Yes, its been really frustrating that we don't have anything to update. We have shipped many XiStera's to backers who have give up on us as far as ZOpro is concerned. From our stand point we cannot give up on the project even though we are passing the product cycle. Since we were well short on funds to complete the project we obviously are in no position to refund. Distribution to our other product is key to getting the funds to complete the project and we have had some delays there. We will get something done here and as soon as we have concrete plans everyone will get an update. Joe Yes Dashiell. I will message you directly about that. And I understand everyone's frustration. We would much rather have product on the market instead of very expensive tooling sitting on a shelf. We had two deals fall through from companies that were interested in a coop deal with ZOpro. Now we are trying to get your supplier agree to make a very small run at the same cost just to cover backers instead of a mass production like we planned. Timing this with our other project getting fulfilled and moving to retail will give us the cash we need if our supplier agrees to terms. We basically had to do re production on XiStera to get the last 20% of the rewards filled. Fortunately, that was mostly at the suppliers cost but it cost us significant time. We have not updated all of those details here because it's another project. That production is in the air now for the US and when it lands and we ship our backers we will also be able to collect on some pre sales and distribution that will allow us to put some dollars into ZOpro. Those of you who are international and opted to switch to XiStera will be getting those units as we ship the remaining international backers for that project. We will start shipping as soon as they land and clear customs. We are working on a deal right now that may get this rolling again. Waiting to confirm a couple things and will post an update. Sorry it's been such a long time since the last. I completely understand the way all of you feel in the comments below. First of all 389 backers would have to agree unanimously via survey even if we were in the position to refund the project (which we are not) and there will always be backers that are unhappy with that alternative as well. Second, we are much closer to getting production done than we would be to sending refunds ($8k vs. $21k). So needless to say we are not giving up on this project after spending over $60k on it. Some of you will still have a 5/5s and some will be moving on to the 6 is six months and may just sell the case. But that is the direction we are going and we are getting closer. Hopefully as we get this done and gain momentum with other projects we will be able to move on to the next gen iPhone tooling and offer a choice to our backers. But we won't be able to answer that until September. Sure Warren We had held about 20% of the XiStera international rewards due to the fit issue that we had. We held some rewards and distributor orders while product was unpacked and carefully checked. The past few weeks we have been negotiating with the supplier to run new production for all of the parts that did not fit our standard. Now, a new production is being run with harder material which will result in a better fit and security. The final international backers and those of you who swapped ZOpro for XiStera will be getting those new production units. It was a process as we had them take apart the original XiSteras and recycle the stainless parts. We plan to start shipping the balance on around April 8th. To clarify - That comment about shipments starting again is ZOpro backers internationally who requested a XiStera in exchange. Rowan International shipments are starting again. I have not received any tracking numbers yet and it is already Saturday in Asia. I do expect to start getting some this coming week. They are very close to shipping. Raymond Our situation has not changed so there is still nothing to update. The next update will be when we have parts running again. Some parts are ready and some are not. We are trying to get distribution funds rolling on our other project to cover production of the additional parts and shipping to all of you. Once we know for a fact that things are moving again we will update. I know it's no good going long periods without update but it is frustrating getting an update that says "nothing to update". Hopefully it will not be long before we have a substantial update. Joe Matthew My response to your posting. Hello Wanted to clarify our side here. People have the right to use whatever words they like and that goes with the territory when it comes to crowdfunding. Personally, I believe that the words “scam” and “fraud” are not fair if you really understand that Kickstarter is not a store. Those words indicate that we misappropriated funds somehow and bought cars or vacations which is obviously not the case. Frustrated and angry backers we certainly understand however. Just take your frustration and magnify it 389 times and that is ours. We have… 1. Immediately cancelled the iPhone 4 model in the first months and refunded all of those backers in full based on our supplier telling us that there was not enough quantity to justify their pricing originally quoted on tooling. 2. Posted a copy of One single invoice for tooling that was within a couple thousand of the total amount funded. 3. Spent nearly triple the amount funded on the project to date and are still (slowly) spending. 4. Launched another project (80% delivered) and that decision was made partially because we knew that the only way ZOpro would ever get done was to make a trip to our former supplier and get in their face. We vowed not to spend funds from the other project but ZOpro certainly benefited from the 7 weeks spend over in Asia. 5. Shown photos of the tooling itself, the cables that have been done 3 times (which ended up being a major issue) and several sets of T samples that have been made on the mold. 6. Been honest that we are out of money on the project and that we are trying to use distribution income from our newer project to help finish production. We expect backers to be frustrated as we are ourselves. We made mistakes. But if you truly understand Kickstarter, the definition of words like scam and fraud certainly do not fit our journey and experience on this project. And we have not, and will not give up. Sincerely, Joe Adams One more item Philip All of the backers here have been offered a XiStera in place of their ZOpro which does come with the lenses and give you all of the ZOpro camera features (lenses, lens mount, tripod mount, dash mount). Around 15% of the backers have opted for XiStera but I completely understand if you have no interest as it is a completely different product. I understand completely why you feel that way Philip but we have already posted one invoice in an update that shows we spent the funds raised for this project responsibly and completely. Admittedly we made mistakes in this (our first) successfully funded project. The goal should have been much higher and we had unexpected issues with the cable that increased the cost even more. If we were trying to play games with people we would not have spent all of that money on tooling and we would have no reason to respond here. The fact is that we would love to be selling and marketing this product and would certainly not put all of this time, energy and additional funds of our own into it if that was not the case. And we have delivered an additional project but had to be responsible with those funds as they were raised for another project (although its existence did help us get to Asia and sort some things out on ZOpro). We are not shipping lenses and partial product or giving refunds because that would diminish the limited resources that we have to get the product moving again. Since we are not in a position to refund the whole project it would not be fair to other backers to refund you or other individuals who are more vocal. It has been a long time since we have posted an update because we do not really have anything to update until the production line is moving again. I could spend a whole update telling you every detail about how our supplier promised this and that and did not deliver for us but that does not do anyone any good at all since its behind us. We are still here and will keep pushing forward in trying to fulfill the project whether anyone cares or not. Sure Zach. I will message you... Understood that everyone is fed up with the fact that this project is at a stand still. We have 60k worth of work and tooling just sitting around waiting for production when it could be pumping out a great product that we could be making profit on. That is not the position we want to be in right now. It's frustrating, sad, and weighs heavily on all of us because all of you are waiting and ZOpro is really such a great product. Our XiStera project was much smoother and is 70% shipped but did have some production issues also in the end that has caused some delays in getting past KS shipments and into distribution where we will see profit that can help the ZOpro project get moving again. We are doing our best to get that moving and also applying for grants and SB loans that will help us on all fronts. Any update right now will be pretty empty but we do know it time to post one regardless and will put something together soon. It is in our benefit to get this to market otherwise all investment on the project is lost. And we are heavily invested both financially and emotionally. Not expecting all of you to be happy even when ZOpro is delivered based on the time lost but we will continue to do our best and not give up on the project. That is all we can do. Hey Steve Thanks for your continued support. We are waiting to get confirmation of funds hopefully after the Asia holiday and will update when we can confirm that production is starting again. It will be the best day of my life when I can show photos of ZOpro being packaged. I know not all backers will be satisfied still because of the ridiculous timeline but completing this weighs on my mind every day. Thanks GP but we know we are shedding a bad light on KS because of our mistakes and overages on this project and we have fallen way below our own expectations an that of our backers. We will get this thing done. Sad that we are part of that statistic for you GP. But very cool that you have brought 20 things into the world that would have never existed without your help. And we will eventually make it 21. Not delivering ZOpro would be the end of our business and that is not our plan as we have worked to hard over the past couple of year. Looks like we may be heading to Asia again and could get production moving again a week or two after the Chinese holiday. Plan to update when we confirm but we have some good distribution commitments on our XiStera project. I agree Mario and we hate to hear that but understand. The reason we are chasing other projects is partially for the benefit of ZOpro allowing us to keep the few people we have in place so things still get done. When you spend triple the amount that you raise on a project you can either give up and walk away or find a way. We learned such a hard lesson on ZOpro that we got better at all aspects if the process. Continuing on with other projects has allowed us to travel to Asia and sort out the issues we had with ZOpro and although we cannot use funds from other projects we can use post fulfillment dollars and are getting very close to that point. I know not everyone will be happy even when we deliver in the end but we are hoping that a large percentage of you will be once we fulfill. I personally believe after a year of testing that ZOpro is one of the best iPhone products around. And we will continue to take the steps necessary to give this story a happy ending. Hope all of you are having a good Christmas. I would much rather be seeing comments about backers happy to see their ZOpro than the well understood frustrations. Our production manager is just waiting for the word. Once we get him the funds and put everything in motion we will update and ship from Asia somewhere around a month from that date. As soon as everything is in motion I will give better estimates. We are both financially and emotionally invested heavily in this product and have used and tested it more than any of our offerings. Can't wait to get it out. Thanks Matthew. We will regroup and make one big push to get this project fulfilled and then to market. They will. It's just a confirmation process and we have several distributors waiting on samples now. Good news. We have hard orders from distributors on XiStera and samples will be sent out next week for confirmation. That means that we will soon have the (post Kickstarter) funds that we need to get ZOpro moving towards completion. As soon as that happens I will post another update here on the ZOpro Project. ZOpro is not dead. It's just stuck in intensive care. This is a very frustrating position for us that will certainly never be duplicated. Just take your frustration and multiply it times 389 and that is the weight I feel on my shoulders every day and it pains me even more that it has any negative impact on Kickstarter. New projects constantly contact me and I tell them my experience and hardships on this project doing my very best to help them to avoid our shortcomings. One of the points that I try to get across is that they should triple the amount of money they think it will take, add cost for a trip to the manufacturer, and add cost for someone to watch over production. Without this type of access I don't know how any quality products get completed. Easy to get something in your hand, but something with good quality and that works correctly as stated is another story all together. We are still in the same position as a few weeks ago when we updated. Our XiStera project is currently shipping which means samples going to several new distributors to confirm. Although we cannot use funds from XiStera for ZOpro we will be able to use distribution profits to help ZOpro through the final steps to completion and fulfillment. And that is our only real issue remaining with ZOpro now. It has taken more than three times the amount we funded to complete the project which I take full responsibility for. I think many would have given up early on but we kept putting our money in and moving forward, even launching another project that gave us the ability to get in front of our suppliers and solve the early problems first hand. We have learned so much from XiStera reducing costs and solving problems in many areas that will help us get ZOpro to everyone. Of course, if we had know from the beginning that this is where we would be now the project would never have launched. Since the past no longer exists from the standpoint of decision making we choose to keep pushing forward. XiStera has similar photo features to ZOpro we have extended the offer to switch over from ZOpro and have a XiStera shipped to any backer who chooses that option (UPDATE #16). That option guarantees any backer something in your hand within the next week or two and a large percentage of backers have taken us up on that offer. We know exactly what we need at this point to complete the ZOpro project. Those distributor profits are coming and as soon as we confirm that we are in a financial position to move forward on ZOpro we will update again with a timeline for shipments and get this thing done! Thanks so much for your support and the patience that many of you have show. No, Kickstarter is not a store and most people know that. But backers do expect to get something in their hand and when this project is behind us we expect every backer to have a good quality product in their hand, hopefully with some concessions that make up for the lost time. UPDATE #16 has been posted for our backers. Agreed. Will get an update out today for you guys. The project is by no means dead and we are just having some issues closing it out but it will get closed out. Understand your frustration Bryan. We would never have shipped an inferior product but it would have made life much easier just to ship a good quality case without the cable feature. Problem is, it would have been very difficult to get everyone to agree with that. We took the road we are on. It's costing us more but in the end everyone will benefit from it. Jermyn - I agree. That comment was aimed at the negative comments about Kickstarter in general and not in defense of anything else. My response was simply that most projects do get made and many do a very good job on the projects. I don't want people to in general to have a bad impression of Kickstarter just because we are very late on our project. Kickstarter is a great platform overall. Fuzzy - As soon as we have anything solid on that program we will let all backers of this project know about it. We obviously can't make any firm plans and commitments on something that won't exist for another year. But want to make later models after this is delivered even if the models after Kickstarter are made without the cable. We feel that it's a very thin case and the best product available in the category to date . Rowan - We will update as soon as we have firm information. I don't want to give any more incorrect dates until I know we are in position to ship. One more thing regarding Kickstarter... Kickstarter is a very unique platform by nature. We have backed and followed many projects and although many products do pass their estimated delivery dates all of them that we have backed have delivered and most have delivered a nice product. Even some of the best funded projects Kickstarter has produced (like Pebble and the Elevation Dock) have had difficulty with timely delivery but gone on to deliver quality products and become viable companies thanks to all of the support of this amazing site. Pebble is even paving the path in the "wearable technology" market today. Most backers know there is a risk with funding a project that has never been made before but because of that risk many products now exist that may have never seen the light of day. Thanks to all of the Kickstarter backers who continue to take that risk. Rest assured that although ZOpro will always be one of those projects that was delivered very late, I assure you the story will end with the delivery of a quality product. In response the comments by Marika and others - This has been a very frustrating project for us, but one we do intend to complete and deliver in quality form to every single backer that helped to get it off the ground. Marika was correct in one assumption for sure. The ZOpro is late, way over cost, and it will be difficult to make money off of the project in the near future but we still think it's the best product in the category and this time and effort will eventually pay off for us. There is still almost a full model year for the 5S and this form factor for the iPhone will be around for a couple of years to come. We have put ourselves in a very difficult position with the cable and by not changing course early on the problem has been compounded. We just made three new cables and finally one that works perfectly with iOS7 which was a glitch that we never planned for since the project was to be delivered well before it's existence. Our final production and shipping would get resolved much faster if we had unlimited resources, but we don't. Right now we are very close but every move we make has to be very carefully though out so we don't end up in a corner with no options. As Marika said in the earlier comment the "smartest" thing we could do would be to flush this project and Marika may be correct. But that is NOT OUR INTENTION in any way shape or form. And we will not be delivering "imperfect protos" as we have had more than ample time to refine ZOpro to a very finished product for the end user. Please understand that this is not a comfortable or fun situation to be in at this point. These shoes are not very comfortable and every one of you and your commitment to us weighs heavily on our shoulders. We will not quit until we have fulfilled every single backer pledge with a quality product. All of the 1/4-20 mounts seem to work and they are not too expensive. We are purchasing and will have 3 or 4 of the best mounts we have used available on our website over the next month as we start delivering. When you choose a windshield mount I recommend that you get a very large diameter suction cup (for security) and a longer articulating arm with multiple adjustments for the windshield is better especially if the angle is shallow. You can get into issues where the phone will not be level before it hits the windshield or mount. For dash and other areas you can use 3M or gecko removable. I like the 3M for security if you know it will be semi-permanent I leave the magnetic boss in the car always because it makes a great maps mount and I usually have my car when I go off to shoot photos with a tripod so it's always with me. These are some mounts we have used with ZOpro and XiStera. Really the same function. The circled one you can see is much larger. Larger and more adjustable is the way to go. <url>"see you in a week" basically because of the National Holiday over there and they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting. 'Emergency' was obviously too strong a word to use in that case. These cables are capable of normal daily use for a couple of years and more with good care. I am on iOS7 V. 7.0 (11A465) and I have checked it on several other 5's that were downloaded via the public OTA on or after the 18th. Phones still charge and sync both during and after the notification in each case. That being said I am more concerned now and will look into this deeper. Thanks for your comments guys. Hi Kraig- iOS7 does actually allow lightning cables that are not certified. This is the message you get and have to dismiss: <url>"sales" of the ZOpro product the cable feature will be removed for retail sales. Kickstarter is not a sale, it's a pledge. What we have made is the thinnest photography case on the market that does not seem any thicker than a regular case. The boss is an awesome tripod mount and if you keep one in your car will be the most amazing car mount you have ever imagined. We had to make a difficult decision to either remove the cable for retail sales or double the case thickness and in the end it was unanimous that the thin size and photo features were much more important. You Are All Getting a Kickstarter Special Edition that cost much more to make than we took in funding and will never be made the same way again. If anyone wants their case without the cable or cable routing, just ask and we will add that to your survey. This has been a very stressful process and we learned many hard lessons. We appreciate the patience that you have all shown and will be updating again as soon as we are close to starting shipments. Joe Thanks. Got the drawings when they came out. Files are being sent to the supplier today to modify the die for the metal part. Will be compatible with both 5 and 5S when we ship and we will update about the ship date as soon as we have a handle on it. Not really an additional delay here Jermyn. The Lightning end of the cable was confirmed before the last update which has been our problem and focus. The USB end and complete cable set will be confirmed from the new supplier when our production manager gets back to China end of this week. We are just working on these new stainless parts along side the timeline of the other issues so we can satisfy more backers with the end product and be compatible with more phones. Yes. As we expected we will make a small modification to the metal part in the lens area (as suspected in update #15). We are currently waiting for Apple to post the dimensions and then we will get them off to our supplier to change the die. ZOpro will be compatible with iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. Agreed Kai But it's not far away now. The cable is sorted out and in process. I will go into detail on that in the update that is coming. We will deliver way later than planned, but will deliver a product that is the quality and design that we originally promised. Looking back I would have made the case thicker and not been so stubborn about the case thickness and this would have eliminated the cable issue but I take responsibility for the decisions made and we are here now. If Apple keeps their release schedule and leaks hold true we will be compatible with the 5S which will likely ship in October and the 6 will likely be October 2014 although who knows. That being said we are considering a voucher exchange program that we would only offer to our backers when the 6 model comes out as well to provide further benefit but is still a long way out. Understand your concern. A year is pushing it a bit considering all iPhone 5's were estimated for late February 2013 but we are certainly not proud of how this project has gone time wise. Assuming the leaks are all correct the metal part will be modified quickly to work on the iPhone 5 or 5S with dual LED flash. As promised in the last comment from me an update is coming in the next day or two. Wanted to let you all know that we are aware that an update is overdue. First of all, we have a new cable sample that fits the thickness of our case without modification. When we received this sample we were told that with the clearance we had there was no way that we would get charge and sync and it would only charge. We did not accept this answer. Yesterday, we received the cable that is within our parameters and has both charge and sync. That means that we are now in a position where we can push forward again. It looks like we will give the cable company a confirmation as soon as Monday and the other end of the cable mold can be finalized followed by production. I am hesitant to give any new dates until everything comes together but you can expect an update in the proper format with more information within the next 7-14 days. We do not expect to make the cases thicker. It would be a significant time and money issue. We just need to make sure the cases are durable with a thinner backing behind the cable area. Agreed. Actually, way too long would have been a more accurate comment. We are doing are best based on where we are and what we have to work with here. Thanks Raymond. It is frustrating at this point because it is more waiting than action. Action would equal taking drastic steps in a different direction so waiting is the best bet for everyone involved right now. We should know something soon on our cable solution and confirmation of machining the cases even thinner in the back for mass production. It's easy to do for a few cases but production is a different story so our fingers are crossed that it will all work out. NEXT iPhone: The good news for us (ZOpro) is that we will most likely see the same casing as the iPhone 5. If the casing was going to change there would likely be leaks due to the necessity for production testing prior to a September launch. Mark Gurman (9to5mac) has been pretty careful and accurate over the past few product cycles and has been a great source for information prior to iPhone launches. I suggest you follow him @markgurman if you want to best possible analysis (although everything with Apple is speculative). <url>"olloclip compatible top case" that would be fine. Just send me a message instead of a comment so it will show up in your backer report. Thanks. Yes. Please send it as a message instead of a comment so it will be tied to your Backer Info. Thanks! We are working on the survey as we speak and plan to send it out tonight or tomorrow. Check out update #13. We had a very minor change we had to make at the last minute to the tooling so the top and bottom push together properly. Heading overseas to the supplier to confirm in person, start the machines running, and coordinate assembly and shipping. Will update from China on exact dates. Photos of injection molded units are in the most recent update. Still working on May. We know it's going to be tight and we are waiting for final cable samples before we can start any assembly. Will be sending surveys out this week Jermyn. Hi Bryan We are working hard to stay on plan for May fulfillment. Although the translation is rough I am sure that he is just frustrated with the delays as you are and we are. Some don't understand that first time products run into issues and if you want to deliver a high quality product adjustments must be made in production that can cost time. It's part of putting yourself out there on social funding. Also, I am in process of trying to arrange a plan where my son can go to China very soon to avoid waiting for some of the last samples and resolve packaging issues. Will be updating everyone this week. Thanks for the support. Rowan: We are still on track for May. The shots we got from the mold had scratching on the case last week so they went back to make some minor repairs to the tooling and we should have some more sample shots this week. Will post an update early in the week Greg: I will send you the email for iPhone 4/4s refunds. Since we did not make that version we did issue refunds on that model. We cannot issue any refunds on the iPhone 5 because we used every penny juts to pay for tooling and we are paying for the parts ourselves now. Hi Matthew: Nobody ever knows exactly what Apple is doing with their next product cycle. But due to the size of the company and number of suppliers the past few product cycles have been very predictable. We watch quite a few feeds, and analysts have research teams most of whom were pegging the release of the iPhone 5S for announcement in June and launch in July of this year. More recently most of those same Analysts reported that due to delays that may be caused by a fingerprint scanner those dates may be pushed to August or September of 2013. They also unanimously agree that the iPhone 5S will be in the same form factor as the iPhone 5 which is in line with Apple's previous "S" series product cycles. So although we cannot predict the future it is likely that the next phone will launch between July and September and will have the same outer casing with a faster processor, maybe a fingerprint scanner or NFC and who knows what else. @markgurman (9to5mac) revealed the iPhone 5 casing long before the actual release with accurate results and seems to have some pretty credible sources. So what does that mean? We are probably good with our case design for some time and another product cycle but nobody really knows because Apple does not comment on future releases. Our plan is to get the ZOpro to you as soon as possible. Molded parts are scheduled to be coming out of the tooling on April 25th which is in a couple of days. We will let all of you know when we confirm them. Joe Hi Sheila: If your transaction is under Alfredo Fernandez we have found it and that may have been the issue on confirmation. Adam: ZOpro STILL HAS THE CHARGING CABLE. We would never delete such an important feature. The recess for the cable is just being machined instead of molded. Sheila: Please send us your Amazon Transaction Number. All of the requested iPhone 4/4S refunds were taken care of long ago. Search December 2012 in your Amazon account. Gary Yes, we are late. The iPhone 5's were originally estimated for February and it's now March. We are trying to get one or two items nailed down with our supplier so we can update and build expectations properly. Please do not think for a second that this does not wear on us as well. We are well past the point of refunds on the iPhone 5 because those funds have been paid for tooling and additional money out of pocket has been spent as well. We are refining, tracking, and testing: case tooling, pro mount tooling, cables, lenses, metal parts (camera and pro mount), rare-earth magnet, velvet lining, handle parts, packaging & finishes. We could certainly be posting more updates and will try to be better about that. Please keep in mind that updates don't get the project completed and showing improper or non-final parts will not please anyone. All of the approved parts will come together near the same time frame and we will have loads to share. In the mean time, we will post an update on fulfillment as soon as we feel we have the confidence to do so accurately. Thanks to everyone for your support! Joe Hi Rowan I know many are frustrated waiting for a substantial update. Fulfillment will be delayed due to more changes we have made in tooling. We are hesitant in issuing an update until we have a schedule nailed down that we can rely on from our supplier and final injection shots in hand. Of course we will get an update out as soon as we get the information in hand and are confident with finalization. Colors: Yes, we still intend to offer the colors. We will not be sending surveys until very close to fulfillment otherwise people could change address etc... Thank you for your support! Hey Jermyn We will be getting an update out soon. Working as efficiently as we can on getting all of the bugs out of the tooling and the nine parts that make up the ZOpro. Has not been as smooth a road as we would like but rest assured we will fulfill a nice product before your holiday. Thanks to everyone for the support and patience. Yes. After a long three weeks on hold because of the China Holidays things are moving again on the iPhone 5. We will have some test shots coming in the next few weeks and should have some good photos to post on an update shortly thereafter. We are still looking at the end of March (as stated in update #9) for estimated delivery and will keep you updated as things are now starting to come together. RE: iPhone 4/4S Refunds We just sent about 50 to Amazon. Once the funds transferred to Amazon (7 working days, 11 total days) the button for refund was no longer available. We had to contact Kickstarter and Amazon and found a work around. The work around was sending all of the transaction numbers to Amazon which finally was completed today. Was not an easy task digging through 900 transactions. There are some that did not match up with our list so if you do not see your refund before Monday send an email with your TRANSACTION ID in the subject line to the same email as before. We certainly would have liked this to be an easier process than it has been. Thanks for your patience. Just so this is clear in the comments area. We are refunding the iPhone 4/4S backers and moving forward with production with the iPhone 5. Backers can view the full update and explanation including info on the status of the iPhone 5 by viewing UPDATE #9. This is a "backers only" update and you should have received it via email as well if you are a backer. If your email does not open automatically when you click on it just copy the address and paste it to your email. No problem Grid: Its just an email address for the refunds: <email> I completely understand and sympathize with your disappointment Harjit. I obviously have both phones and actually prefer to use my iPhone 4S for photo and video work. David, Wilson, & Chris: I first want to thank you for your support on the project. We think we have been forthright in all of our decisions and notifications thus far. All Estimated December backers were notified of the delay before the close of the project with a window to cancel contributions. I have never had that opportunity on late projects that I backed. We have been putting significant effort into changing our plan for the iPhone 4/4S in such a way that we could produce one run of high quality cases without long term tooling even if they exceeded our cost. These decisions are difficult because they effect more than just a few backers. Our focus group will be making a final decision tomorrow on the iPhone 4/4S and the decision appears to be leaning toward refunding the iPhone 4/4S backers and continuing with the iPhone 5 model. That is a decision we don't take lightly because it will leave some unhappy backers that would rather wait and will cost us an additional 10% because of the Kickstarter and Amazon fees. If that is the decision, we will start issuing the refunds very quickly and will take the loss on commission and fees in order to make you all whole. Thank you for your understanding and patience. For all of our backers. We are aware that it has been a long time since the last update and you can expect a new update middle to the end of this week. Waiting on some important confirmations that we should have early this coming week. Hi Chris As you know we changed the way we plan to make the 4 due to the low quantities. That message went out to First Backers only because it did not effect estimated dates for other backers. When the next sample is received we will be making some decisions followed by an update and you can expect that in the coming week. Hope you had a safe and Happy Holiday season David. We are making some critical decisions on the 4's over the next week to ten days and will be posting an update sometime before the 15th to get everyone up to speed. Hi Jermyn. Our estimated delivery dates for February still look good. Will be updating when we get couple of weeks into January. Yes Steve. We will have all of the accessories available on our website after we fulfill our Kickstarter backers. Hi Wilson. My apologies that I did not respond to that request at the time. However, we did notify all Backers with December Estimated Deliveries prior to the close of the project that their iPhone 4's would be pushed to January because of the low quantities. We are pushing on production detail right now and will be getting an update out in a week to ten days. Hope everyone had a safe and Happy Holiday and wishing you all a Happy New Year! Hi David. We know it will be in January but are waiting for the producer to confirm exact dates. They are finalizing their labor allocation schedules for the Chinese holidays which are in the same month. Thanks Michael and many thanks to all of our Backers! We look forward to getting a great product in your hands and we could never have done it without you. ZOpro is going to become a reality.:) Thanks for supporting our project Matthew! You got us over that $20,000 hump which was a huge milestone for us. Hi David. Thanks for supporting the project. Christmas delivery for the First Backers (iPhone 4/4S) is still the plan. We have a conference scheduled with our supplier middle of next week regarding Christmas delivery for those units. As our goal is to be transparent with our backers, we will be posting an updated regarding those deliveries BEFORE the project closes. There is always a chance Jermyn. But that will largely depend on how the timing goes with the iPhone 5 charging system. Hi Jermyn Looks like you have pledged enough for your reward selected plus the handle and tripod mount so you should be good to go. Hi Bryan Good News for you and everyone else. Because we are not molding each color all backers and all deliveries will be able to choose their color. The color comes from a scratch proof soft-touch exterior coating that you see on many high end cases. This gives you a slight rubber like feel and a much more confident grip making it much less likely to drop your phone. We though this was important on a case used for photography and it gives us a much better selection and control on colors. Thanks Aizal. And a big thank you to all of our backers! Thanks Steven. We are really excited about making these cases! Thanks Michael! Hey David. Our plan is that all of the First Backers for iPhone 4S will get their ZOpro or ZOsolo packages for Christmas Delivery. Obviously these dates say estimated delivery but we are moving early to get things done on time. We have limited the number for these first deliveries so that in the event we need to pay for air shipment and such to make the first deadlines it will be manageable. Thank you for your support. Thanks Andy! You got us over the hump. And thanks to all of our backers for getting us past our goal in less than ten days. Will not have any issues getting the iPhone 5 cables and delivery by February so you should be all good for your trip. Thanks for supporting us Kerry! Will look into that now. Thank you Chris! Thanks Adam! It was nice during the video shoot having the ON-Charge. Filmic Pro creates some pretty big files, so after a couple hours of shooting I would plug into the laptop, drop the files on the computer, and get a quick charge. Thanks for supporting us. The magnet is actually on the lenses and the sticky washer is metal. But yes the opening lines up the lenses perfectly and they snap right in. They are also much more secure and can't move off of center if you bump them. Been using it for a few months and I actually enjoy using the lenses now that the washers have been eliminated. I stick the lenses on the pro mount and just keep it in my car or pack. Then I have lenses and a tripod mount with me at all times. And it fits in my pocket. It's never crazy to ask. Would not be possible at this point because of tooling but if the project goes really well it could be a consideration for a model. The first prototype did not have the cable. But keep in mind the cable will be much more refined in the finished product and it looks like it may be removable for replacement purposes. Thanks for the kind words. I could not have said it better myself Bryan. Thank you! Good Questions Bryan Tripod mount will only attach in landscape mode. Although I have not personally had much use for shooting in portrait mode most tripods do flip to 90 degrees. About the Christmas delivery units. We are already working towards it and will use credit to get tooling rolling in November. We have committed to a small quantity of units for December in the event they require Air Shipment to meet your expectations. Joe Thanks for supporting us Richard, Five colors to choose from for now. Every 500 backers and we will add a color that you backers will get to vote in. The five colors in the project are what we are starting with although we could not use renders so the shades and consistency are not correct. We want to really blow the funding away because we have a surprise option that we may add to the list if we get over 50k. It's another die for molding and a high minimum order. So keep getting the word out! Thanks again, Joe Thanks Bryan Please keep posting and tweeting! It all helps. Good Question Richard Your credit card will be charged when the project ends on Dec 7th assuming we reach our funding goal. Looking good so far. Thank you supporting our project! Joe Will this fit the iPhone 11 pro ? I'm still waiting.... I kept my old iPhone 4 just in case you decide to revive from the dead and ship these out to us. Worth a shot. I invoke my rights under Kickstarter's Terms of Use: <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill." I demand a full refund for my pledge amount. Can't believe I came and checked for an update. This project was fraudulent, so why did I think there would be an update. Why hasn't Kickstarter responded to this situation to facilitate a resolution? there IS an email for this "Alex" person. he IS associated with the project ( even has it in HIS profile ) perhaps someone with a legal connection could email him. ( alexwerbickas(at)gmail.com ) really disappointed in how this project has turned out... taken my money and run Oops, that first link should be: <url>"building a better business through crowdfunding" at a design conference. I suppose it's Graduate Armstrong State University, not Georgia Tech. More misdirection from his profile, lol. The account hasn't been logged in in over a year. I think contacting Georgia Tech may be in order to inform them that one of their (former?) students has scammed 389 people out of their money. I doubt they would want that type of association. Does anyone here know how to go about contacting his school regarding this matter? Do we need to start filing lawsuits and getting the FTC involved ? This seems like fraud, and there is no courtesy of even keeping the backers updated. <url>"maybe" left in any of us, let us know what is going on!! Total scam This is absolutely ridiculous. I have been patient and understanding, but this has gone to far. Last response I saw was from June!!! Please tell us what is going on! Hey joe! Did you order a iPhone 6 or 6+ ? <url>#.VBEgZEtO66A Joe somehow had my post removed the popular site Kickscammed.com... The project needed to be posted on the site to make everyone aware it failed and there is still no action after almost 2 years. Did you watch the event joe? Life Spot - KS project is issuing a refund since they will not be able to deliver the product; <url>"Founders" level of disappointment. No update in 10 months and radio silence to any comments or questions on here! Very poor customer service and very little compassion or consideration for any of the packers who supported you. You'll never succeed if this is your work ethic! Sorry, sounds like you need to take a loan out to refund. You may not be in a position - but according to Kickstarter, if you cannot fulfill, you need to refund. What about those of us that gave you the money and trusted in you?- heading your way to a bit of a lawsuit if you don't figure this out. So now he's selling that POS metal thing on Stack Social... <url>"not posting and update because there is nothing to update" philosophy is full of crap and just serves to anger us backers even more. At this point, you might as well sell more XiStera products to generate enough cash to repay all the ZOpro backers you have been teasing for the past two years. It's time to refund all the backers since you are unable to deliver the promised product. We've seen 2 updates since update #14 which happened a year ago. Joe. How about an update? You are lumping yourself with the lowest tier of Kickstarter... Oh look, Mario's link suggest that a lawsuit could do the job. Looks like someone else also promised stuff but because of the lack of experience they didn't fulfil the orders and ended up bankrupt and jobless... Fascinating what lack of experience can do to you when you play with other people's money... <url>"Project Creators are required to fulfill all rewards of their successful fundraising campaigns or refund any Backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfil." Sounds like you "cannot" due to the length of time overdue, and from the scant details in your updates. Please refund me. Whatever, Joe - just post UPDATES. If its not dead, post things at least 1X a month- its been since last november. A little communication and respect goes a long way - you have done neither. 'we will be able to move on to the next gen iPhone tooling' - sorry, but I don't think I'll be having one of your cases for my next phone. I appreciate your efforts, but I just put this down to experience and think carefully about backing other projects now. He can't give a refund on money that's already been spent, and that would only postpone the cases longer I'm going to have to agree with Parisri too here I would like a full refund as well I hate to say it but at this point I'm with Parisri. By the time a case is made etc, I'll have moved on to another phone. Time to throw in the towel and give the pledges back. I would like my money back. We've been more than patient. I want you refund my money. Joe, as I'm not an original XiStera backers, I'm unable to read the update as to why the unit is delayed. Can up update those who've swapped here too? Are the Xistera units still on track to be shipped to the UK this week for those who decided to swap projects? So I just read all of these responses. I think it only makes sense to just drop this project. Everyone is right, it's over dude the iPhone 6 is only a few short months away! You won't be able to afford retooling and everything to redesign a new case - so just drop it. Be honest, put money and time elsewhere. Definitions of fraud and scam aside, what is the status of the project? Is everything still being manufactured? Are some parts ready and others not? What are the timelines of when the products will be finished, when they will be shipped to you, and when individual pledges will be shipped to us? While I can begrudgingly accept that this is a frustrating situation for all parties involved, posting what you have done does not bring us any peace of mind. Instead, post of what you plan to do. Like you mentioned in your last update (four months ago...), transparency is important and the more you tell us, even if it is just a weekly update saying there is nothing to update, goes a long way. Agreed. Fraud and scam are not really appropriate here in my opinion. Even though I'm frustrated with this like most people I do have to side with joe on the fraud/scam thing, that's a harsh exaggeration at best hate to do this - but I came across this site kickslammed.com. Check it out for other projects that haven't delivered. <url>"backers" are willing to cut their losses if you do a partial fulfillment. The iPhone 6 is just around the corner and your iPhone 5 case will be rendered useless and a waste of funds. You need to make a business decision fast. The user will have about 6 months or so left with this case if they choose to upgrade. So if you want to even keep a larger fraction of your backers happy, partial fulfillment might be the key. You've reached the point where you're not going to satisfy everyone (anyone) You need to make a wise business decision. Think carefully. ( not too long or else people will freak out again ) But again, with all due respect, until you provide a product, you sir are fraud. I opted to swap and I still haven't received anything, so still a year and a half down the line with nothing to show for it! This joe Adams is a fraud. He keeps saying money this money that. Joe, get a loan from the bank. Sell your items, put some items on the line if you REALLY believe in this product. Spend money to make money. High risk, high return. Do you need any more cliches ? I've just decided that this is my punishment for trusting a scam artist/thief such as joe Adams. Joe Adams is a fraud Joe Adams is a thief Joe Adams is a scam artist Joe Adams, I am calling you out. If you think I'm wrong. Prove it. Otherwise those facts I stated above are true. I know that I am not going to see my money returned. Nor am I going to see the product, the "replacement" product is an ugly piece of scrap metal. Joe, we all know the case is a bust. Send me the lenses, and a lightning cable and I'll be out of your hair ( which you should have none left due to the stress and frustration this project SHOULD have caused ) @JayC there's a difference between demanding a refund or feeling that you are entitled to one, and simply asking. I'd like one too, but I realize that it's almost certainly impossible at this point. What part of Kickstarter's terms of service do you people asking for refunds not understand? Kickstarter clearly says that these projects are not guarantees of success. It annoys me as much as everyone else on here that this project was a total fail, but asking for your money back is like trying to get money back from Bernie Madoff. Actually it's even harder because Madoff never indicated that he was working a ponzi scheme. By funding on Kickstarter, you assume the risk that the project will never deliver. If you want change, contact Kickstarter. But asking for a refund at this point is like trying to shout over the waves. I would like my money back. We've been more than patient, and with the upcoming iPhone release sometime this year, there is NO POINT in expecting this product just to throw it in a drawer because it is not needed any longer. Please REFUND my money. <email> = PayPal. Can you just paypal me my money back? What a bust... Maybe too late but is there an option that you can just send me your other project? The XiStera? I agree short life span, I should have just gotten a olloclip instead At this point we will be lucky to get six months out of the case before the iPhone 6 comes out. Very disappointing. I agree. Can we have some explicit details ASAP? No update in 4 months, almost a year and a half down the line and absolutely nothing more than "we'll let you know soon" type answers. A second project already shipped. Come on folks, I think if you can't give a definitive date/answer by now then you should maybe be a bit more honest. Not cool when will we receive the case for iphone 5/5s? Any idea when those in the UK who switched to the XiStera can expect their unit? I know it's soon, but a date would be nice! Hello, I originally backed this project when I was in high school, now I am in college. I am still supporting this project until I get my case, but in the mean time could you please do an official update? The BIG plus for you guys is that you respond to comments. More communication is better than less; it helps to manage peoples concerns and expectations. In my experience most project originators respond too infrequently so I tip my hat to you for your communication. I've backed 24 projects, 4 of them are a year or over a year late and one decided not to ship anything. In the past I have not been too concerned because I backed the Pebble watch (which was a year late in delivery) and it is a fantastic product but with a 25% track record of projects being a year late and the likely-hood that they will not deliver anything at all, I fear that I am going down the negative trail with others. While I understand that Kickstarter is not a store, there are "Rewards" promised for money provided. I have STOPPED funding projects except those supporting what I feel are worthy causes (Looking At The Stars, the Story of a Brazilian Ballet School for the Blind) and only visit Kickstarter to view all of the late projects that I have funded with a fleeting hope that a quality "Reward" may be delivered. what is happening with this project?? Can you give me an idea of when us none US will receive our XiStera units if we have opted out of this project? How? It's a bugger that this was the first project I've backed...it's put me off backing others...not sure how you can chase money for other projects before delivering on this... Can you give me an idea of when us none US will receive our XiStera units if we have opted out of this project? > Although we cannot use funds from XiStera for ZOpro we will be able to use distribution profits to help ZOpro through the final steps to completion and fulfillment. kind of vague. "final steps" could be indefinite. any ideas about timeline? Investment, even on a micro level like Kickstarter, is always a risk... If you read Kickstarter's terms of service, they tell you openly that they do not take responsibility for unsuccessful campaigns. The bigger risk to take to take, however, is tackling a project like the one Joe has. I understand everyone's frustrations with not having their product yet, but the man is doing his best to explain the burden he has taken on by trying something. In comparison, it's much riskier than spending 6 Hamiltons on a phone case. I appreciate this dude, though I have no idea who he is. It makes me happy to support those willing to attempt something new and difficult rather than being employed to build someone else's dreams. Thank you, Joe for being so upfront and responsive in this whole process. I'm still psyched to get my case, but I'm more psyched to offer support for your amibitions. And if they don't like the samples? @David Ohayon - I have funded (at current count) 76 projects, including the infamous Pebble smartwatch. Of the 76, probably less than 10% failed to fund fully and 3 are still in funding status (recent backings). So I've probably had over 60 projects that I've paid into. Of these projects, there are only a small handful that I'm still awaiting a reward from, and the ZoPro is one. I am fully expecting that the iPhone 6 will be released before this project ever completes. At this point, the money I've paid to the project is basically burned. Because of ZOpro (and one other project), I've become very hesitant to contribute to projects that are based in any way around technology. Which is a shame because projects like this basically turn people like you into skeptics/nonbelievers, and worthy projects die because of bad experiences with prior kickstarters that never delivered. @Kai Gait - I very much doubt you will be able to file a claim against your CC company since Kickstarter is, by definition, a funding platform and not a store. The fact that these projects include a reward is not a sign that they are committing to deliver anything and Kickstarter most especially is not. We are now a month after Update 16. Do you have any new news or any sort of a timeline? Even if the dates are not firm I would rather have approximations than nothing. hate to add to the onslaught of negative comments here, but i'm with Mario down there, this was the first and only project i have backed and am having a pretty miserable experience. obviously i know that this is not indicative of every kickstarter campaign, but i guess it just sucks to see you guys focusing on another product before ours has even shipped. all that said, do you have an update as to ship dates? i know that my amex will give my money back, but that clearly doesn't help your cause. i think your idea is awesome, and while execution is clearly the biggest issue, i think you guys need to keep your "transparency" mentality going a little stronger and provide some more regular updates at the very least to keep your backers sane, and at the most to keep us happy. holler when you guys can give us some more concrete information BUT also please holler when you can tell us what the current status is, which in theory, should be today, tomorrow or any other day that you guys are working on this project which i imagine (and hope) is every damn day. JFDI. I'm wondering if I can reclaim the cost from my credit card company as this project is beginning to feel like a scam. I'm well aware of the risks involved in funding projects, but nearly 12 months for a phone case is ridiculous. Are we any closer to a shipping date? Hi Joe, Will it be this year? "Meeting was pushed off of Friday due to a power outage at their factory and our contact said "see you in a week" basically because of the National Holiday over there and they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting." We never got any update and you can't say ill keep you in dark due to "not having firm info" !? We are talking here about 1 year delay and 15 updates in that one year. Com' on, i understand that you want to make perfect product but not delivering any info ain't the way. Well, at least you guys are still communicating. I'm sure all of us are disappointed with the delays, but look on the bright side. At least it's not a scam like the Founders playing cards project, right? Enough bull. Timelines, and estimated delivery please. It sucks that this was the first thing I backed...have been tempted to back others but haven't because this is getting a bit ridiculous. Okay. Stick with something and deliver. We just want our cases now. Few months late I agreed with others "give them a break they are working hard to deliver a quality product". Now it's almost a year late. Ship shitty cases who gives a fuck. I just want my damn case. naming other projects does not change the fact that this is an extremely late product. the cable has been changed countless of times, how do i know it won't be changed anymore? In addition to dates, I would also like to know what, if anything, you have decided to do about the iPhone 6. You mentioned a while ago you were thinking of an exchange program, is that still on the table? Spending fifty bucks on a case that I'll be using for less than a year is not...ideal. And do you think you will have an updated version of the case for the new iPhone in a reasonable amount of time? Joe I appreciate the update but your comments haven't told us anything about estimated dates etc! We are none the wiser as to when we can expect our ZOpro? Are we talking weeks/months??? It would be nice to know! Ladies and gentlemen - congratulations to those who had a very first and disappointing Kick Starter experience. This is what Kick Starter is about - you pay and more often than not, you get nothing. Put it down to experience, learn from it, make a t-shirt so you can say you've got it (just don't buy it on Kick Starter) and abandon all hope on ever getting the case or getting it before you upgrade your phone to a model not compatible with it. Let's face it - these guys are not going to make any money from this case. They don't have enough time to market their company having only another 11 months of iPhone 5S case sales. They smartest thing they can do is wrap it up and say 'good bye' before the project costs them any more money. If we ever get the cases they will probably be 'imperfect' protos. It happens to most startups that don't really know what they are doing and don't have the cash to burn to achieve their goals. Never mind... Hi Joe, What's going on? Some info would be nice. "they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting." It's now the 19th, that meeting should've happened 14 days ago. Where is the update? Update....? I want to refund, please. So it's been 30 days since the apple announcement and not a word? It's been about 8 months late.... When will we have a for sure shipment date? ok Do you recommend any particular car mount to use with the magnetic mount built into the ZOpro? I was really hoping to have this soon. I have a backpacking trip and a vacation to the carribiean coming up next month (Oct) that I really wanted to use the my ZOpro on these trips. Not looking good. :( updates? Joe - thanks for the reply, and I do appreciate all the things you've said. But like Rowan pointed out, charging does not happen after getting that message. Dismissing it doesn't magically make the cable work for charging and/or syncing. This will be a REAL problem as it would ruin the entire point of backing and owning this product. I have a number of unofficial cables which bring up this warning message! I am on ios7 Gold Master and after dismissing these messages am still unable to use the cables! I do not remember reading anywhere that these cases were only meant to be used in 'emergency' situations and believe like probably many others that these cases would be hassle free charging tools? If we will be presented with a warning message, how can you be confided they will continue to charge if not fully authorised by Apple? So... iOS 7 doesn't allow lightning cables that are not authorized. Is the ZoPro going to be FULLY authorized so that we can actually use the product? If not, you're going to have 389 people revolt. I'm already annoyed at how long it's taken and have been without a case on my phone because I put false hope in this project almost a year ago. Apple have posted the official iPhone 5s schematics so nothing to stop production now? So would be nice not to have to wait a full year before we receive our cases! <url>"The next day". Uh, feel like letting us in on that decision? Any update ? Please When are we expecting an update? iphone 5 cases area meant to be send out next month and the 4/4s cases still haven't been sent out? At the very least we deserve an update! @David Just be a little more patience. but honestly if they told us it would take this long, i would still order it. its a great idea. Just hope it still gets made. So still no update on 4/4S? Past due After waiting for more than a month, the 4/4S backers definitely do not deserve no product. We've upheld our end of the agreement. If nothing else, I would still like to obtain the lenses. Even if you refund all of us 4/4S-ers. Perhaps that would be a better compromise then sending us nothing at all. We supported a project that reached its funding goal, you knew before the project ended how many 4S backers there where and yet you still took our money and promised a Christmas delivery date than a January delivery date. Now they may not be made at all? That's poor business tactics in my opinion, no matter how much of a "hit" you'll take you need to honor your commitment to us. You sold us a 4S case and we deserve to receive the product. Our responsibility was to pledge and pay, we held up our end you should hold up yours no exceptions. I will be furious if after all this time and delays you refund the 4S backers. I was one of the first people to pledge, and I spread the word to many websites. Your backers aren't at fault in this and shouldn't be punished for false commitments. If refunds are issued I as well as most backers will be extremely disappointed, hope that isn't what the group decides on. Christmas gift turn in to valentines gift. What a fail. This user's account has been deleted. Getting close to the 15th..... If the news about the 4 is that you are not going to produce it, please don't drag this out. Just let us know and issue refunds. 1 month since the last update. Any news? updates for first backer rewards? My iphone 4s was lonely this christmas. any news on the iphone 5 cases? Just a quick question, after we receive the case and want to purchase the lenses or other accessories, will we be able to? This user's account has been deleted. Any idea when we will get this? (first backer iphone 4s).......... Since you guys moved the date back. WooHoo! Funding complete! Cannot wait to get this case! Congrats, guys! Super excited to back this. I love kick starter and I back frequent projects and I'm very excited about this one. Keep up the good work. We will get the Zopro before christmas if we got the "first backer award" ? Cool beans. Last question. Is there any chance that it will come earlier then Feb? Hi Adam. I would like to get the handle mount. How do i indicate that i would like one? I have the First Backer Reward for the iPhone 4S (December delivery) do we get to pick a color? Or is the first batch Black only? (The blue looks awesome) Thanks Congrats on passing your goal! no problem, these cases are going to be awesome! congrats on reaching your goal!! i cant wait to get my case in December Congratulations, guys! Can't wait til February!! We we get the Zopro for the iphone 4s before christmas? -David $15,061...congrats on reaching your goal! would love to get my hands on this case and camera attachments in time for my trip at the end of february. are you able to source the lightning components in time? Hey quick question, I just received to emails from Amazon that I pledged $60 twice, can you check and see if that is the case, I only wanted to pledge once. I checked amazon and it showed no record because there has been no money taken out yet until you are fully funded. I would appreciate any help with this matter. I look forward to the success of your product. It's extremely rare to see a an amazing design that is both sleek and incredibly functional. WOW!!!! PS. The charging cable is just the icing on the cake considering how quickly the i5 seems to eat up juice! Hi Joe, Very much looking forward to this. I think it's one of the best solutions for iphoneographers to have a case and various lenses integrated into one unit that I've seen so far. Congratulations, and I'm looking forward to getting my i5 case in the new year. Since you were so kind to respond i have one more question. The magnet on the back looks like it has grooves for the lens to fall into. I have a hard time with lining up the lens to the sticky iphone magnet. Does this snap in place for a perfectly lines up photo and is the magnetic hold nice and strong (comparable to the usual sticky magnet)? Thanks Joe! Would it be crazy to ask for a case with just the magnetic lens part and no cable? I have been hunting for a magnetic case for awhile now. Thank you for the Great project! The Upgrade proof package is for people that have an iphone 4/4S but think they will eventually get an iPhone 5. So it includes (2) cases, one for a 4/4S and one iphone 5 case but only one set of accessories (tripod mount w/ handle and both lens). I dont understand the 70 dollar reward. what is an upgrade proof? Will delivery in dec be really possible? Since funding ends in dec itself only. Also, regarding the tripod mount, is I possible to attach the phone with cover to the magnetic strip in portrait orientation too? Most pics here show it in landscape position on the tripod mount only. Thanks Thanks for the reply! I'm so happy and grateful as I got in for the $50 reward as the last person! 1 of 50 left when I bought it! I usually miss out on the best deals on kickstarter! Will we get the choice of the case colour or will we all get black? Thank you! This looks like an amazing product, keeping my fingers crossed that this will get funded so I can get my hands on one! If this is successful when do we get charged? Thank you!