We have some good news today. ANDROID BETA: We are launching an Android beta app on the Google Play store here: <url>"early adopter rate" for a limited time: one stage costs $60 (+ free shipping in the US). Of course, your stage will ship only after we finish fulfilling all of the rewards for this campaign, around late June. Best, Arqball Team We can't thank you enough for your incredible support, not just in these last 72 hours, but over the entire campaign. This belongs to you as much as it does to us. Thank you! In our studio you can hear the lathe spinning up right now and smell melting solder (and a bit of champagne)... Mike DeBoer, your pledge pushed us over the line. Please send us a picture of yourself to <email>. We want to print it and hang it in our office :) Again, congrats EVERYONE, way to go! Some days were down days. That is so disheartening. But this past 72hr period was unpredictably joyful. We studied many other KS campaigns and had come to the conclusion that our campaign would fail. This morning, we understood the power of social media. WOW! We raised over 5K since midnight! We now need less than $800 to reach our mark. Thanks as always for your incredible support. Buckle up for the excitement and help us spread the word: there are only 3 short hours left to participate in our campaign. Best, The Arqball Spin Team Esteemed Backers, We want to thank you all for the incredible support you've showed this past month. We raised 5K in the last 24 hours!! Your enthusiastic feedback and excitement has made all of this worth the effort. Whatever happens over the next 24 hours, we can assure you that we will find a way to begin selling and shipping stages soon and that you'll be at the head of our list. That said, reaching our funding goal through this campaign would certainly be the ideal way of making that happen :) So we are asking all of you for more help. Please continue to share our campaign with family, friends, and colleagues. We need to raise another 7K in the next 24 hours. It sounds big, but you've done that for us before! Thanks again! raining/pouring! This morning, @zrdavis wrote a story about Arqball and our co-founder Jason Lawrence in the TechCocktail blog here . Readers of that story get to see a picture of Jason during the " Movember campaign. " [Yes Jason, I specifically linked your name to that picture to give google images a helping hand :)] Then, PandoDaily decided to echo it. And as a result, we've found almost as many new backers today as yesterday. A last minute race is fantastic. It adds much needed drama to life. We are really impressed by the recent rally of supporters. Where did y'all come from? Feel free to send us messages on your "backer stories;" we are definitely interested. The NEWS this week is that we've placed an order for 500 stepper motors from the Ningbo Leison motor company. We will soon place orders for 500 aluminum housings, PCBs, switches, battery holders etc. In other words, no matter how this campaign ends, we are going to produce at least 500 of these stages to "seed" the world with devices to produce spins. Although we are not getting the price breaks we wanted for larger quantities, we plan to satisfy all of the orders placed so far in the campaign. The great people at SlingShot, another campaign on Kickstarter, made a spin of their incredibly cool handheld tripod and video stabilizer using one of our stages: SlingShot Spin Read the full post here , which includes a nice photo showing their setup. The SlingShot has a beautifully simple design and is built to be rugged, portable, and it fits ANY smartphone. You can either use it as a hand-held video stabilizer or as a compact table-top tripod. Among it's many other users, it's clearly a great way to keep your camera phone still while you capture a spin! Please check out the SlingShot campaign if you haven't already. Warm Regards, Arqball Spin Team We’re only a week into our Kickstarter campaign and already are almost 50% funded. Thanks so much for your support! We were surprised by how quickly the Limited Edition stages sold out, and there are only three more left at the $200 level! So we are adding new rewards to give more options now that these are closed. $110—two stages of your color choice $225—five stages in colors of your choice We have created some fun spins of ourselves in our studio, and people absolutely love them! We’ve added one very special reward at $1500 to come hang out with us in Charlottesville and create your own personal spin, just like the one here of co-founder Jason Lawrence: <url>