I has been almost 2 years since our last update, please let me explain. Baboomi was always a real thing. We had the design and we wanted to produce it, but we were wrong. More specifically - I was wrong. I always thought Baboomi was an amazing idea until we ran into money problems and we knew we couldn't complete it for every backer. It is as simple as that. We held onto the extra money in hopes we could figure out a way to handle it. We did not. Out of embarrassment I did not update and I regret that extremely. I should not have kept the backers in the dark. We refunded people who asked. I hate that anyone felt cheated by us. I never wanted this to happen. I truly thought we had a great product that could really help people. But, we messed up and we need to fix it. I am asking that anyone who wants a refund please email me with a current method of payment. We are extending this to 2 years from this update to reimburse everyone fully - any money after that will be donated to charity and a breakdown will be posted here. The reimbursement will include fees that you payed to any third party websites like Paypal. I want to once again apologize. If you have any questions, please let me know. Seriously - to all of our backers, the community and Kickstarter itself - I am sorry. I will fix this. Please let me know if you want to talk with me. -Ethan Byrd I have received many messages with questions that you backers want answered. However, most people don't seem interested in a livestream as long as a video is posted, so, I think it is for the best that we just post a video and make it a whole lot easier! I got some great questions and I have a lot of cool Baboomi stuff to show you guys so look out for the video posted either tonight or tomorrow. If you have any more questions or concerns you want to be covered in the video, please let me know very soon so I can include it! Per several final requests, the livestream will be this Sunday (June 15) at 7pm EST. The video will be posted very shortly afterward. I'm sorry I keep changing the date, but there are several people who really want to be active during the stream and I am really trying to fit their schedules. If you want to ask a question live but may not be there, please send me a message or leave a comment here. We will be showing and talking about everything we have so far so please tune in if you can. I'm still working on which service to use, so let me know if you have any suggestions. Again, sorry for all the updates pertaining to this - it is just really important for us that those who want to tune in are able to. Ethan I have gotten several emails from backers saying that a Saturday livestream is not ideal for them. We are now planning for Tuesday evening. Does this work for everyone? Feedback would be very appreciated because we want as many people as possible to see this. Ethan Here are the pictures of our awesome beta units! We will be sending out the survey this week to get the shipping information! Now, we have had some minor delays. Let me explain: Baboomi started out as a rough idea. We made a functional prototype, but it was only that, a prototype. It was just something that we wanted to use ourselves and hopefully get some people interested. Now that we have so many orders, we want to make Baboomi the absolute best it can possibly be. We have been meticulous in the design of the circuitry over the past 3 months. Redesigning, testing, redesigning and testing. Now, we finally have a Beta Unit we are proud of. It is a hard thing for us to swallow, but, we feel like it is so much more important to send a quality product that will be perfect, rather than something rushed. We have been slow and I sincerely apologize. Baboomi is the hardest thing we have ever done, and we are not finished yet. Our Beta units are scheduled to be shipped out within the next 3 weeks. But what is the point of the Beta units if we don't use the feedback we gather to improve the design and functionality of our final shipped unit? This is why we must wait until late April or early May to ship our production units. I apologize for this, but there is no other way for us to ensure a quality product. I have a HUGE favor to ask from our backers: Let me chat with you 1 on 1. Hear me out. Baboomi is a complicated device. It has many features that solve problems for many different kinds of people. I want to know why YOU want one. Knowing this will help us make Baboomi the perfect alarm system. We will be able to focus more on the features people want. If you are interested in this, please add me on Skype at <email> . I will not be asking any questions at all about demographics, simply why you are interested in Baboomi, what features you want the most and any other ideas you have. You can also ask me any question you want. There is no limit to the amount of people I will chat with! I'll chat with all of you if you want! I hope this will enable us to really make Baboomi better. More on the Beta units: They will be shipped to you with a very preliminary app. There will be limited graphics, just gritty and beautiful functionality. We will need to make changes to the code drastically and often I am sure, so graphics will just get in the way for now (don't worry they are coming). One of the biggest design hurdles of Baboomi was an intuitive and innovative way to control the Baboomi - one to match the drastically new way of waking up. We are of course doing a timeline based system and an event based system, but they will need to be hammered out with all of our tester's feedback. The Beta unit will also be sent out with a Qi charging pad and not a base to make it much easier to charge for now. (The final unit will still have a base of course) We will be in heavy correspondence with all of you since you are such a low number. We will be asking you many questions about what you think so be ready! We are still so excited about Baboomi and continue to work very hard to make it a reality. Please bear with us as we work through the challenges of creating the most innovative alarm system on the market, Humbly yours, Ethan Hello everyone, sorry for the delay in an update! We really didn't want to post anything until we had some solid news for you! The year so far has been crazy busy for us, but we have made great progress. First of all, we are on track to be shipping our beta units by the end of the month! This means we will be sending out the shipping survey very soon. This survey will also include the vote for the extra color tier that you guys unlocked! Also, the Baboomi team will be at the Rome, GA Confluence technology conference. We will have a fully functional unit to show off to the public and we will be making extensive videos at that time to show you guys! We hope you are still as excited as we are! Ethan Hey Backers! We don't have much to report this week as we are still crunching numbers and finalizing designs. We plan on showing off the functionality of Baboomi in detail next month with videos and possibly a live Q&amp;A if you guys would be interested. We are also going to be bringing on a few more people to the team to make sure Baboomi is the best it can be. I really look forward to introducing them to you soon. The future of Baboomi is looking brighter each and every day and it all started with you guys! As for the backer surveys, we will be sending them out once we are nearing our ship date so that if some of our backers change addresses between now and then, they won't have to worry about updating them with us. Like always, we are only a message or a comment away! We love to hear from you guys! Ethan Byrd Hey everyone! I hope you are all well! We are going to start doing an update at least once a week. Some will be big and some will be small, but we just want to make sure we keep you guys up to date on exactly what we are up to! We have been extremely busy working on getting our final designs together and ordering parts. It has been so exciting working on a product that so many people are excited about getting! We are going to be posting pictures and videos in the future that shows off our development progress so stayed tuned! Just because the campaign is over doesn't mean we don't want to hear from you! As always, if you have ANY questions, comments or concerns whatsoever, please don't hesitate to contact us. We love getting feedback from our backers! Have a great rest of the week! Ethan Baboomi is going to be a reality! ALL thanks to you guys! Seriously, thanks so much for believing in the project and making it happen! We believe that you will all grow to love your Baboomi, and it will change the way you think about mornings! We will be switching to a weekly update schedule very soon but you can ALWAYS reach out to us for any questions, concerns or comments you may have. We'll never forget that it was YOU guys that made this happen. Please don't hesitate to let us know your thoughts - we promise to always be honest with you! The ordering and building process has officially begun! Yours, Ethan Byrd You guys have been fantastic. Thank you so much for backing and believing in the project. We have reached $40,000 and this means we will be adding sleep analytics to the official Baboomi app! This will include features such as: Statistics: how much you sleep, when you wake up the most, when you go to sleep the most etc. Sleep Quality: How much you move in the night (ever wondered how much of a restless sleeper you really are?) How long it takes you to get to sleep? Live Updates: Baboomi will be able to tell how lightly or heavily you are sleeping at any given moment. The Baboomi Automatic Alarm: Tell Baboomi a window when you want to wake up and it will use statistics it has gathered + live updates to wake you up at the perfect time. This will be completely dynamic and individualized! We will be releasing more details about this feature in the coming weeks! We are super excited about making Baboomi the best alarm system possible. As pointed out by many of our backers, sleep analytics with an automatic, personalized alarm will help us make Baboomi reach its full potential. Let us know your thoughts! Thank you so much for all of your support. This would not have happened without you, and we promise that the Baboomi will make your mornings so much better. Help spread the word these last few days! Hey guys! I have a really big annoucement! We are going to be partnering with SHADOW to make a very special version of Baboomi! These guys are doing great things with their technology and we are super excited about working with them. Check it all out over at their page: <url>