Hi guys! Iron Harvest, our upcoming real-time strategy game currently on Kickstarter, has been funded in less than 36 hours! Now we try to reach as many of our stretch-goals as possible. If you haven’t backed the project yet, your help would be very appreciated. Please check out our campaign at <url>"The Dwarves" is a fantasy RPG based on the novel with of same name. Have a look! <url>’s been a while, but here’s another update. It’s not about Battle Worlds: Kronos (although we’ll have news on that matter for you in a few weeks…), but about our next Kickstarter campaign. The Dwarves The Dwarves is a fantasy RPG with physics-based combat and an intriguing story. We’re working hard on the game and there will be a Kickstarter, starting September 1st. It would be great if you could support us once again. You can find screenshots, a first trailer, and more info here: <url>’s an RPG with a whole lot of freedom and should be one of the most promising RPGs of next year. <url>’t have enough press coverage or the team made a mistake when they designed the campaign page and the pitch video. We want to give something back to the Kickstarter community, so we're working on a project that should help smaller developers to make their crowdfunding campaign a success. We need you to help get our project into the right direction. So we prepared a little survey, that you can access here: <url>"Thank you!" we will give away three Steam keys for The Book of Unwritten Tales 2. Just provide your email address at the end of the survey for a chance to win a key. Your KING Art team The iOS &amp; Android versions of Battle Worlds: Kronos are finally available in the App-Store and Google Play Store respectively. Wo-hoo! In the first week the price will be $9.99 and $14.99 after that. Please spread the word about the release. The more people buy the game TODAY, the better our chances to get recognized and featured by Apple and Google. So please let as many people as possible know about it! And if you like it, please write a review/rate the game. Many thanks from us in advance! Free for backers! As a backer you can get the new versions for free, of course! This is how: You’re going to get an e-mail from us (subject: “Your Key for Battle Worlds: Kronos on iOS/Android” ); If you haven't received the mail within the next 24 hours, let us know (please check your spam folder first). In this e-mail you find your personal key (or more than one, depending on your pledge-level) Go to: <url>“Redeem a game key” and enter the key. Now open the App Store or the Google Play Store on your tablet. Search the “Lite” version of BW:K (a free “demo version” featuring only one singleplayer and one multiplayer level). Download and run this version. As soon as you log-in (in-game) with your account (the one you redeemed the key for), the free version will be automatically upgraded to the “full version”. Attention: For some unknown reasons the iOS “Lite” version has not yet been released by Apple. We think it’s going to be online later today. Attention: The game has been optimized for tablets (but it may run on strong smartphones as well). It needs a device with at least 1GB of memory. Have fun! BoUT2 Chapter 3 Released! The third and probably darkest chapter of our point-and-click adventure "The Book of Unwritten Tales 2" is online on Steam Early Access! If you haven’t bought the game yet, then… well… you should! ;-) <url>’ve started the final (?) test round today. Our plan is to release both versions end of October (depends in parts on Apple &amp; Google). We’re still working on the graphics. This is what we have so far: What do you think? Blackguards Discount Our friends at Daedalic asked us if we’re interested in giving you guys a discount on their turn-based RPG "Blackguards". Of course we are! If you own Battle Worlds: Kronos ON STEAM, you’ll find a coupon in your Steam Inventory until 29th September 2014 which you can use to save 66% on your purchase of Blackguards from Daedalic. Nice Deal, isn’t it? PS: This cooperation works the other way around, too! If you own Blackguards, you’ll have a coupon in your inventory to save 66% on your purchase of Battle Worlds: Kronos. <url>’re getting close to the release of four additional versions of Battle Worlds: Kronos. iOS (iPad) Android Browser OUYA You want to see all four versions in action? Take a look! <url>’s feedback we should be able to release all versions in the next couple of weeks! KING Art behind-the-scenes We’re working on another big project at the moment, the second part of our point-and-click adventure game series “The Book of Unwritten Tales”. As part of the development we’re releasing “behind-the-scenes” videos (again, thanks to our Kickstarter backers ). If you want to have a look at what we’re doing besides making Battle Worlds: Kronos, go ahead! <url>#001: Danica meets her new colleagues Vlog #002: The KING Art office Vlog #003: Location design Shout out If you're interested in point-and-click adventures... this is for you: A beautiful hand made adventure: <url>’ve been able to constantly improve the game over the last six months. Here’s an overview of what has happened since the release: Trains DLC … Add-on … Thing A big stretch goal was the development of the free DLC named „Trains“. The small DLC turned into more of a small add-on with about 15 hours of play time just for the single-player mode. Here’s what the add-on has to offer: And here’s a trailer with the whole thing in motion: <url>…if you own the KING Art version, it will be automatically updated by the launcher. …if you own the GoG version, you can start downloading the updated version right now (your savegames remain umimpaired). Please share! We’d be really happy if you could spread the word about the add-on and Battle Worlds as wide as possible. This week the game is available at a reduced price on Steam and GoG and the add-on is a good opportunity to get new players enthusiastic about BWK! Shout Outs An exciting adventure game from an experienced team with established technology. This deserves support! <url>– Beta 1 We’ve started an early beta for the Trains DLC and are looking for volunteers to test it. The test version will for now only be available via Steam for PC, and contains the first two missions. Find out more about it here: <url>’t have a Steam version, send us a message and we’ll provide you with a key. The Book of Unwritten Tales 2 – Just a few hours left! Our Kickstarter for „The Book of Unwritten Tales 2“ is only running for a few more hours. If you want to be part of it, better hurry up! <url>„Trains DLC Update“. As always: Your game should be updated automatically (via Battle Worlds Launcher or Steam). Improved, scalable UI We’ve updated our UI system. The biggest feature is a new option in the settings that allows you to scale the UI up to 200% of its normal size. So if you’re using a very high resolution or you want to play on your television you should be fine now. Other improvements include: Better text input (copy &amp; paste, navigation in text fields) Hotkey for “End Turn” Hotkey for “Display unit info permanently” Option to disable the auto chat-login Let us know if everything works! Better Performance We had some performance issues on OpenGL Systems (Mac &amp; Linux). We tweaked a couple of things and the performance should be noticeably better on all systems, but especially on Mac and Linux. High quality settings: Only minor improvements here Medium quality: You should notice a substantial performance improvement here Low quality: Substantial performance improvements (New) Very low quality: This is a new, very fast set of settings On our low specs Mac test system the performance went up from ~15-20 fps to 30-40 fps in Medium quality. Depending on your system your experience may differ. Please let us know how the performance changed. Many small things &amp; Bug fixes AI for air raid defense turrets and guard towers fixed Fixed tooltip hide/unhide units The unit info now shows the amount of mines a unit carries Buildings no longer hinder movement Now units turn their turrets when attacking (where applicable) The "Next Unit" and "Sleep" Buttons no longer open the transporter screen Fixed a bug when a mine was deployed next to a hidden unit Fixed a bug where hidden units had been visible for the enemy while they were moving Fixed a bug when loading savegames from the main menu Loca updates for it, fr, es, rus Changelog: <url>’re working on at the moment The BoUT2 Kickstarter has no negative effect on the Battle Worlds: Kronos production. There are three things we’re working on at the moment: 1. New UI System (scalable): The smallest thing we’re working on is a better UI System with more comfort features and the ability to scale the UI and texts. A lot of people asked for it and we need something like that for the console version anyway. We’re going to release an update featuring the UI next week or the week after, together with some bug fixes and small tweaks. 2. The trains DLC: There are trains! And you can move them. You can add and detach wagons from a train and the canons and rocket launchers rotate when you attack. All that stuff was pretty tricky to implement because there were no “multi-field units”, no units that are dragged over the map by other units and so on. But now everything is up and running and we started making the first maps. 3. The iOS &amp; Android versions: Due to low system performance on mobile devices we had to rewrite a good chunk of code and use more 2D assets to get a decent frame rate on iOS and Android. A basic version of the game runs fine now and we hope we’ll be able to show you a first glimpse of the mobile version in a couple of weeks. Shout outs Great adventure game from a great developer ;-) <url>’t need to download it separately. All info on how to create your own maps for Battle Worlds can be found here: <url>"Desert Oasis": Improvements in the positioning of streets and units Multiplayer Map "Radars": Adjustments in the positioning of radars, as well as the number of units Shout outs Final Fantasy Tactics anyone? <url>ÆRENA is a challenging turn-based game that looks absolutely gorgeous! Like Battle Worlds: Kronos it features cross-platform tactical combat. So go check it out! <url>’s a cool looking 2D Cyberpunk RPG: <url>"beta"). But with the help of some committed community members we've found and fixed a lot of bugs and we'll keep a close eye on problems. Today we've released a new version. That version should fix the problems we learned about since the last version and we've included ingame error messages for problems related to network problems. Please keep reporting bugs if you encounter any! This is the change-log: AI tries to make moves in a more "natural" order that will reduce the amount of "back and forth scrolling-jumps" Connection problems in multiplayer will now display an error message Fixed a bug where multiplayer games could be permanently corrupted on connection loss Fixed a bug where units driving out of the Fog of War in fast-forward mode would not become visible Mines don't count as destroyed units anymore Anti-air turrets don't receive XP anymore Fixed a number of GUI related issues Fixed a bug where the UI would mention the flank bonus to be 15% instead of 25% Changing e-mail address is possible now! If you want to change the e-mail address you are registered with, you can do so now. 1. Log in to <url>"Account" 3. Click on "Change email" -Enter new email and click submit =&gt; You’ll receive an email to your old email address 4. Click the link in the email or copy it and paste it into your browser. The link starts with "<url>" =&gt; The email is changed now and you can use it to log in to the website and the game. Swaping KING Art keys to Steam or GoG Keys is possible now! Some of you asked if it’s possible to swap KING Art keys for Steam or GoG keys. It wasn’t possible, but now it is IF… …you backed the game on Kickstarter (digital version or physical version) OR …you bought the game in our shop pre-launch Please note: As soon as you swapped your KING Art key for another key, the KING Art key is no longer valid and you can’t swap back! If you want to use a Steam/GoG version in the future instead of the KING Art version, please do the following: 1. Log in to <url>"Your Vouchers" Area and use the King Art voucher you want to convert. Click one of the Convert Links: either "Convert to Steam" or "Convert to Good old Games (Mac &amp; PC only)" =&gt; Find your new key on the website and in an email sent to you Shipment These are the rewards our friends at Crimson Cow carefully boxed and shiped all over the world during the last weeks. ...and this is how it looked like for Joshua after shipment -.- (Of course he'll get a new one as fast as possible.) If there are any problems with your physical edition, please contact us at shipment@battle-worlds.com Launch Patch We’ve released a patch this morning that should fix the following problems: Fixed a bug where the menu would remain unresponsive for several seconds after starting the game. Fixed a bug where the game would continue to scroll the view despite the right mouse button not being pressed. Fixed a bug where multiplayer games did no longer show up in the Multiplayer Hub. Fixed a bug that prevented the unlimitted shootbacks upgrade to function properly. Fixed a bug that caused noticeable input lag and sound stuttering when issuing a move order to a selected unit. Fixed a bug that allowed players to toggle through enemy units with Tab that should be concealed by the fog of war. Steam achievements are now granted regardless of whether the user is logged in with his KING Art account. The minimum supported screen resolution has been lowered to 1024 x 768. Fixed a number of localization bugs in several languages. Various smaller UI tweaks. Tweaks in several single player maps. „I didn’t receive a key“ / „I don’t get a selection where to get the game from“ Some of you can’t see a "Your Vouchers" area above "Your Games" when visiting <url>’t show up, there’s a high probability that you used email address A on Kickstarter or in our shop, but registered with email B on <url>’t know what (or if) you have backed/bought. If the email address you have used back then (!) at Kickstarter or in the shop is different to the one you used now on <url>’re a Kickstarter backer) or your order number (if you have backed/bought it in our shop) We will try to process all of your inquiries till tomorrow. Sorry, that it took so long to identify the problem. Unfortunately it can’t be fixed with the push of a button, but an employee has to check each inquiry and merge the different accounts/email addresses by hand. Editor Update Some users had problems launching the editor on some non-english operating systems. We’ve fixed the problem and updated the editor. You can get the editor here: <url>’s guide in our forums: <url>“version” file. It should look something like this for all “Non-Steam-Versions”: And something like this for Steam versions: Where can I find… …the Special Editions bonus content on Steam (Soundtrack, Extended Manuals)? -&gt; [steam installation folder]\SteamApps\common\BattleWorldsKronos\SpecialContent …the Special Edition bonus content from KING Art/GoG Versions? -&gt; Go to <url>’s a huge problem for us because a good game isn’t enough when nobody knows about it. Our best chance to get attention at the moment might be a “grassroots movement”. If you’re active in forums or groups or anything like that: Please make a post and spread the word about our game. Other projects you might find interesting From one of the creators of one of our favorite RPGs (Planescape Torment): <url>’t handle thousands of you trying out everything at once. We switched to a bigger server and everything seems to be running fine now. We’re going to release a patch later today for Mac und Linux because some players have difficulty to log-in for multiplayer. And we’re working hard on answering all support questions. On a more positive note: The launch was very successful! We were in the Steam top 10 for a very long time, sometimes even in the top 4 (only behind some obscure little titles, nobody in the office knew). Steam &amp; GoG Keys, Manuals &amp; Soundtracks Steam: A lot of backers who backed box-editions and received a “KING Art key” from us asked if they could get a Steam key instead. That wasn’t the plan, but since Steam is pretty generous when it comes to keys, we’ll give you the opportunity to swap the keys in one or two weeks (as soon as the launch stress is over). GoG: One day later than planned Battle Worlds is available on Good-old-Games (DRM free). But you can only get the "standard edition" there, not the bigger version (with the "Extended Manual" and the "Weapon’s Manual"). So if you backed a bigger version than the standard version, the GoG option wasn’t displayed for you on our portal. We changed that. Now you CAN choose GoG, even when you’ve backed a higher tier. You’ll receive the standard version from GoG and get the "Extended Manual", the "Weapon’s Manual" and the Soundtrack as a separate download at <url>’ll now find the Extended Manual, the Weapon’s Manual and the Soundtrack in the "My Games" section at our portal ( <url>’ll continue working on the editor to make it more user-friendly. So we’re looking forward to your feedback. But of course we’re even more excited about playing the first user-generated maps! Together with you we’d like to gather all information regarding Battle Worlds: Kronos and the editor in a Wiki ( <url>’s the best way to share information. If you’re interested in posting articles, translating them or the like, please leave us a note here: <url>’re following some journalists, bloggers or “let’s players” or other influential people on Twitter or Facebook? Or you’re active in a forum or the like? Please let them know that you’re interested in the game and that it’s worth a look. And please continue to link &amp; share our “Thank you / Crowd-funding” video! A lot of people seem to like it and we think it’s important to show a crowd-funding project that actually worked. There’s too much negative reporting about crowd-funding out there at the moment. <url>’re feeling young again! :D <url>… In short: Please help us spread the word. 3. Go to <url>"sorry" to the GoG-fans we'll add the soundtrack for free. 4. Download the game and have fun! If you backed a boxed version (physical reward) you'll get an email in the next few hours with a temporary code that's valid until your box arrives. What’s up next In the next couple of days we’ll work hard on letting as many people as possible know about BW:K. And we’ll have a close look at all the forums to identify problems. Depending on the problems there will be a patch later this week or early next week. After that: Next week: League/Ladder system. We had some problems with the multiplayer in the last days and didn’t feel confident to put the insufficiently tested league into the launch version. We’d like to see if everything works well with the launch version first and then add the league next week. Later this month: The browser version. This year: A couple of new maps from us (and hopefully dozens of cool maps from you guys!) Early 2014: The iOS and Android versions. After that: The Ouya version and maybe other console versions. Our plan is to keep working on BW:K fulltime for a while. So the launch isn’t the end, it’s a new beginning. Please tell others about Battle Worlds. The more successful the game is, the longer we can work on it and improve it! The game will be released next Monday, November 4th, around 3 o’clock in the afternoon CET (that’s 9 o’clock in the morning EST). Fine. But how and where do I get it? …if you backed a digital version (via Kickstarter or our shop): You'll receive an e-mail from us as soon as the game is available. And there will be another Kickstarter update as well, so you can't miss it. In that mail and that update there will be a link to our games portal. There you can choose where you want to get the game from: Us, Steam or Good-old-Games (GoG). You make your choice and you'll get your Steam-code or your GoG download link or our key (depending on your choice). Then you can download the release-version of the game and have fun (hopefully!) ;-) …if you backed a physical version (via Kickstarter or our shop): As described in the last update we’ve been sending out boxes all week. Depending on where you're located and if there are any problems with customs and things like that, you might have the game on Monday or a couple of days later. BUT regardless of whether you pledged for the physical version or not, you can play in any case. As soon as the game has been released (see above), you'll get an email with a code and a download link, so you can play the game until your box version arrives. …if you bought the game in our shop after September 7th (=after the funding period): As soon as the game has been released (see above), you’ll get an email with a code and a download link. In other news: New version &amp; localizations A new version is online since yesterday. We fixed some bugs and added all languages. If you find any bugs in the localization, please report them here: <url>… let's say… we'll try it again today. (There were some new bugs in the multiplayer that took a couple of days to fix.) The new version is up, the old matches are gone and the multiplayer worked fine in our internal tests. Please let us know if you encounter any problems. Physical goods Meanwhile, we have begun the process of preparing, packing and sending out backer reward shipments. In order to keep costs low, we decided early on to do all this ourselves and not rely on an external company to handle these tasks, as we want to give you the most bang for your buck, as it were, and not spend more fees on a fulfillment company. This basically means that the Hamburg part of this operation is currently submerged under all the games, goodies and boxes, with every surface covered with something that will go around the world to a backer in one of over 30 countries. Naturally, not all of the 1000 or so boxes will leave our offices in one go. We’ve started the process on Friday when the games arrived from the factory, and will probably be done by this weekend. This means that not everybody will receive their package at the exact same time, especially since worldwide shipping takes longer than European or even German shipping. Here is a breakdown of what is happening: Every backer will be able to digitally access the full version on Release Day. Every backer whose package has been shipped should receive an email with a tracking number, if the supplied email is correct. You can then follow the status of your shipment online. We are currently preparing customs documents for outside-of-EU shipments. If we run into problems with those, there might be a slight delay of a day or so for international packages going outside the EU, but we don’t anticipate any right now. The order of shipping will depend on the reward tier: we are packing all boxes of one reward tier and then move on to the next. Shipping time within Germany is about 2-3 days, within Europe it should be 4-5 days max. Outside EU shipping takes about 10-12 days. Keep in mind, as with other Kickstarter campaigns, that it is possible that customs might be interested in your package and hold it back for inspection etc. for a few more days. So, this is the current planning for the shipping. We believe this is the fastest possible way to send these out. The most important point is, that every backer can play the game on release day. Digital versions, next steps We're working with Steam, GoG.com and others to get the game online. We'll ask every one of you who ordered a digital reward if you want to have this reward directly from us, from Steam or from GoG.com . We'll write mails, we'll program an online form and we'll make a Kickstarter update just for that. So hopefully this time everything runs smoother than with the Alpha/Beta keys. Stay tuned for that! Beta 2.1 out now, multiplayer reset There will be the first Beta 2 update in a couple of minutes. We had some issues with the multiplayer but we think we’ve fixed it. In order to not have old and corrupted multiplayer matches in the game, we reset the database. So all old games are gone but from now on the new games should work properly. Here's the change log: Multiplayer issues fixed New and stronger colors for units and buildings New and better visible UI elements on the map Buildings now occupy more than one field (so you can click anywhere on a building to select it/to enter it and so on) AI "fast-forward" Improved sounds Chat issues fixed Some improved unit animations &amp; effects Various UI and usability improvements Something like 50 bug fixes Battle Worlds Academy Video No. 4 – Multiplayer Earlier this month single player was our focus (finishing the campaigns and so on). This week and next week we’ll work on improving the multiplayer and starting the league. Here’s what we’re gonna do: <url>… and we do. But thanks to a good deal with our friends over at toneworx we’re able to also offer an ITALIAN VERSION! So there will be seven full localizations available at launch! Wow! We designed the game in a way that enables us to easily add more languages. For every language there is a folder with a couple of easy to understand files. So we’re pretty confident that there will be additional fan-localizations of the game in the near future. Projects you might find interesting Very cool concept: <url>“Heroes of Might &amp; Magic”: <url>’s time for the big “2”! Here are some of the highlights: Background music and background sounds Driving sounds and other unit sounds (some of them not final yet) Fixed mission 4 (sorry about the bugs in the last version!) A new cutscene A preview of the first "Challenge Map" You can now request reinforcements from orbit, if a mission should be too hard Many new small features (e.g. a "Sleep" button for units) More than a hundred bugfixes – Beta 2 should be notably "smoother" than the last version German localization State of development Not all of what we've worked on in the last weeks is part of the Beta. Here's other things that happened: All campaign missions are finished. They are currently tested and improved by us and starting this week also by some testers from the community. All units, upgrades and unit abilities are implemented in the game. (You can look forward to camouflaged units, stunned units, Hackers taking over their opponent’s units, and much more!) All cutscenes are finished and have already been localized to all languages. The localization of the game from English to German was our test case for all the other localizations starting this week. We’ve written 120 (!) pages of manuals altogether (40 pages "Extended Manual" and 80 pages "Weapons Manual"). The coming weeks We've got a very busy week behind us, but the morale is high. The next weeks will be primarily about finding and eliminating bugs, and polish the game. We need your help for that! Please report any errors at <url>"Pain is temporary pride is forever!" ;-) Projects you might find interesting This one looks really impressive! <url>’ve fixed a lot of issues and added numerous features, a lot of them based on your feedback. You can find the changelog here: <url>"left/right mouse key controls" were very positive, so we’ll keep it. The biggest addition for Beta 1.2 might be Mission 04, the first big mission of the game, featuring ships and airplanes. Note: The dialogues are in German, all texts are being translated at the moment. There is also a new multiplayer map called "Forest Frontlines". As always: We’re looking forward to your feedback in our forum: <url>’re not backers, they can buy the game at www.battle-worlds.com They ’ll receive a beta code with their order confirmation. Physical editions Our friends over at Crimson Cow are handling the production of all Kickstarter rewards and all physical editions. We’ve seen a lot of the stuff on Wednesday. Boy, the Kickstarter editions and the German special edition / standard edition are going to be *really* great! We can’t wait to show you everything. You’ll love it! If some of your German, Austrian or Swiss friends would like to buy a German physical edition: <url>“RTS-like” left/right mouse button control: You select your units with the left and give orders with the right. It’s a big change and it’s tough to learn the new controls when you’re used to the old ones. But we think it’s worth it, because it eliminates some problems (for example accidentally deploying the artillery or accidentally moving a unit into a transport-unit). Let’s try it for two weeks or so and see if it’s better than the old concept. Leave your comments in the forum: <url>’re not backers, they can buy the game at www.battle-worlds.com They ’ll receive a beta code with their order confirmation. Projects you might find interesting Turn-based sci-fi game: <url>’re entitled to play the beta. You should receive an e-mail from us within the next 24 hours. In this e-mail you’ll find a key that you can add to your account at <url>’ll see you on the battle field! Enjoy! Beta 1 Video Well… there is none. Why? Because now it’s YOUR turn! Many people asked if they’re allowed to show stuff from the Alpha versions. We asked them not to release anything because the game just was too far from completion. Now it still is “work-in-progress”, obviously, but slowly everything is coming together. So feel free to make videos, screenshots, previews, let’s plays… you name it! Just three requests: - Please incorporate a disclaimer that the game is still in early beta. - Please link to our web-site www.battle-worlds.com or to our Facebook page <url>’re going to post links to the best ones in the forums and on our Facebook page. Shout outs As always: Some projects you might find interesting. - A turn-based hex-field game? We remember those… <url>"Battle Worlds: Kronos" at the GC in Cologne. We received great feedback and recharged our batteries for the last months of production. That's right: The last months. Battle Worlds: Kronos will be released in November for PC, Mac and Linux. But of course that won’t be the end of the story. After that we're going to work on the "Trains" DLC, on free maps and on the iOS and Android versions (including OUYA). So we’re going to work for at least another few months on Battle Worlds – and hopefully for much longer (depending on the success). Our GamesCom Trailer! Featuring the first peak of our in-game cutscenes! <url>’re an "Alpha Backer" ($75 or above), you'll find the update in your game launcher. If you haven't installed the launcher yet you can find it here <url>"Closed Beta" version of Battle Worlds: Kronos! Cool projects As always - some projects you might find interesting: Lovecraft in Berlin? Sweet! <url>… so here you go: <url>’t seem to be part of our code and needs more evaluation, there is currently no online multiplayer in the Mac version. We’re working on it but we didn’t want to push the Mac version another week or so, so we deactivated the online-multiplayer for now (you still can play hot-seat though). Both versions, Mac and Linux, didn’t have a lot of testing. So please post any bugs you encounter in the forum. (On one of our Linux systems we had performance issues, so extremely low frame rates are interesting for us). Map Testers Wanted! We’re looking for about 10-15 people who are interested in testing maps for us and giving us feedback before the maps are released. Good maps need a lot of iteration and you could really help making the game better (in returen the most active testers will be featured in the game’s credits). It’s not so much about bugs as about balancing. Our plan is to form 2 or 3 “test groups”. Mid/end of this month we’re going to send the first group a couple of maps, collect their feedback and suggestions, improve the maps and send them to the next group and so on. If you’re interested in helping us, please leave a comment in this thread: (English) <url>– but that doesn’t change anything for the first beta version, which will be available a week later or so (still this month). We just don’t feel comfortable to release a Beta with lots of new features before testing them with enough people in an Alpha. So the third Alpha will be sort of a test-run for the first Beta. Alpha 2 Is it as hot in your place as here in Germany? If you still don't want to lay in the sun, but crush a buddy on the battle field, we suggest you have a look at our brand-new "Battle Worlds: Kronos – Alpha 2"! <url>’t like). Most oft he unit upgrades are now available. Buildings can be captured. Combat mechanics have been revised: The results are similar, but in the background a lot has been optimized and stabilized in the long run. Unit info has been adjusted to the new combat system. We've received a lot of feedback on the first Alpha and integrated a great deal of your ideas. Thanks for your feedback! Keep it up! Among others we’ve changed/added the following features based on your feedback: Parallel movement/combat. This is a big one: Almost all actions in the game can now be executed in parallel. For example: Several units can now move simultaneously or you can start repairing unit B while unit A is still in combat. ATTENTION: This feature required big changes in the code. Please pay attention while you’re playing, whether there are situations/cases where the system doesn’t work correctly or causes problems! The range of fire of a unit can be displayed, as well as the minimum range (just let the cursur hover over the unit for a short time). Colors of the factions are now better to distinguish. Units are darkened, when they don’t have any more actions available. Amongst others we've fixed the following bugs due to your feedback: Tactical map is now "live" and updates with each action Tactical map displays terrain types Tactical map incorporates Fog of War Save &amp; Reload doesn't reset movement points Save &amp; Reload doesn't reset ammunition Artillery out of ammo stops shooting Flickering smoke has been fixed Button "Quit" doesn’t end the game without prompt any more BW:K Launcher / How to get the Alpha 2 If you're an ALPHA backer (pledge of $75 and above), you’ll get an email from us today with a link (or you just go back to the same site as last time, it’s the same link) ;-) On that site you can download our new "Battle Worlds: Kronos Launcher". It’s a small piece of software that keeps you up-to-date with new versions of the game. So there is no more manual downloading and installing necessary in the future. *** ATTENTION: Please delete EVERYTHING (including savegames) of the Alpha 1 before installing the Alpha 2. The old savegames are not compatible and would cause problems! *** Testing &amp; Feedback As you can see above, we pay close attention to your feedback. We were really impressed by how good the feedback on the last Alpha was (considering the fact that it didn’t contain a lot of game). Keep it up this way! Write your feedback in our forum and/or send it to us by email. We read your feedback and see if/how we can incorporate your ideas with the game. For the Alpha 2 the following aspects are especially important to us: Asynchronous Multiplayer: This is a huge and complex issue. About a million things could go wrong and we haven’t tested this feature extensively yet (because we only got finished with it a few days ago). Please play matches against different people and try to break the system! It is most important to us that errors are reproducible. If you encounter an error, please test if you can reproduce it and then send us “instructions” how to reproduce this error. Parallel actions: In the last version you simply and orderly gave one command after the other. In the new version of the game you can give many orders simultaneously, or rather in quick succession. Please pay attention whether this leads to reproducible problems. Balancing: The combat system, the movement range, the upgrades, etc. can only be balanced with the help of your feedback. What is your OVERALL impression? Are the units to fast or slow altogether? Are fights over too quick or do they take too long? Are there any SPECIFIC units that “don’t feel good” (e.g. because they are too strong or too weak)? The balancing will be our companion for several months to come. Therefore we don’t need detailed analyses yet, but opinions. We’ll take care of the rough adjustments first, while the fine-tuning follows later. Editor, Mac and Linux Our initial plan was to release the first version of the editor and Mac/Linux versions in the Alpha 2. We decided against it though, and will catch up on that in about two weeks. We practically worked on the Alpha 2 till the last day and didn't have the time to internally test the Mac and Linux versions. We don’t want to release them, before we are sure that they are working. And we've only started using the editor ourselves a short while ago and it isn't really user-friendly yet. It's enough for our purpose, but an outsider couldn't use it without detailed instructions. We want to invest some days to tidy up the editor, make it more user-friendly and write a how-to guide. Next steps The next weeks will be pretty stressful. We will work on the closed-beta, that we want to finish for the Gamescom in Cologne in about 4 weeks. At the Gamescom we’ll meet with journalists and publishers and will have four days filled to the brim with appointments. A big issue before the Gamescom are the cutscenes. Voice recordings are waiting tob e dealt with and we’re testing several low-budget motion-capturing and facial-capturing solutions. The other big issue is the AI. Thomas, our lead programmer, has started working on it. He’ll also become a father within the next weeks, so we constantly have to reckon with a spontaneous holiday. ;-) Hi Guys, While all the programmers and artists work hard on Battle Worlds: Kronos in Bremen, our creative director Jan Theysen is in the south, visiting Black Forest Games (Giana Sisters). There he met with Jan Klose of Deck13 (Ankh, Jack Keane, Venetica) and Jan Müller-Michaelis of Daedalic (Deponia, Edna &amp; Harvey) to… well… that’s another story. Completely coincidentally our friends from Black Forest Games started their new Kickstarter campaign Project Ravensdale while we were there ;-) Their Kickstarter video looks amazing – take a look! <url>’s only space for a short list here: The work on the game is progressing nicely – and no, we don’t need more money or more time. ;-) We’re within schedule with the Alpha 2 (Multiplayer). If nothing unexpected happens, the new version should be available in about 2 weeks. Today we’ve played the first proper multiplayer-match in our offices. Hooray! • This week we’re starting the development of the AI. Benny Oschmann, the composer for all our previous games and our Kickstarter-Trailer, has started working on the soundtrack. We have started level design for the campaigns and finished writing the cutscene texts for the first campaign. By the end of this week we’ll experiment with a marker-less motion-capture system. Perhaps we’ll record the cutscenes of the game with this system. Maybe we can show you a video of the process. The outfit suggested for the capturing looks hilarious! Here are some graphics we're working on Invaders Airbase Invaders Heavy Factory Invader Harbor (work-in-progress) Invaders Drop-Ship (work-in-progress) Some spaceship designs GamesCom Meetings &amp; Publishing Partners Our friends at Crimson Cow will release a box-version of "Battle Worlds: Kronos" for retail in german-speaking areas and support us with PR &amp; Marketing in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. This is really good news, because we’ve already collaborated with them successfully on "The Critter Chronicles" and, as an added bonus, we’ll be once again accommodated at the Crimson Cow / Flashpoint booth at the GamesCom this year, who traditionally have the best catering of the whole trade fair. ;-) If you’re interested in releasing a boxed version of Battle Worlds in other territories, please contact us! If you’re press and want to schedule an appointment with us at the GC, please drop us a note by email! Rewards We gradually have to begin production of the rewards, which means two things: 1. Starting August 1st you won’t be able any more to buy any Kickstarter-Rewards from our shop (except the normal version of the game). 2. Before August 1st we ABSOLUTELY need your feedback on which (add-on) rewards you want to have. Some of the rewards are pretty expensive and we don’t want to buy more than necessary. That means, we need to know NOW what you want to receive for the extra money you paid, if applicable. ATTENTION: IF WE DON’T RECEIVE INFO ON YOUR DESIRED REWARDS/ADDON-REWARDS BY AUGUST 1st, WE’LL CONSIDER ANY SURPLUS MONEY AS A DONATION! Shout-outs In accordance with tradition, we want to point you to some projects that might interest you: A spiritual successor to Syndicate. How I loved this game! <url>’re in! <url>’s campaign is already over. But it’s the point-and-click adventure we’re most excited about (next to Broken Sword) and you can still help these guys using their shop: <url>‘Nuff said! <url>’t be enough old-school RPGs. ;-) <url>"the world out there". Too many things aren’t working yet, it lacks polishing. But in the case of Battle Worlds: Kronos we want to show you our work as soon as possible and receive your feedback. The Alpha 1 offers you: A first look at the user interface and controls Some units on two test maps to take a shot at A hot-seat mode to compete against friends Not much more yet.. But we’re working on it ;-) We’d like to get your feedback on the following aspects: Technical problems: Does the game run smoothly? Are there graphical errors? Performance: How well does the game run at the different quality settings? We know that the current performance isn’t good yet, but with our help we’ll speed up the game in the next weeks! "Look and Feel": What is your first impression of the game? What do you like? Please use the forums at <url>’t had time to open an Alpha-/Backer-Forum yet, sorry about that). This first Alpha version is Windows only. The next version (and every version after that) will be PC, Mac and Linux. If you want to take a first look at the alpha or are interested what else we’ve been working on in the last weeks, take a look: <url>"Let’s Plays" / User Videos Some of you have asked us if they may capture and publish videos of the alpha or beta versions. Our answer is: Sure, go ahead… but not with the Alpha 1 please! The Alpha 1 is so early in the development process that it can’t make a very good impression yet. From the next version onwards, when the performance has been optimized and the ingame-UI has been reworked, anyone can capture video or screenshots and publish them. But please only do that from Alpha 2 onwards, not with the current version. Your Add-on Rewards / Shipping Adress / Usernames &amp; Passwords About three weeks ago we’ve sent you all an email regarding your data. If you haven’t clicked on the link in that mail yet and haven’t entered your data – and add-on rewards, if applicable – please do so NOW. In a few weeks we need to start ordering the production of the add-on rewards and till then we need to know the numbers. If you haven’t received the email, please send a message to support@battle-worlds.com If you already registered and want to change your contact address, delivery address or user name, you can do so at this address: <url>"Battle Worlds: Kronos - Kickstarter Survey"). About 2/3 of you have already answered! If you have not participated in the survey yet : Please click on the link in the email and complete the survey! If you are a PayPal backer , you don’t need to fill in the survey (and won’t receive a link), because we already have your contact info. If you are a Kickstarter backer and have not received an email yet , please contact us at support@battle-worlds.com If you have already contacted us (e.g. regarding forgetting shipping costs or the like), we’ll contact you in the next days. If you have completed the survey and you didn’t experience any problems, we’ll contact you at the latest when it’s all about the alpha or beta access! Survey FAQs We received some emails about details of our backer survey, so we’ve decided to answer the most common questions here: Why do I have to pay shipping (when I live in the USA)? We’re a company based in Germany and the rewards will be sent from Germany. Because Kickstarter doesn’t support international shipment sufficiently you had to add shipment manually. Why do I have to enter my address, even though I only pledged for a digital tier? We need that information for legal and tax reasons. If you have a digital only tier and are concerned about your data, you may write crap into the address fields. In that case we only need the state and country information. I changed my mind and would like to have a different reward. / I would like to pay some extra money to receive an add-on reward. Sorry, it’s not possible to change your reward or add an add-on reward to an existing pledge. You may buy extra versions of the game in our shop ( <url>– KING Art Games) containing a link. Is that an official email address or is someone using the name of your project for phishing? No, that is an official email address which we use for personal email communication with our backers, while we still post regular updates on the Kickstarter project site. The fifth and sixth language have been voted on! The survey for languages 5 &amp; 6 (Stretch-Goal #2) is finished! Here are the results: Therefore it is certain that Battle Worlds: Kronos will receive a full localization in English, German, French, Spanish, Russian and Polish! More full localizations are possible, if we can find a distribution partner in the respective countries (see below). Additionally we will release a „loca kit“ for the game, that enables the community to translate the user interface and all the written text in the game (including subtitles) into additional languages. Search for distribution partners During the Kickstarter campaign several publishers and distributors contacted us, asking if we would be interested in collaborating with them. Of course we will keep the digital distribution rights, the naming rights, don’t let anyone influence the development of the game etc. But nonetheless a collaboration with publishers/distributors could be interesting in some territories. Then it would perhaps be possible to release physical box versions of Battle Worlds: Kronos in some countries, have additional languages and make the game known in some territories that have not heard much of it yet. In short: We don’t lose anything, but we could gain a lot. Within the next weeks we will talk with potential partners. If you are interested in collaboration for certain territories, please contact us at contact@kingart-games.com. Interesting projects It’s almost a tradition for us to introduce you to some Kickstarter projects that caught our attention. Maybe there’s something interesting among them for you? DRM FREE Artifact Red-X Hybrid RPG/TB Strategy Game PC &amp; iOS: <url>’re available). Choose your add-on rewards, if you pledged for any. Give us your personal data (e.g. shipping adress). If you haven’t received an email from us by Monday, May 20th, please contact us at support@battle-worlds.com. Alpha and beta versions So, what’s next? As we said, we want to provide you backers with playable versions of the game as soon and as regular as possible. We will make the first alpha version available in early June (about 3 weeks from now). Here’s our plan for the alpha and beta versions: Alpha 1: Essentials &amp; Hot-Seat Alpha 2: Editor and basic multiplayer feature Beta 1: Basic AI &amp; first singleplayer missions Beta 2: AI, more of everything Beta 3: Extended multiplayer features &amp; server Our plan is to release a new version of the game every 4-6 weeks. The Book of Unwritten Tales Collection on sale If you like adventure games, you can currently get our Book of Unwritten Tales Collection at 75% off on Steam. This bundle contains both "The Book of Unwritten Tales" and "The Critter Chronicles", as well as digital extras, e.g. the soundtrack, for both games. If you pledge for a reward including "The Book of Unwritten Tales" and/or "The Critter Chronicles" we ask you about your preferred download platform in our survey. We’re going to send you your key(s) in the next couple of days. Interesting Kickstarter projects Last but not least here are a few interesting Kickstarter projects that are worth a look: Son of Nor ( <url>’re exhausted but happy. The last weeks were truly spectacular. Sure, there is the money and the success and we’re thankful for that. But there is also the feeling of connecting with people. Usually when you do a game you do it for some anonymous creature called "The Player". In the last weeks we talked more to players than probably in the ten years before combined. Some of the browser games we developed have more than 5 million players. But you 7.500 backers feel like much more to us because you talked to us, gave us ideas and helped us. So we thank you for that. Please stay engaged and supportive! Join our forums at <url>… this might be our future. We certainly hope so. Maybe the willingness of funding games via Kickstarter will decline. Or maybe there will be too many games on Kickstarter so no one gets enough money. There are plenty of imaginable reasons why our hopes might not come true. But there is one thing, that won’t be the reason: A bad Battle Worlds: Kronos. We will make a great game. We owe you that. Your KING Art Team Next Steps Amazon Payments will charge your credit cards and we’ll get your contact information from Kickstarter. As soon as we have your contact information we're going to contact you to confirm your shipping adresses and add-on rewards or to sort out any problems (for example missing shipment costs). If you haven’t heard from us until May 15th, please contact us. After all of that has been sorted out we’ll open the development forum (it will be a sub-forum of the Battle Worlds forum at <url>#2 Including Paypal we’ve reached our second stretch goal tonight (CET)! This means Battle Worlds: Kronos will be on iOS and Android Tablets and on OUYA! Oh-yeah! This also means that the game will receive two more full localizations (next to English, German, French and Spanish). So click on the link below to cast your vote for the language you want to see in the game: <url>’ll reach the third stretch-goal, but that’s not a big deal. We’re confident that Battle Worlds: Kronos will be a successful game and successful games get add-ons… ;-) So, no reason to pledge any more? Wrong. As a backer you’ll get Alpha or Beta access to the game, access to the development forums and all other kinds of neat stuff we can think of. And you're helping us to make the game better and the add-on more likely to become a reality! So please: Back us. And if you already have use Facebook, Twitter, Forums and everything else you can think of to spread the word about our Kickstarter. Who knows? Maybe someone with a lot of power will help us reach the third stretch goal… yes, we're looking at you Notch, Wil Wheaton, Felicia Day, Let’s Play – Kings and so on ;-) Main screen We were working on the main menu / main screen this week. We thought about a kind of "time line". Instead of putting everything ("continue game", "tutorial", "notifications" and so on) into the main menu we keep it clean and simple and put this info into the time line on the right side. What do you think? (This is only a mockup) Battle Worlds Academy Video #3 Hi there, dear backers! In the third installment of our “Battle Worlds Academy” series we talk about unit upgrades, unit production and some of the special units every faction possesses. Enjoy! <url>#8: New: Add-on Rewards! ) Here the list of all add-on rewards: Reddit AMA Things have been crazily busy since the campaign started, but we tried to be as open and quick in replying to your many hundred mails and comments here on Kickstarter as we could. If you want to ask us some more questions or want to hang out with us, there will be a Reddit AMA (ask me anything) tomorrow, Friday, at 3 PM CET (9 AM EST). Three of us, including our programmer Philipp and game designer and studio co-founder Jan Theysen, will be there to answer all your questions. We’re going to release the link about 30 minutes before the AMA starts in another update. Three days to go Only three days left. This campaign has been a blast, and we can hardly belive that we are already on the homestretch! If you want us to reach the second oh-so-close stretch goal, NOW is the time to activate friends and colleagues, to write in forums, on Twitter or Facebook and to raise the pledges! Kicking it forward Kickstarter has been good to us, YOU have been good to us. We believe in the Kickstarter idea and we’ll do everything in our power to strengthen crowdfunded indie games (including making a really good one ourselves so you’re happy). As part of our commitment we decided to join the Brian Fargo/inXile "Kicking it forward" initiative. This means that we’re going to put 5% of our finished product profits back into other Kickstarter projects. That is money that we earn as profit AFTER the project ships and AFTER we have paid our expenses. So it’s not the money you’ve pledged for Battle Worlds: Kronos (we of course need that for the development of the game). We think it’s a great way to support cool projects and new developers. If you want to learn more, go to: <url>– and possibly last – war to find a successor. The three invading factions have access to the same units – since the weapons industry sells to everybody who can afford it. However, every faction has a special unit that only they can use in battle. The House of Telit The previous emperor was a member of the house of Telit. The house fields by far the largest army and starts off the war of succession as clear favorite. During their 200 year rule, the members of the House have grown arrogant, decadent and generally full of themselves. To emerge as victor in the war even though many Telites have grown complacent, they eliminated as many rivals as possible beforehand and outsourced planning of the war to more capable individuals outside of the House – for a proper compensation, of course. The Telit special unit is the "Medusa": A Bigfoot wielding an EMP cannon. An EMP blast damages enemy units only slightly, but deactivates all mechanized units for the duration of one turn. Yerla Inc. Yerla Inc. is the biggest private enterprise on Rhea. The Yerla, as the top managers of the corporation call themselves, are ingenious thinkers and ruthless strategists. It is them who have the arms of the information-, communication, and computers-industry under their control. Their tendency towards using stimulants and drugs as well as cultivating conspiracy theories, however, makes them less reliable allies. They own quite a sizeable army which they assembled by means of their enormous financial ressources. The Yerla Inc.'s special unit is called "The Hacker". This spider-ish unit has cloaking capabilities and is able to take over enemy units. A unit that has been taken over fights for the Yerla during the next few turns. The Order of the Lumati The Lumati can be considered the religious leaders of Rhea. They are a very small but nonetheless powerful faction. Masters of intrigue and espionage, they employ envoys and agents within all major Houses and have grown quite talented in playing them against each other. Even though their army is massively outnumbered by the armies of the House of Telit and Yerla, the cunning strategists of the Lumati are always good for just one more surprise… The special unit of the Lumati is called "Meteor". This flying Kamikaze unit laden with explosives positions itself above enemies and crashes down on them. While being destroyed on impact, it deals insane amounts of damage. The Residents After Kronos almost got annihilated during the previous war of succession, everyone with enough financial means or influence fled to the neighboring planet Rhea. Those who were left behind died of radiation poisoning or starved to death in the following nuclear winter. Only few survived and formed a new society. Ever since, they call themselves the "Residents". They are technologically far less advanced than the Invaders, but they denounced the vicious cycle of war and are still hoping that this war of succession will not draw them in once more. It’s a hope that will soon be dashed… The units of the Residents are often makeshift units held together by hastily wielded pieces of steel. Other units are civilian vehicles provisionally equipped with military-grade weaponry. In an open battle, these units stand no chance against the Invaders. However, those low tech units have a powerful advantage, as they can be repaired by incorporating salvaged enemy wrecks! Another advantage of the Residents are their powerful infantry units. The assault and gunnery infantry units are a lot more powerful than the X-100 battle robots of the Invaders. Since they live on Kronos and know their way around, they are able to camouflage themselves very effectively. An ambush by the Residents is feared by all other Houses. "Scorpion" (Residents, "pick-up mortar"), "Medusa" (Telit, "EMP big-foot") The last week of the Kickstarter campaign The last week of our campaign has started and we still have some troubles to get our news on the big sites. There are some that seem to just not care about a small project like "Battle Worlds: Kronos". We decided not to care about them anymore and not waste our time on them. Instead we’ll rely on the best thing in this campaign: You. Here are two things we’d like everybody who cares for this project to do: Go to the main site and hit the Facebook “Like” Button. At the moment we have more than 6.000 backers but only 2.500 “Likes”. Everybody of you is probably active in a community, a forum, on other Kickstarter campaigns or the like. Please go there now, tell them about our project and that there are only a few days left. If you’ve already posted something in the past: Please revisit the thread and bring it back to the top (for example by linking the latest campaign updates). This can really make a difference! A while ago one of you contacted Brian Fargo and Obsidian, they gave us a shout-out and it resulted in a lot of new backers! So please think about who you know and who you might inform about Battle Worlds: Kronos. Let’s do this! Snow &amp; Ice Battle Worlds: Kronos will feature three different climates: Moderate climate &amp; desert (both of which you’ve already seen in the videos) and a cold climate featuring snow &amp; ice. In the last three weeks we have worked on the cold climate graphics. What do you think? Big versions: Screenshot #1 Screenshot #2 The ice doesn’t just look nice, it’s also an important factor of the gameplay: Rivers might freeze over and allow land-units to cross the water. But be aware: When a unit explodes on the ice it leaves a hole behind… Work-in-progress: New units Here are some of the units we’re working on at the moment. For each unit we try to find a unique shape so all units can be distinguished easily.Then we add details to the units (that's the status of the units in the picture above). After that we add textures. This is a close-up of the w.i.p. "Explorer" unit. It’s a reconnaissance unit – extremely fast (the fastest ground vehicle in the game) but only lightly armored and not very strong in combat. If you want to see w.i.p. screens like this early, be sure to join us at Facebook and in our forum . The Battle Worlds: Kronos Card Game A lot of backers asked us about the Battle Worlds: Kronos card game (a reward in the upper tiers). Here’s some information regarding the game (which is, obviously, still work-in-progress) and our motivations why we’re making it at all. Card Mockup The game will contain approximately 80 cards (all 40 units/buildings times two). Each card shows: Unit name Image Type: light unit, infantry etc. Stats for card game as icons (strength, range, actions) Stats for super trump / in-game reference (damage ground, damage air, damage sea, movement, range) Flavor text The cards can be used in different ways: Strategic card game Super trump game In-game reference Remember: You can add the card game to your pledge by clicking in "Manage Pledge" and add $15 to your physical pledge. (See Update #8 ). In-game Reference If you want to use the cards as in-game reference, you can place them in front of you while playing the video game, to represent the units appearing in a mission. That way you have all the information about your own units available at a glance. Super trump (2-6 players) Each unit has 5 attributes that may be used for the super trump game (the same that are also used for the in-game reference: types of damage, range, movement). All 80 cards are shuffled and distributed to the players. Each player takes all cards he received on his hand as a deck. A player begins and states one of the 5 attributes of his top card and its value. The other players also state the value of the mentioned attribute of their top card. The player with the highest value wins the round, receives all of the other players’ top cards and places them under his deck together with his own card. He begins the next turn by stating an attribute and its value etc. If the attribute is equal on all cards, it’s a tie. All named cards are put aside and the next player on the left takes over stating an attribute. The winner of this round gets all cards and those that were previously put aside from the tie. The game ends when one of the player has no more cards left. The player with the highest number of cards wins the match. Alternatively players can agree on a timespan after which the cards are counted. Strategic card game (2 players) Playing the strategic card game, two players can battle each other to determine who is the better commandant. The card game picks up many mechanisms of the original game, but also introduces new ones. (A in no way faked match between Philipp and Lukas) Each of both players shuffles his deck with all 40 units and draws 5 of them per turn to his hand. For both players, the playing field consists of a proper deployment zone where units can be played hidden (face down) and a common battle field in the middle. The battle field consists of separate columns where the units from the own deployment zone can be drawn in. On the battle field, units can move and attack enemy units. As known from the original game, tactical movement plays an important role, because enemy units surrounded by own units can be attacked more easily. The range also plays a role, since an attack immediately triggers a counter attack, just like in the video game. The cards on the hand can not only be played as units into the deployment zone, they also serve to activate units which are already in game. For that purpose, you compare the action symbols of the hand card with those of your units on the battle field. The actions that are matching (e.g. "move" or "attack") may be applied by the unit on the battle field. The hand card is discarded for that purpose. Buildings can’t be moved and they can only be played into the deployment zone. They give a permanent advantage for the player (e.g. one additional hand card), but they also block a slot in the deployment zone. The deployment zone can’t be attacked, except by special units such as artillery. A player wins the game either by disabling all enemy units on the battle field or when he is the first to disable 10 enemy units. Meet the team: Lukas (Game design) My name is Lukas and I’m a Game Designer at KING Art Games. Like many people in the games industry I’m a lateral entrant. Actually not that lateral after all, because I’ve been designing board games and card games for 10 years. Thanks to KING Art I can still continue doing that, because being a game author doesn’t quite pay the rent: Together with my fellow author Michael we work as LudoCreatix and you can find more info on our board games at <url>" LudoCreatix ". (Lukas on the left, Michael on the right) For board gamers and especially authors of such, Kickstarter is getting more and more important, as many good game ideas get funded here and it is a great opportunity for authors to publish their games themselves. We believe that board gamers will love Battle Worlds as well, because turn-based strategy is very similar to board games and our first play tests and rule discussions all took place on a Battletech map with cardboard counters. When we started talking about a Kickstarter campaign for Battle Worlds, I came up with the idea of having a card game as a reward tier. Since then the game design for the card game has been constantly getting more solid. Along with Michael and my coworker Philipp (he introduced himself in the last update) I try to extract the essence of Battle Worlds and pour it into this card game. It was a nice boost when we got the first designs of the cards from Alex (Art Director at KING Art and introduced in a later update) and hopefully, you are as excited as we are about it. Breaking News: We’ve been greenlit! <url>’t plan that. But then we thought: If that’s important for many of you, we could take a look at that issue. Others asked, what the maximum possible map size in Battle Worlds: Kronos is. We didn’t know. So we thought: Let’s try it! And how about combining both tests? Why not make a huge, generated map? Well, here you go: 200.000 hex-fields for 200.000 Dollars 5.800 units for 5.800 backers Here a bigger picture of the map To be clear: The maps in the game won’t be as big. We only tested the stability of our system, made screenshots and stitched them together. So we didn’t put any effort in making the map pretty or fun to play. Moving all units of one team on this map would take approximately 4 hours (when calculated with 5 seconds per unit) and that’s a little too long for a comfortable match. ;-) Meet the team! Today: The programmers Who makes things like the giant generated map possible? It’s our programmers Philipp (left) and Thomas (right)! Thomas Hi, I'm Thomas, Technical Director at KING Art. My history with KING Art dates back to 2006. Back then Philipp and I were working part-time for the small local game studio. And despite working long hours for little money the project was worth all the effort. A turn-based strategy game called Battle Worlds: Kronos. Together we wrote the engine from scratch, with no middleware and no professional programming experience, but ideas and motivation in abundance. And the results were quite promising. Sadly, our first dream project wasn't lucky enough to get funded by a publisher and so we turned to other projects. Now 6 years later I'm still just as eager to finish what we've started so long ago. But with the experience of developing and releasing many successful games I feel we're a lot better equipped this time. For me the heart of the game is the turn-based combat mechanic and the hex map the battles are fought on. I love hexagons! Even before my formal education in programming I dabbled with strategy games and hex grids. There's even a technical article somewhere on gamedev.net that I've written back then... my graduation thesis was on hex grids too. And one of the challenges of BW:K that I appreciate the most is to render a hex-based, procedurally generated map in a way that it looks vivid and natural as if handcrafted by artists, but with the underlying grid still clearly visible, so that the presentation never clashes with the clarity and elegance of the turn-based combat mechanic. Another challenge I look forward to is writing the A.I. What many players like about turn-based games is that they can take all the time they need to make the best strategical and tactical decisions they can. It took till 1996 for a dedicated supercomputer to beat the world chess champion and compared to our project chess is a very simple game. What gives the A.I an edge over human players in real-time strategy games is, that in a frantic battle it has an advantage at 'microing', but still professional Starcraft II players will always beat an AI even on the hardest (non-cheating) difficulty setting. It’s going to be one of the biggest challenges in my career to provide you guys with worthy and most importantly 'fun' artificial opponents. But I like challenges… :-) Philipp Hi, my name is Philipp Kolhoff and I'm Lead Programmer at KING Art. Battle Worlds was one of my first projects at KING Art when we started. Since that time I'm very excited about the concept and always dreamed of finally releasing it to the public. It's so great to see that Battle Worlds will finally come to live, especially with the support of thousands of people that will actually play our game. The close contact with our "customers" is something we sometimes miss in other projects. It motivates me to really do my best to deliver an awesome product to gamers that hopefully like it as much as I do. When not whipping my team, I work on laying out the base architecture for our map editor and the game itself. Our milestone to get a playable alpha is still on track and I'm curious to see how all of you will react when you move your first Bandit into range, deploy your artillery or zerg down a Cerberus with a gang of infantrybots. The more visual assets we receive, the more thrilled I get. In my spare time, games are still my favorite. Besides playing computer games, I like board games a lot and try to play as often as possible. And because I also try to develop some board games on my own (and even have released a small one already ;-) ) I was very happy to be asked to help in the creation of the Battle Worlds card game. We’ll release more info about that within the next couple of days. It's going to be awesome, so be sure to add one to your rewards! Thanks for reading and I hope we get in contact again soon. Many of you have asked us if it’s possible to add extra rewards to your reward tier… an extra digital version as a present for a friend, an extra box for the son or a cap because… well… it’s a cool cap! It hasn’t been possible… until now. For example: If you live in the US and pledged for the “Commander’s Battlekit” you should have pledged $55 ($40 for the game and $15 for shipment). Now you can add $20 to get an additional digital copy. Or you add $45 to get an additional digital copy and a cap. These are the extra rewards you can add: Do you have any ideas for other add-on rewards you would like (e.g. posters, t-shirts,…)? Please leave a comment down below. We might add some additional rewards! Additional Support Some of you might not know that yet. You can increase your pledge anytime you want, even if you don’t want to receive anything in return. You can for example easily pledge $40 for a $20 reward. These “gifts” to the community can make a huge difference. If every backer would add 10 Dollar to his or her pledge, we would reach the second stretch-goal instantly. Go ahead and set an example! Two additional languages: The results are in! With our first stretch-goal we promised two additional languages and let you guys decide which ones you want to have. Here are the results: If we reach the second stretch-goal, there will be a new poll for two more languages. So if your language hasn’t won this time: Help us to reach our next goal, to give it another chance! User-generated Maps, Steam &amp; No DRM In the last days there was some commotion, because some features/updates of Shadowrun Returns are going to only be available via Steam. That’s why we want to explain the approach we want to take with Battle Worlds: Kronos: - We want to provide the game on as many platforms as possible (Steam, GoG, Desura and many others). Some of these platforms use DRM measures, some don’t. In any case backers can download Battle Worlds: Kronos from our servers WITHOUT DRM. - No matter where you get the game from: You can play the campaigns and the Single Player Challenge Maps offline, without registration or other measures. - If you want to play multiplayer matches, you have to set up a user name and password on our server to be able to continue your game from anywhere, save your achievements, collect points in the game ladder, and so forth. - User-generated maps, the free "Trains" DLC campaign and other content can also be downloaded from our server. This means that nobody is forced to install Steam or similar software. Before the game is available to the public, backers have exclusive access to alpha and beta builds. Those builds will probably be available exclusively from our own server. We are thinking about offering a kind of Downloader that enables you to always download the latest version of the game. We may ADDITIONALLY cooperate with Steam, because they are currently working on a system that will enable gamers to play a game during its production. But that question isn’t resolved yet and first we have to get the game on Steam: <url>"Thank you" and help others There are many people, companies and other projects that helped us during the preparation of the campaign and in its first weeks. We want to take the time to thank them. You can’t take for granted that developers help each other in that way. It’s one of the great things about Kickstarter: It brings out the best in everybody. First, three friends of ours. Their campaigns have ended already but you still can support them on their sites: - Cliffhanger Productions: <url>"Divinity: Original Sins" campaign by our friends at Larian is still up and running strong. You might want to check it out if you like classic RPGs, turn-based battles and mighty editors! ;-) - <url>’re half way through our campaign and we already reached our first Stretch Goal. Hooray! Among several new maps and other features the first Stretch Goal also contains two additional languages (besides English and German) for the game. Which languages this will be is determined by you, the community. Head over to <url>#2! Here we come! It’s time to tackle the next one, don’t you think? A green light on the horizon We received a massive amount of positive feedback on Steam Greenlight and many people already voted for Battle Worlds: Kronos to be released on Steam. Take a look at the following graph to see how we’re doing… (Spoiler: We’re doing GREAT!) Thank you all for the great support! If you haven’t voted yet, please do so on our Greenlight page here: <url>’re also looking for websites covering these devices. Please post your tips in the comments. Battle Worlds: Kronos on Steam Greenlight! Many of you would like to see Battle Worlds: Kronos on Steam and so do we! So we started a Steam Greenlight campaign. Please give us your vote! <url>– Action Points &amp; Movements In the "Battle Worlds Academy" videos we want to show the basic gameplay mechanics of "Battle Worlds: Kronos". There will be at least one new video every week for the next couple of weeks. The first video is about our “Action Points (AP)” system and unit movement: <url>– Yeah, so do we. But what about French, Spanish, Italian, Russian, Portuguese, Polish, Turkish and all the other languages out there? We don’t speak them but we thought it might be a good idea to give all our videos sub-titles in as many languages as possible. If you speak a language other than English and German and if you like to help us, please leave a note in this forum thread: <url>паси́бо, Obrigado, Dziękuję, teşekkür ederiz! You did it! We reached our funding goal! A little over 7 days and 2 hours after we embarked on this campaign, you made this dream of our long-lost pet project a reality. Wo-hoo!!! Teaser Trailer online! We have been busy working on the first cinematic teaser trailer. We wanted to do something special with it, so expect something more unusual than your ordinary teaser trailer. Please follow the link below to step into the war about Kronos. <url>’t backed the project yet because of Kickstarter’s restrictions on payment methods, there is good news: at www.battle-worlds.com , you can now back the project via PayPal! Just click on the paypal links on the right side of the page to get access to all the reward tiers. Of course, all PayPal contributions will count towards the stretch goals. Coming up... In the next coming days, we will have even more updates for you, some in video form, some in text form, where we will elaborate on frequently asked questions, but moreover on the mechanics of the game. So keep your eyes peeled to your inbox for further stuff from us! Again, thank you for making this project a reality and trusting us with your contributions. We are working hard to create the best TBS game we possibly can, and we will continue to do it with your help. Now is not the time for rest: there are three ambitious stretch goals still to come. We are still reaching out to communities and press and we hope that you will continue to do so as well. The first three days Dear backers, We can’t thank you enough for supporting our campaign. In fact, you were supporting us much more generously than we dared to anticipate, so we had to scramble over the last two days to gather your feedback and design stretch goals and new reward tiers right away. You will find them both outlined below, and of course on the main project page. What is important to point out is that only because some suggestions didn’t make the cut, it’s not because we don’t like them or don’t want to do them. We are still trying to figure out whether some of them are doable and what the scope of them might be, production-wise, so they might show up later. Also, it was important to us not to prolong the production period, but rather stick to the schedule we offered in the original pitch. It’s what we promised and what we want to deliver. So, all those things in the stretch goals can either be done without prolonging the schedule or will be added after the game is "finished". Thanks to your help, there has been more international press coverage lately, most notably a piece by Rock Paper Shotgun. However, we are still trying to spread the word even further, and we still need your help! So if you are a regular of a gaming website that hasn’t yet covered our campaign, please drop them a hint. Thanks! In the coming days, we will try to answer more of your questions about the game. We are also preparing more videos, screenshots, and other ways of sharing with you. This has been an amazing journey for us so far, but it has only just begun! Yours truly, The KING Art team Our Stretch Goals Thanks for your suggestions! The New Rewards We hope you'll like them! Forum Suggestions? Ideas? Our forum is the best place for ideas that shouldn't be lost. <url>’s a slow process, as there are a lot of good Kickstarter campagins out there, and not all of them get coverage. So, if you are a regular on international gaming websites, we would be very grateful if you could help us spread the word , go out and post in their forums, or wherever you think there might be fans of turn-based strategy. MORE TO COME... I also wanted to let you know that we’ve got lots of stuff planned for the next days and weeks, while we will try to get back to all your awesome feedback that you already posted in the comments (rewards, stretch-goals, questions... everything will be covered). So stay tuned and don't forget to join us at Facebook ( <url>’s make this happen! Your KING Art Team