Hi there. It's us, your best buddies over at Exploding Kittens. We're sending you this update because you were one of the people who brought Bears vs Babies to life, and we thought you'd like to hear about our BRAND NEW GAME: Throw Throw Burrito . We're in the last few hours of our Kickstarter campaign, so if you want a copy you should back it right now . Throw Throw Burrito is the combination of card games and dodgeball. You collect cards, play your hand, and throw burritos at your friends. Our Kickstarter ends in a few hours, so if you want a copy of the game go back it right meow. Hugs, kisses and burritos. -The Exploding Kittens team <url>’m absolutely positive I filled out my shipping survey before May 5th. I checked my email and everything. What happened? We don’t know, but we’re gonna find out! Email us at <email>, and we’ll track down the issue. - I never filled out/received a shipping survey. Will my game still show up? Nope! We need the survey to know where your game should be shipped. Contact <email> - Theres a problem with my order! I didn't receive all of it/a card is damaged/my neighbor's cat mauled it, and I can't bear to look at the remains etc. Can you help me? Yes! Email us at <email>, and we’ll do our best to make everything better. - I missed the Kickstarter. How do I get a copy of the game? Sign up here and we'll send you an email when the game is available to the public. FAQ I don't see an email from Blackbox. What do I do? Shipping will take a few weeks, so check your spam folders, and if you still don't see anything, your game most likely hasn't shipped yet. I have an email, but no game. Why? Huh, that is odd. Contact <email> and they'll help you out! My address has changed, and I still want my game! What do I do? Contact <email> and they'll make sure your game gets to you! I never filled out my BackerKit survey. Can I still get my game? Not until you fill out your survey! If you can't find a survey link in your email, contact <email> I don’t understand. I just want my game. Please help. Contact us at <email> - we’d love to hear from you. I missed the Kickstarter. How do I get a copy of the game? Sign up here and we'll send you an email when the game is available to the public. FAQ Are ALL of the games shipping today? No, only a portion of the games ship today. We're shipping them in batches, starting today and continuing over the next few weeks. If you don't get a shipping notification right away, please be patient. How will I know if MY game shipped? You’ll receive a shipping notification from Blackbox. My friend Sally got her game, but I haven’t received mine. Do you like her more? We think Sally’s nice, but have no real preference. Check all of your email accounts and spam folders for that shipping notification. If you haven’t received it, your game probably hasn’t shipped yet. If you have received a shipping notification, but no game, contact <email> I never filled out my BackerKit survey. Can I still get my game? Nope! We send out those surveys months in advance so that we know where to ship your stuff. If you didn't fill out the survey, contact <email> I don’t understand. I just want my game. Please help. Contact us at <email> - we’d love to hear from you. I missed the Kickstarter. How do I get a copy of the game? Sign up here and we'll send you an email when the game is available to the public. You built Bears! You fought Monsters! Everybody won! (except for the Babies...they didn't win) Based on your feedback we've even found a way to increase the number of players in the game. That's right... BEARS VS BABIES IS NOW 2 - 5 PLAYERS! Also, we're testing out playmat materials... . and check out this video of this NSFW booster being packaged. Now tell me you’re not mesmerized. . To conclude. You’re the best at playtesting, and condom manufacturing is weird. Group Bear Hug! The Bears vs Babies Team. Greetings Backers! We’ve been hard at work getting your games ready to ship, but before we can do that, we have one last thing we need your help with. We're throwing a party! More specifically: we're throwing PLAYTEST PARTIES. They're happening all over the world, and you're invited! This is your opportunity to play Bears vs Babies before anyone else, and then let us know what you think. Your feedback will help decide the rules of the game and make sure everything is just right. All playtest parties are free and open to the public (not just backers). So tell your friends, and find a party near you: bearsvsbabies.com/playtests We’re beary excited for you to play the game! Fluff, The Bears vs Babies team Playtest Bears vs Babies Over the break we built a bunch of playtest decks and now we're trying to figure out who to send them to FOR FREE! If you're interested in hosting a playtest party, you can get all the details here: <url>#1: The Bears vs Babies campaign will end tonight at 6pm PST. We're currently about 5 thousand backers away from being the #2 most backed game on Kickstarter EVER. Are you up for helping us hit a milestone? Do you like crushing the competition? Do you know five thousand people? Thing #2: We'll be doing a livestream tonight to countdown the final two hours of the campaign. Matt (The Oatmeal) will be drawing cards based on your suggestions, and Elan will be answering questions about the game. Thing #3: During the livestream, we'll announce the winner of the Real Bear Naming Contest in which you named a real bear forever and ever. Those are all the things. --- See you tonight RIGHT HERE from 4pm to 6pm PST. Prepping for hibernation, The Bears vs Babies Team We’re working with the amazing people at Forest Animal Rescue, and they’ve asked us if we’d like to give a name to one of their new arrivals. We thought we’d offer up that privilege to some of our favorite people: YOU Here are the names you've come up with: Beary McBearface Oatmeal Harambear Lady Bearington (that last one didn't get as many nominations as the others, but was voted in by the Bears vs Babies Team.) --- TO VOTE If you're reading this in email, click "Comment on Kickstarter" at the bottom of this mail and cast your vote in the comments section of the update. If you're reading it anywhere else, just leave your comments at the bottom of this page. We will only count 1 vote per backer, and your vote must be for one of the four options listed above. Voting will close Thursday, Nov 17th at 11am PST. Let's name a bear! The Bears vs Babies Team Nearly 30 days ago, we introduced our new game to you. We hoped you'd like it, that you'd play it with us, but most of all, we hoped that you'd spend the next month laughing with us. And you did. You took pictures, you wrote songs, and you invented monsters... Along the way you've upgraded the game to include even more awesomeness: And now with just a few hours left in the campaign, you've unlocked something that's never been done before: Covering the box in fur forced us to rethink the manufacturing process. What kind of fur should we use? How can you print on fur? Can you shrink wrap it? Will the glue smell bad? Will the fur get squished during shipping? Will the box shed? We've been working with the best manufacturers in the world to answer these questions because no one on the planet has ever had to answer them. This is our gift to you. Thank you for giving our new game a home. --- That's it! All that's left is to celebrate this victory! Tomorrow we'll be hosting a livestream countdown to the end of the campaign. Matt (The Oatmeal) will be drawing cards based on your suggestions and Elan will be answering any questions you have. We'll also be announcing the name of the real bear you voted for! Campaign Countdown Livestream Thursday, November 17th, 4pm to 6pm PST (you can tune in on our Kickstarter Page ) --- With Fierce Gratitute, The Bears vs Babies Team We’re working with the amazing people at Forest Animal Rescue, and they’ve asked us if we’d like to give a name to one of their new arrivals. We thought we’d offer up that privilege to some of our favorite people: YOU This bear has no name and we want you to name her! This is a four-year-old, female American Black Bear. She was rescued from the captivity of a cub petting facility in Colorado, and is now being moved to her furrever home in Florida at Forest Animal Rescue. At her new home, she is getting top medical care and a spacious new habitat to roam. Here’s how this works Starting today, backers can leave name suggestions in the main comment section of the Kickstarter Page . Tomorrow, we’ll announce your top three most suggested names along with one suggestion from the Bears vs Babies team. Name Suggestion Period Tuesday, November 15th, RIGHT NOW - Wednesday, November 16th, 3pm PST Name Voting Period Wednesday, November 16th, 3pm PST - Thursday, November 17th, 11am PST Campaign Countdown Livestream Your winning name will be announced during our CAMPAIGN COUNTDOWN LIVESTREAM on Thursday, November 17th, 4pm PST (you can tune in on our Kickstarter Page ) Notes: We reserve the right to override any names we deem inappropriate. Bears vs Babies is supporting Forest Animal Rescue from our own personal accounts and no money from the Kickstarter campaign is being donated. We hope you’ll join us in supporting this wonderful organization forestanimalrescue.org Using the new Kickstarter Live system, Matt and I will be doing a live stream tomorrow morning at 11am PST. <url>#2. Track your progress here! with ferocious affection, The Bears vs Babies Team LOOK WHAT YOU DID! You guys are amazing! You've unlocked most of the achievements, and need just a few more to expand the core deck of Bears vs Babies from 80 cards to 112. Now it's time to stretch even farther... Starting today, on the Bears vs Babies Kickstarter page you'll find a bunch of new achievements. If you unlock any 20 of them, you'll get two very special things for free: (Holy Moly! As we were writing this, you guys unlocked one more of the twenty achievements needed...50 THOUSAND BACKERS!) Special thing #1 - EXCLUSIVE BACKER CARD As a "thank you" to all you wonderful people we'll include an exclusive BACKERS head card in all the core decks listing out the final number of backers. This card will never be available anywhere else, and we will never print any more of them after fulfilling all of our backer orders. ------- Special thing #2 - BEARTH CONTROL All NSFW Booster Packs will be bundled with a Bears vs Babies condom! ---- Click here to see all the achievements, stretch goals, and the most up to date progress on unocking stuff! Now go do all the things! Beating back the baby hoards, The Bears vs Babies Team