Hail Brothers and Sisters! In our last update we announced to you that the Legendary Saga, the series of games that started with Blood Rage and continued with Rising Sun , would gain a new chapter in Ankh: Gods of Egypt . We are pleased to inform you that the Kickstarter campaign for Ankh has launched with incredible success and great feedback! If you haven't yet, make sure to check the campaign out here . <url>’re very happy to announce that a Kickstarter Campaign for Blood Rage Digital was launched , bringing the highly-acclaimed board game to life in a digital implementation! For $15 the base Digital Viking Pledge gets you a copy of the Blood Rage Digital game. This is a special price for backers, as the game will eventually retail for almost twice as much. The Digital game is expected to launch in December 2019, though backers will be able to get access to a Closed Beta much earlier than that. We’re also making available a special Physical Viking Pledge , which gets you not only a free copy of the Blood Rage Digital game but also 4 Monsters available in the original Kickstarter campaign, the brand-new Stag Clan (including their Mystics and Sculpted Clan Tokens), and also 24 Cards to add a 5th Player into the board game! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! We’re pleased to share this announcement from Dized for their great Blood Rage tutorial! Last year, we brought word of Blood Rage heading to Dized , an interactive companion app that teaches you board games as you play. Now, Dized is available in open early access on iOS and Android. Watch their announcement trailer here: <url>’re interested to stay up to date with Dized news, you can follow their Facebook , Twitter , and Instagram ! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! We're back, and we bring good tidings as Blood Rage will be one of the titles to be featured in Dized ! Dized is a companion app for tabletop games that brings many benefits. It allows you to start playing new games immediately and teaches rules as the game goes on. This is done with interactive and smart tutorials. The app also answers rule related questions. It’s like having an expert at the table every time you play. And with the Dized app, that expert is YOU. Here’s what Eric Lang has to say about Dized: “As a player I just want to feel like I have a friend teaching me the game. And that is what Dized does." (source: <url>“ CMON ” and you’ll get access to secret perks that give you more value for your money! Dized campaign: <url>’s important to remind you that all the individual backer packages were already prepared in the factory, so as soon as the shipments reach our distribution hubs we’ll start shipping directly to you. For the regions with confirmed ships, we’re providing their names so you can track them if you want to. USA and Rest of the World We have two ships this time: Ever Lissome V. 0799W, arriving on October 4th. Ever Liven 0800W, arriving on October 11th. Canada Just one ship, but a faster one: Maersk Dhahran V 536N, arriving on September 28th. EU Two ships and also faster: Hanjin Harmony V.0012W, arriving on September 14th. MSC Beryl FL534W, arriving on September 17th. Australia / New Zealand According to our manufacturer in China, all packages are ready for shipping, but we’re waiting for the vessel space to be released, which should take up to 10 days. But don't worry, this boat trip will be much faster than the others. Asia You are the lucky ones! The shipping to backers will begin in early September, so you should be the first ones to get your copies. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Many people are saying Blood Rage was the game of GenCon 2015, and with so many amazing games around, that's saying something! We are being inundated with requests to late back this project, but of course those people are way too late to the party, as we're starting to pack all our backers' items! Yes, production of the stretch goals and extras has wrapped and so we have moved on to packing everything for delivery. We are handling that a little differently this time, in a way that should prove quicker, and ensure all pledges are delivered more closely together. All the individual backer packages will be prepared in the factory in China, which should take until the end of the month to do for all 10,000 packages. As the packages get done, containers will be sent by boat to each of the different distribution hubs: USA, Canada, EU, Australia, and Asia. When these containers arrive at their destinations, everything will already be ready to ship directly to the backers, so the final leg of the process should take very little time as we simply take the packages and mail them to their final destination! But hey, we know you can't wait to check out all the stuff you'll be getting, so we shot a little unboxing video of all the Kickstarter extras and optional buys, and Eric Lang was kind enough to join us in gawking at all this amazing stuff! <url>’ve received numerous questions asking whether Blood Rage will be available for pre-release purchase. We’re officially announcing that we have been able to secure a limited number of the Blood Rage to be available for pre-release. For such a small quantity we were able to have them air shipped specially for Gen Con Indy. This extremely limited quantity was not part of the Kickstarter orders, and was sourced separately from the Kickstarter production. We would also like you to know that we have generated the packing slips for our China Production Facility. That means that over the next few weeks pledges will begin to be packed, loaded on to vessels and sent to the Hubs. We will continue to keep you updated on how we are progressing and the vessel tracking information in a few weeks when we have it. Due to logistics we have to keep backer fulfillment separate from our Gen Con Indy stock and you will not be able to pick-up your pledge from us. Again, this is because we will only have a limited amount available. Please come and join us at booth #1317 and #1417 (located directly across from each other). We will be hosting designers and developers from all of CMON’s games for the duration of the event, such as Eric M. Lang (Blood Rage, Game Design and Development), Adrian Smith (Blood Rage, Art), and Thiago Aranha (Blood Rage, Producer) Gen Con Indy 2015 will provide Blood Rage a great opportunity to be seen and played by hundreds if not thousands of players. This is an important step to ensure it gets the exposure that a game of its caliber deserves! We will have demos running every day. We are very excited to see everybody at Gen Con Indy 2015! We wanted to do one more brief update. We have received a few more samples and we've taken the liberty to get world-renown painter Jen Haley to quickly paint one of the plastics up for us: Jen has painted our Serpent Clan Leader to tabletop standard, just to show you painters out their how well the final plastics will go. She left the lower half of the model unpainted to show how the model will arrive. Talk to you soon, The CMON Team Hail Brothers and Sisters! Blood Rage has truly been all the rage at both CMON Expo and Dice Tower Con. We're getting very positive feedback from players and reviewers alike! That's not all the good news, production is also moving ahead smoothly, with no setbacks. The core box sample that was played at these conventions was approved without reservation. We currently have no reason to believe delivery won't happen in September as estimated. And finally, the last of the plastic production proofs came in, and we couldn't be happier with the results. For the Glory! Hail Brother and Sisters, We wanted to take a minute to share this with you. Watch It Played ’s host, Rodney Smith, is joined by Eric Lang while they hold the fort down and unbox BLOOD RAGE!!! Enjoy. :) For the Glory! <url>#33, If you haven't receive a link via e-mail please go to <url>’t know your password you may request a password reset. With the Pledge Manager you can input your shipping address, select any additional optional buys you want, including extra base pledges, pay for your optional buys, and pay for your shipping cost. Your shipping cost is calculated once you have selected your items for purchase and input your shipping address. If you have completed your Pledge Manager, we would suggest double checking to ensure that your pledge: - has the correct shipping information. - is confirmed. - shipping costs have been paid. Don't be late! Failure to complete the Pledge Manager could cause your pledge to incur additional shipping costs as well as delaying your pledge from begin shipped on time. For the Glory! Thank you and take care, The CMON Team Hail Brothers and Sisters! We're back, and we bring good tidings! Production has been moving along at a brisk pace, and we have just received a few of the final production proofs of the miniatures for Blood Rage. This is a sample of exactly what you'll receive in your Blood Rage box later this year. We know you are eager to take a peek, so behold the strength and boldness of five of our viking clans! Please remember that the deadline for the Pledge Manager is May 29, 2015. If you have not confirmed your pledge and paid for your shipping costs, please do so. Failure to do so can prevent your pledge from being shipped on time as well as cause you to incur additional shipping cost. May Odin give you knowledge on your path. For the Glory! Hi Backers, We wanted to pop-in to give a bit more detailed description about how shipping is handled and what you can expect. CMON covers the cost to ship by boat the packages to each of the fulfillment hubs (USA, Germany, and Australia) at our own expense. Then, depending on where in the world you are located, the Hubs will ship directly to you from either Germany (EU Backers), China (Asia Pacific Backers), Australia (Australia and New Zealand Backers), Canada (Canada Backers), or Atlanta (USA and the rest of the world). The shipping charged to different countries may vary because the shipping cost itself varies, quite a lot in a few cases. Iceland and Greece have to pay 3 times the cost of other EU countries because, unfortunately, the shipping charges from Germany to Iceland and Greece are currently 3 times as high. Please understand, CMON is not making any profit off of shipping cost. Following is a list of rough estimates for shipping a standard game package (4kg volumetric weight). Please keep in mind these are just estimates, and costs may increase or decrease based on the quantity of stretch goals we might unlock and your carrier choices. USA : $10-$15 to most states. $30 to Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico. CANADA : $10-$20 to most cities. LATIN AMERICA : $50-$60 to most countries. ASIA : $7 to Hong Kong. $50 to most other countries. OCEANIA : $13-$25 to Australia. $30 to New Zealand. EUROPE : $10 to Germany. $15-$30 to most other countries. * $35 to Norway, Finland, Estland, Lettland, and Latvia. * $40 to Bosnia/Herzegowina, Croatia, and Serbia. * $55 to Bulgaria, Lithuania, and Romania. * $60 to Greece and Iceland. Of course, we are always ready to refund your pledge following our standard refund policy which can be found at the bottom of the campaign page. To ask for a refund please contact <email>. Please include your pledge number. Best Regards, The CMON Team Hail Brothers and Sisters! The Pledge Manager for Blood Rage is officially open. It’s time to fill out your orders! All backers are being mailed a link to the Pledge Manager. If you don’t receive a link within 24 hours please go to <url>’t know your password you may request a password reset. With the Pledge Manager you can input your shipping address, select any additional optional buys you want, including extra base pledges, pay for your optional buys, and pay for your shipping cost. Your shipping cost is calculated once you have selected your items for purchase and input your shipping address. The deadline for submitting and paying for your pledge is the 29th of May. Don’t be late! If you fail to finalise your pledge until the deadline, your order will be shipped later and from the USA hub, incurring higher shipping costs for international backers. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! First off, let me clarify something about the survey that was sent out last week: If you are a $1 backer (or didn't select any reward level) the survey will not be sent to you and you won't be able to fill it out. Don't worry, though. You'll still be included in the Pledge Manager system and will be able to indicate how many pledges you want, how many optional buys, and pay for your full pledge and shipping. Now, on to the fun stuff. After much deliberation, we've finally decided on the final name for "the-vikings-who-used-to-be-called-shamans". I present to you the Mystics of Midgard! And now what everybody's been waiting for, at last we've received the glorious final sculpt for Fenrir! Make sure to fill out your survey until next Monday. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The Kickstarter survey has been sent to all our backers. Please fill it out with an e-mail through which we can easily reach you. We also want to know how many of the Optional Buys you plan on purchasing. This entry is just so we know your intentions and can plan production accordingly, your actual final order will be placed later through the pledge manager. Please make sure to fill out your survey until April 5th, so that we have no delays or mixups. With this information we'll create the Pledge Manager which will be sent out to all of you soon afterwards. Hail Brothers and Sisters! Our time is done. As had been foretold, Ragnarök has come and put and end to everything. But we're Vikings, so nothing could be more glorious than that! And what an absolutely spectacular ending you have accomplished!! I think it's fair to say we couldn't have expected a more impressive turnout for this campaign. On behalf of Eric Lang, Adrian Smith, Mike McVey, and all the production team behind this project, I'd like to say it's tremendously gratifying and exciting to see so many people (IT'S OVER 9000!!) believing in this project and putting their faith in our work. We hope this game will bring you countless hours of enjoyment with your friends, as you battle and pillage your way to Valhalla! Well, the campaign is over, so what are the next steps? 1. A Kickstarter survey will go out in the coming weeks, which is hosted by Kickstarter itself. We'll ask you most importantly for your email address that you read (we won't spam you) - if you give us an email you don't check you will miss important updates - including when and how much to pay for shipping, tracking info and lots of important project communications. 2. We'll use the info you give us to populate an account on our pledge manager, and when that's complete we'll send you a link at the email address you gave us through Kickstarter. On the pledge manager, you will be able to specify which items you want, pay for additional items and also for shipping. In case you have any trouble processing your payment at the end of the campaign, please visit the Kickstarter's FAQ Page . We reproduce here the pertinent section: --- A project I'm backing just succeeded and my card was declined. What do I do? If your pledge was declined, just log in to Kickstarter and click the “Fix payment” button in the banner at the top of your screen. This will guide you through the process of changing your payment method. We'll also send you an email every 48 hours with a direct link to correct the issue. Don't delay, however: backers have 7 days to resolve payment issues before they are dropped from the project. Here are things to look into: 1. Check that you entered a valid credit card number and the correct expiration date. Make sure the card hasn't expired. 2. Confirm that your billing address and phone number are correct. 3. Make sure you haven't exceeded the credit limit on your card. If everything checks out, it's possible your bank put a hold on the charge. Please contact your bank to authorize the pledge. Once you've cleared up any issues with your bank or card, you'll still need to follow the "Fix Payment" link to retry your pledge. --- Once again, thank you very much for your support. And we hope to see you again in our next Kickstarter campaign, coming around the end of April: B-Sieged - Sons of the Abyss ! Visit the Official Site and keep tuned to the CMON Facebook Page for more updates. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! In a last, overwhelming onslaught, our last Stretch Goal has been totally and utterly destroyed! Backers will get the long heralded figure of Fenrir, the Wolf of Rangarök! As soon as his sculpt is in a more finished state, we'll be sure to share some pictures with you! And so all the Rage is spent. There is no more Blood to be shed. In these last couple of weeks you have fought valiantly, and with bravery gathered all the Glory there was to be had! There's naught left but to stand proud and welcome the fiery doom of Rangarök! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! What a glorious day! Like a true horde of berserking Vikings, our 8k+ backers have made short work of another Stretch Goal. Both the Wildboar and Ram Shamans have been unlocked to all backers (yes, even those not getting the 5th Player Expansion)! And so we come to the final Doom of our campaign. With Ragnarök upon us, it is time to break the chains of the one that's been long prophesized: Yes! If we reach 820k, all backers will get the Kickstarter Exclusive figure of Fenrir, the giant wolf, son of Loki, including his Monster Upgrade card! This Stretch Goal was actually conceived specifically due to the passionate suggestion of our backers. From the very start of the campaign it became obvious you really wanted to see the Fenris Wolf make his stand in Blood Rage, and so we have scrambled to give you just that! Adrian Smith managed to create this amazing piece of art in record time! However, that means the sculpting of this figure is still very much a work in progress (just missing some details like the tail, the claws, and, well... the head!). Its rules are also still being tested and are thus subject to change. But let's have a look at what we do have to show you so far: Fenrir is not really about just brute strength (although his STR 2 is nothing to sneeze at), but he's really the harbinger of Ragnarök. The beast that will devour the world! The clan that recruits him will actually be able to control what province Ragnarök will consume next. Whatever province Fenrir is in during the Ragnarök phase is the one that is actually destroyed this Age! Discard the Ragnarök token that's on the Age Track and instead use the one for the province occupied by Fenrir (unless he's in Yggdrasil, in which case his ability doesn't take effect). A savvy player can use Fenrir to maximise his Glory reward in Ragnarök, to wipe out powerful enemies from the board, or simply to lure his opponents away from areas of interest. Meanwhile, if the other clans wish to be able to benefit from Ragnarök, they'll either have to try and predict Fenrir's movements, or make sure he's sent to Valhalla before the next Ragnarök phase! Here's another look at the unfinished sculpt of Fenrir, with a human figure in a similar scale to our Vikings for a size comparison. This will be truly a glorious beast! This is it, my brothers. The final battle begins now. And then everything shall end. Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage! Rage against the dying of the light! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The land is crumbling around us, lava spewing into the sky, and another Stretch Goal has been burned to a crisp! Now all backers will get the Wildboar Clan. A full alternate exclusive clan to play as, with 10 figures and everything else you need! We remind you that you'll still need the 5th Player Expansion if you want to play with 5 players. Of course, the Wildboars shouldn't go to battle without some spiritual guidance, so our next Stretch Goal will take care of that: If we reach 750k, all backers will get 2 figures for the Kickstarter Exclusive Wildboar Shaman, as well as his reference card. With doom coming fast towards us, maybe we'd better double down on this Stretch Goal: Reaching 750k will ALSO give all backers 2 figures of the Ram Shaman, including his reference card! And rounding off the Shamans of Midgard expansion, backers will get 2 extra bases for each clan to help identify their shaman figures. One more day and the eternal shadow will cover the world. But we will not go quietly into the night! We will not vanish without a fight! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The end has truly begun! The final rush is upon us, and it has claimed another Stretch Goal! Now all backers will get the Bear Shamans as part of their pledge. The charge continues towards our next Stretch Goal. In case you missed it, the details about it were on the previous update . Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we shall go to Valhalla! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! To celebrate the amazing feat of reaching 7 thousand backers, we thought we'd unveil the next Stretch Goal. And this one is chock-full of goodies! If we reach 710k, all backers will get the complete Wildboar Clan! All pieces pertaining to this clan are Kickstarter Exclusive, and so will never be available at retail. It is important to note that this will not be a 6th player expansion, as the current incarnation of the game was not designed and tested to be played with 6 players. This special gift is meant to add more variety to your games, giving you an extra option of an exclusive clan to play as! Please note that the 5th Player Expansion add-on is required if you want to play a 5-player game, since it contains extra Gods' Gifts cards necessary for an extra player. The clans themselves are not tied to any specific player count, though. Any clan can be used in any game, regardless of the number of players. This Stretch Goal will include everything needed to play the Wildboar clan: 8 Warrior figures - including two different sculpts! 1 Leader figure 1 Ship figure 11 small colored bases 2 large colored bases 1 Clan Sheet 1 sculpted Glory marker 4 sculpted Clan tokens Editor's Note: I just love how heavy metal the Wildboar clan is! Sorry, just had to say that. There are only 2 days left in the campaign. Will there be time to unlock even more rewards? Let's not forget the Stretch Goal we still have ahead of us: For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! One more Stretch Goal has been vanquished, unlocking the Wolf Shamans for all backers! Of course, it's now time for the last clan of the core box to get its due: If we reach 660k, all backers will get 2 Bear Shaman figures, as well as his reference card. Regarding the possible renaming of the term Shaman, the two suggestions that seem to be both the most popular and best fitting are Seer and Mystic. Both sound like good possible replacements for Shaman, though we're worried a Seer is a bit too passive for these spiritual warriors. We are now truly entering the last Age of this world. The shadow of Ragnarök is covering the land. How much can we pillage before the end comes? For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Deep into the last weekend, the ground split open and swallowed another Stretch Goal. Now the Raven Shaman (or is it Seer?) joins the ranks for all backers! We're starting to pick up speed for the final stretch, so here's the next Stretch Goal: If we reach 620k, all backers will get 2 figures of the Wolf Shaman (or is it Mystic?), as well as his reference card! If you're playing with 2 or 3 players, one shaman Clan Upgrade card is added to each Gods' Gifts deck. If you're playing with 4 or 5 players, two cards are added to each deck. Each card players upgrade their clan with adds one shaman figure to their reserve, which they can then use to Invade and Pillage normally. Each card also bestows your shaman with a different ability granted by the gods. While a player could potentially have up to 3 shaman Clan Upgrades on their clan sheet at the same time, each clan is limited to 2 shaman figures. So the third card is only adding more abilities to your existing shamans. Time is running short. The shadow of Ragnarök is now truly upon us, but we shall fight in its shade! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The inexorable march of doom has claimed another Stretch Goal! Now all backers will get the Serpent Shamans to add this new mechanic to their game! Next, we have a very sweet old lady to introduce to you: If we reach 580k, all backers will receive 2 figures of the Raven Shaman, as well as her Reference card, and 3 more Shaman Clan Upgrade cards, for games with 4+ players. With these 2 new shaman figures, and the extra Clan Upgrade cards for larger games, the Shamans of Midgard optional rules are well on their way to be fully available to players. Shamans of Midgard? We are very aware that many of you are not fully convinced by the use of the term "Shaman" for these new units. To be perfectly honest, the production team has its trepidations about it as well. On one hand, 'shaman' is the correct term to describe these mystical people who draw their power through a connection to the spiritual world, and it's an instantly recognizable and evocative term. On the other hand, many people associate the term with native Americans (even though it actually originates in Asia), and feel it doesn't match the Viking flavor of Blood Rage. Well, while we're ok with moving ahead with Shamans, we are open to your suggestions! Please post your ideas for alternate names in the comments bellow (using #shaman before it to make it easy to find), and if something seems like a better fit, we just might change the game term. Please keep in mind a few things: We want to avoid obscure terms that people can't relate to; you shouldn't have to be a Norse mythology scholar to quickly understand what these figures are about. The term should also not be gender-specific, not too long (card space is at a premium), and all around easy to use during gameplay. Do you have any suggestions? We may have a weekend ahead of us, but that doesn't mean it's time to rest! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! With a thunder and a flash, we've struck down another Stretch Goal. Now all backers will have Thor joining them in their glorious conquests! With that, the Gods of Asgard expansion is complete for all backers! May the norse gods always favor your strategies! So what's next? Well, there's nobody better to connect the people of Midgard to the gods of Asgard than the mystic Shamans! As with the Gods expansion, this is something we originally envisioned as an Optional Buy for the campaign, but with the resounding success we've encountered, and with a whole week still ahead of us, we've decided to try and give you this extra game mode for free! If we reach 540k, all backers will get 2 Serpent Shaman figures, as well as their Reference Card, color bases, and 3 Clan Upgrade cards, one for each Age. Known by many names (Seiðmenn, Völva, Vísendakona, etc.) and possessed of different powers granted by their connection to the gods, these warrior-shamans will be a boon to any clan able to recruit them! With the figures and cards contained in this Stretch Goal you'll already be able to use the Shamans optional rules, albeit not in its complete incarnation, and with clans sharing the same Shaman sculpt. However, it shouldn't take us long to unlock this game mode in its entirety! Shamans are special units (neither Warrior nor Monster) that players can only employ once they've given their clan one of the Shaman Clan Upgrades. Each of these Clan upgrades adds 1 Shaman figure to your clan's reserves, which you can then use to Invade and battle normally. All Shamans have STR 2 and the special ability that allows them to Invade at no Rage cost. Clans are only able to recruit a maximum of 2 Shamans. Besides adding Shamans to your reserves, each of these Clan Upgrades grants your Shamans a special ability. If you collect several different upgrades, each of your Shamans will posses all the abilities you accumulated, making them incredibly resourceful and strategic additions to your clan! The fires of Ragnarök are glowing in the horizon. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! As we enter into the final week of the campaign, another Stretch Goal has been achieved. Now all backers will gain the gift of foresight brought by the Heimdall figure! Our next Stretch goal bring you the God of Thunder himself! If we reach 500k, all backers with get Thor, the Victorious, including his figure and God card to use the Gods of Asgard rules! Please note that Thor's sculpture is still a work in progress. Thor's ability gives extra Glory for players who crush their enemies. In a battle in his province, the winner will get an extra 2 Glory for each enemy figure destroyed in the course of battle. And here are a few more angles on the Thor figure: Once we manage do unlock Thor, the Gods of Asgard expansion box will be complete! All backers will receive this in its own box, as part of their Ragnarök pledge! One more week until Ragnarök finally consumes everything. What might we find beyond the gods? Even the very wise cannot see all ends. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! After a weekend of battle, the fog of war rises to reveal another Stretch Goal fallen to the ground. Now all backers will be able to gaze at the might of Odin sitting on his throne. As we head into the second half of the Kickstarter campaign, let's introduce a god that's always looking ahead. Perhaps he might give us some sign of what's to come! If we reach 470K, all backers will get Heimdall, the Watcher Guardian, including his figure and card to use him with the Gods of Asgard rules! Heimdall's sculpture is still very much a work in progress. For one, his horn Gjallarhorn is still in rough form. Heimdall's ability changes radically the way battles are resolved in his province. With his gift of foreknowledge, he forces players to reveal their Battle cards one at a time, in clockwise order, with the pillaging player revealing his card last. That means players are able to choose the card they will play in response to the cards already revealed by the players before them. We are only barely halfway there, folks. There's still a lot we might unearth if we push hard enough. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! By the grace of the gods, one more Stretch Goal has been unlocked. Now all backers will have Frigga's protective figure as a reward! Next we'll go to the very top of the chain. Behold the one-eyed wonderer in all his wise glory! If we reach 435k, all backers will get Odin, the All-Father, including his miniature, as well as his God card to use with the Gods of Asgard rules. Please note that the miniature shown here is not yet finalized. The above image is a composition of the sculptures of Odin and his throne, since they are still being put together in physical form. Odin's power showers the clan who is able to pillage his province with gifts. The clan gets the Pillage Reward an extra time, either raising one its stats two steps, gaining 10 Glory, or, if it's on Yggdrasil, raising all clan stats 2 steps! Here are some additional views of this amazing piece, showing some extra details (these photos were taken with Odin still separate from his throne, Hlidskjalf). We still have a long way ahead of us. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Adrian Smith's stunning artwork is a huge component of what makes Blood Rage such an epic game. From the very start of the campaign we've heard you asking for an art book of Adrian's work, showcasing the Blood Rage art in all its glory. Well, ask and ye shall receive: "Adrian Smith - The Art of Blood Rage" will be a limited edition Kickstarter Exclusive hardcover, full color book. With over 50 pages it will showcase all the artwork Adrian Smith did for Blood Rage. This will include not only all the pieces used for the different game components, but also preliminary sketch art and even some pieces that went unused. If you're interested in purchasing this optional buy, please just click the Manage Pledge button on the Blood Rage Kickstarter page and in the pledge manager add the amount of the items you'd like to add. We'll sort out what your extra money is going towards after the campaign has closed and we've sent out our pledge manager. And let's not forget the Stretch Goal we have ahead of us: For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Another hard battle has been won! Another Stretch Goal has been sent to Valhalla! Now all backers will be able to get the aid of the god Tyr in their battles. Well, it's Friday, so there's only one god we could dare to offer for the next Stretch Goal: the Shieldmaiden of Asgard herself, Frigga! (did you know that Friday comes from Frigga's Day?) If we reach 400k, all backers will receive the figure of Frigga, the Mother Protector, along with her God card to use with the Gods of Asgard rules. Please note that the picture of the miniature shown here is from the actual master sculpture, not the plastic reproduction. Frigga's power creates a very different situation in the province she's on. Quite simply, no figures can be destroyed in battle in her province. Battles can be won and lost, but Frigga's protection keeps everyone alive. This can be a saving grace, or a real curse if you're trying to go to Valhalla! She also creates a situation where it's easier to keep your figures on the board, meaning you better have your clan's Horns stat upgraded quickly, or you will be unable to invade with more figures. We'd like to show you a different angle of both the Frigga sculpture, as well as Tyr's. If only to show the beautiful details of Frigga's belt and dress, and the the awesome engraving in Tyr's shield, depicting the wolf Fenrir devouring his hand! Gods of Asgard Rules When playing with the Gods of Asgard rules, only two gods will be part of each game session. Randomly draw two god cards and place them next to the board so all players can see their powers. At the end of the initial setup, shuffle the Ragnarök tokens that are not on the board or on the Age Track and draw two of them. Look at the names of the two provinces listed on the tokens and place each god figure in one of them (these Ragnarök tokens are then put aside). Each god's ability is always in effect, changing the rules of the province they're in. The rest of the provinces are not affected. After a player attempts to pillage a province containing a god figure, whether he succeeds in the pillaging or not, he must then move the god to a different unpillaged province that does not contain a god figure. So the two gods can never occupy the same province, and they never go to a pillaged or destroyed province. At the beginning of the 2nd and 3rd Ages, the two gods are again placed in random provinces, determined by drawing 2 unused Ragnarök tokens. The combination of the two gods used in each game creates a unique texture to that session. They affect draft choices and influence the flow of the battles. Will your try to benefit from a god's power again and again by moving him where you want and always pillaging his province? Or will you do your best to neutralize him by pillaging around his province? Perhaps you'll want to attempt a hopeless pillage on his province just to move him onto another province where he will hinder another player's plans. They add a whole new layer to the game, without adding hardly any complexity to the rules. May the gods be always in your favor. For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Through Loki's cunning, one more Stretch Goal has been unlocked. All backers will now get Loki's figure and his God card to use him with the Gods of Asgard rules! Our next Stretch Goal will bring in a very different god, one that absolutely revels in the glory of battle! If we reach 370k, all backers will get the figure for Tyr, the Lord of Battle, along with his God card to play him using the Gods of Asgard rules! Please note that Tyr's sculpture shown above is not yet finalized. If Tyr is in a province where a battle takes place, the Strength of the figures count for nothing. All that matters is what Battle card you play. That means that with the aid of the Lord of Battle, even a single warrior might be able to defeat the strongest giant! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! By the grace of the gods, one more Stretch Goal has yielded before the Viking horde. The fearsome Mountain Giant has been unlocked to all backers! Our next Stretch Goal will introduce a whole new game mode to Blood Rage! This is actually something we initially planned on offering as an Optional Buy, but since the campaign is going so amazingly well, we decided to give it to you as a Stretch Goal. Please note that this is not an exclusive, as we don't want to introduce a whole new game mechanic that is unavailable to the general public. If we reach 340k, all backers will get a figure of Loki, the Trickster, along with his tarot-sized God card! Please note that the picture of the miniature shown here is from the actual master sculpture, not the plastic reproduction. With the Gods of Asgard rules, the God figure is placed on a random province at the start of each Age. That province is now subject to the special rules indicated on the God's card. After a player attempts to pillage that province, whether he's successful or not, he must then move the God figure to any other unpillaged province. We'll go more in-depth into the Gods of Asgard rules in a later update. On a side note, it seems one pretty awesome component from the base game kind of went unnoticed. From the very beginning, the Glory Markers for all clans have been these very cool sculpted stackable plastic tokens (we didn't have them finished in time to include them in the gameplay video). For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! With much clanging of axe against shield, another Stretch Goal has fallen to the ground! Now all backers will get the exclusive sculpted First Player token. At this point we want to present you with an Optional Buy that many have been clamoring for. We also want to reassure all of you that this campaign will have very few optional buys, so there's no reason to despair. The 5th Player Expansion introduces the mighty Ram clan into Blood Rage! This clan comes complete with 8 Warrior figures (in two different sculpts), 1 Leader Figure, 1 Ship figure, 1 Clan Sheet, 1 Plastic Glory Marker, 4 cardboard Clan tokens, 11 small colored bases, and 2 large colored bases. This expansion introduces the option of playing Blood Rage with 5 players. The game board supports this by simply not having any province destroyed by Ragnarök before the beginning of the game. However, more players need more cards, so this expansion box comes with 24 "Gods' Gifts" cards (8 for each Age deck). All of these cards have the "5+" players pre-requisite listed on them. While most of them are extra copies of cards from the base game, there are a few new ones, like the "Widespread!" Quest, where you need to dominate any 2 provinces. Please note that the 5th Player Expansion box itself is not a Kickstarter Exclusive, and will be available on retail later on, as we want the general public to also be able to enjoy Blood Rage in this mode. However, we want to give our backers some very special rewards. So if you purchase the 5th Player Expansion box in this Kickstarter, we'll give you the following Kickstarter Exclusive items: 1 alternate sculpt figure of the Dwarf Chieftain, with a "5+" card for Age 1. 1 alternate sculpt figure of the Dark Elf, with a "5+" card for Age 2. 1 alternate sculpt figure of the Soldier of Hel, with a "5+" card for Age 3. 4 sculpted Ram Clan tokens. The "5+" cards for these exclusive monsters are the same as the ones in the core box. Adding these extra cards to your decks is optional , and should be done if you want to have more monsters available to the players. If you're interested in purchasing this optional buy, please just click the Manage Pledge button on the Blood Rage Kickstarter page and in the pledge manager add the amount of the item you'd like to add. We'll sort out what your extra money is going towards after the campaign has closed and we've sent out our pledge manager. And let's not forget the big Stretch Goal we still have ahead of us! Raise thy weapons on this day, we shall not die alone! For the Glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The march of doom continues inexorably, claiming yet another Stretch Goal. The exclusive Mystic Troll has been unlocked for all backers! The next Stretch Goal will complete the fleshing out of the games' tokens: If we reach 280k, all backers will get the Kickstarter Exclusive sculpted First Player token. With this token, you'll never forget who's supposed to start the round. But let's not stop here. The Stretch Goal after that will truly make the ground shake! If we hit 310k, all backers will get the Kickstarter Exclusive Mountain Giant! This fearsome monster comes with its figure and card to add to your Age 1 deck. The Mountain Giant is a true behemoth, but since it counts as a Leader, it can Invade for free, and even benefit from Leader Upgrades you add to your clan! Please note that the pictures of the miniatures shown here of the Mountain Giant, and the Mystic Troll from the previous Stretch Goal, are from the actual master sculptures, not the plastic reproductions. For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! With the onslaught of our Hyborian brothers, we've managed to tear down another Stretch Goal! Now all backers will be able to use exclusive sculpted tokens to keep track of their clan's stats! I believe I don't need to remind you of what's coming next, do I? Well, the Mystic Troll is a patient beast, but we don't want to make it angry. Let's keep pushing and find out what the fates have in store for us. For glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! One more Stretch Goal down, unlocking the exclusive sculpted Doom token for all backers. We need to give special thanks to our friends from Monolith, who are going to create a whole new scenario for their hugely successful Conan game , to be played with Blood Rage figures! But what does fate hold for us next: If we reach 230k, all backers will get these Kickstarter Exclusive sculpted Clan tokens for their clans! Each clan will have a unique sculpt representing its clan animal. 4 tokens are used by each clan to keep track of your current Rage, and your three stats: Rage, Axes, and Horns. So each backer will get a total of 16 sculpted tokens if we reach this Stretch Goal! But we're not stopping here! How about we reveal one more Stretch Goal beyond that? If we reach 260k, all backers will get the Kickstarter Exclusive Mystic Troll monster! This monster will come with his miniature and a card to add him to your Age 3 deck. The fires of Ragnarök are heating up. For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! We are really tearing through Stretch Goals like they were so many helpless villagers! Now all backers will get the exclusive sculpted Saga token. The next Stretch Goal will be a beacon for Ragnarök: If we reach 210k, all backers will get a Kickstarter Exclusive sculpted Doom token. This is used to mark the province that will be destroyed next by Ragnarök, something that bloodthirsty Vikings can forget in the heat of battle. Designed by Adrian Smith, this token depicts the Triple Horn of Odin. The trumpets of doom may be sounding, but there's still a long battle ahead! For glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! At the dawn of our second day, one more Stretch Goal was consumed by Ragnarök! The Bear clan had its second Warrior sculpt unlocked, so no all clans in the Blood Rage box have two different sculpts for their warriors! Now it's time to go for something a little different. Let's add some more dimension to your game! If we reach 190k, all backers will get a Kickstarter Exclusive sculpted Saga token to help them keep track of their game's progress through the last Ages of the world. This monolith engraved with Viking runes was designed by Adrian Smith to represent the telling of your Viking saga! Let's carry on with this saga, there's still much to tell. For glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! The battle rages on, and one more Stretch Goal has been torn asunder. The Serpent Clan got its alternate warrior sculpt added to all Blood Rage boxes! Next, our bear brothers will show their quality. If we reach the 170k Stretch Goal, all boxes of Blood Rage will have 4 of the 8 Bear clan Warriors replaced with this alternate sculpt. We remind you that we're not adding extra miniatures to the box, as the game is balanced for a specific number of Warrior figures, but giving you more variety with two different sculpts for the warriors in your game. Ragnarök may be upon us, but this is still far from over. For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! No rest for Vikings! Another Stretch Goal has been pillaged and now the Wolf clan will come with two different sculpts in all Blood Rage boxes. Next we'll see the proud women of the north make their stand! If we hit 155k, the Serpent clan in all Blood Rage boxes gets half of its warrior figures substituted with this fearsome alternate sculpt (don't lose your head, guys). Let's keep the fires burning through the night. Who'll take first watch? Vikings can sleep once they're in Valhalla! For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Can you believe it's been only a couple of hours? Another Stretch Goal has been unlocked, so now all Blood Rage boxes will have two different sculpts for the Raven warriors. Moving ahead to the next Stretch Goal: If we reach 140k, all boxes of Blood Rage will have half of the Wolf clan warriors replaced by this alternate sculpt. It's only the first day, fellow Vikings! What riches and surprises await us beyond the misty veil? Let's keep pushing and find out together! For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Another Stretch Goal has been vanquished, and so all Blood Rage boxes will come with the Soldier of Hel monster, so the base box now comes with 3 monsters per Age. Next, it's time to add some more variety to our Viking figures: If we reach this Stretch Goal, 4 of the 8 Warrior figures of the Raven clan in all Blood rage boxes will be substituted with this alternate sculpt! Note that we're not adding extra miniatures to the box (as the game is balanced to a specific number of figures), but adding more variety to the Raven clan's Warrior figures. For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Before you can say "Muspelheim", the 90k Stretch Goal has been obliterated, and now all boxes of Blood Rage will come with the Dark Elf monster! Onto the next Stretch Goal, then: If we reach 110k, all boxes of Blood Rage will come with the Soldier of Hel monster for Age 3. It comes with its figure and card. Let's keep pushing. How far can we make it on our first day? For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! Things are moving so fast that our first stretch goal is revealed already unlocked! All boxes of Blood Rage will now come with the extra Dwarf Chieftain monster for Age I, including its figure and card. So what's next? Well, an extra Monster for Age 2! If we reach this Stretch Goal, all boxes of Blood Rage will come with the Dark Elf, including its figure and card! The battle has just begun, let's keep on and see where this takes us! For the glory! Hail Brothers and Sisters! By Odin’s beard, what an overwhelming response! The Blood Rage Kickstarter project has been funded in less than 3 minutes!!! All thanks to all of you who were eager to join us in this glorious battle! Your faith and support is immensely appreciated by the entire production team. A lot of blood sweat and tears (perhaps more blood than tears) has been poured into this project to get it to the point where it is today, and it is only through your support that we will now be able to bring it to fruition! So what does the rest of the campaign hold for us? Well, let’s find out together. This lightning start has caught us a bit off guard, but give us just a moment and we’ll prepare a nice update for you. For the glory!