Hello Lovely Backers! We've just packaged up the last of the Cdock rewards for Kickstarter backers! Everything that is shippable is in the mail! Yeah! Note: there are a few missing addresses, etc that we can't ship to. ALL of the backers who have not provided information have been notified. If you haven't heard from us or received your Cdock yet, it is in the mail already :) We don't have enough hours to track every package, so please remain patient as your Cdock finds it's way across the globe to your lovely home. Thank you so much for your support, none of this is possible without you! Please continue to support this project that you helped launch by sharing the Cdock with everyone you know and liking us on Facebook. facebook.com/theCdock ALSO, we have amazing news: We've finally been able to sign a workable manufacturing contract! All new Cdocks ordered at www.thecdock.com before December 11th will be shipped by December 15th, packages shipped that day are USPS guaranteed to deliver by Christmas. For overseas orders we can not be quite as sure because there are so many variables.. but we'll do our best. Thank you so much! James and the Cdock Crew of Two Please like us!!! www.facebook.com/thecdock Hello Lovely backers! Many of you have already received your Cdocks and have been emailing and letting us know how much you love them. Thank you so much! Your emails mean a lot to us and the kind words help us sleep better at night after long long days of work! Some of you still haven't received your Cdock (as of today) and we get several emails a day asking about shipping, so I thought it was time for an update! The last Cdocks owed as kickstarter rewards will go out this week! They are Aluminum overseas backers and all Walnut backers. Our main goal, since reaching our funding, has been to achieve manufacturing an affordable Cdock that not only preserves our original standards, but improves on them. There are now three people on our team and we are all still volunteering! Why are we doing this? Because this is what it takes to get a great idea off of the ground and we love our idea! For months we have been searching for a way to make the Cdock in the USA at an affordable cost. The materials we use are so nice, and our quality standards so high, that this has been a mountainous task. We have met many lovely folks along the way and James has been hard at work hand making every Cdock for our kickstarter supporters! As he makes them, he passes them to me and I ship them to you. My name is Adam :) As of today we believe we have found a way to catch up on all orders and ship everything by December 15th. That is the last day that the USPS guarantees delivery by Christmas. Please spread the word to your friends as the more Cdocks we sell, the better the deal we can negotiate with our US manufacturer, and the more likely it is we can put James to work full time :) Today we're running a free shipping promotion, so today is a good day to get one at the same price you backed us for!! Sincerely, Adam Please like us!!! www.facebook.com/thecdock We are thankful for you, your support, and your patience! Lots of people are emailing and asking for updates on shipping, so I thought I'd let you know that we're getting close! There are only three of us working on this, so it takes a lot of time and energy to get to everything. Please forgive us if we can't respond to every message. We're waiting on a bit more wood and aluminum and we're packing up lots of Cdocks to go overseas! All of our kickstart supporters should be taken care of within the next two weeks! Assuming it will take less than a week to get to you :) Here is a fun/scary fact for anyone starting a small business to think of in advance! We're about 75% of the way through our shipping and we've already spent $2,114.75 on postage alone! Not including packing/packages, etc. Whoza! Please like us on Facebook! That is where we keeping everyone up to date on what's happening and where you can view your fellow supporters' reviews as they come in! <url>"beta" so we're not advertising. But soon we will make a push and we want you (and your people) to have first dibs! Best Regards, James Hi All, We're talking to some folks about getting our c/docks made right here in Portland, Oregon. Obviously we're going to need some help and we're getting the team together! We'll keep you posted, but our hope is to have these babies ready to ship as soon as possible. In the meantime we've created a facebook page. Please "like" it so you can keep up-to-date on our progress. Like it: <url>