Happy Friday Everyone! CA7CH is taking an important turn today. I’m excited to announce that the assets of CA7CH have been acquired by iON Camera and will become part of iON’s Lifestyle &amp; Wearable business group. Our vision has always been to re-imagine the camera as a hands-free, connected device. We sought to create a new digital experience that will disrupt how all of us communicate and see life and in doing that, help people remove boundaries and bridge distance. We’re thrilled that iON shares and fully supports this vision. It has been a bumpy ride, with moments of despair but also of enlightenment. We did not always communicate with you as often as we wished but you have been a defining part of our journey and we are grateful for that. Your feedback and ideas inspired us and helped us stay focused on what we set out to achieve. Most importantly, this asset acquisition by iON will enable CA7CH to reward your faith in us by building an awesome product and sending you the rewards we committed to deliver for backing us. It remains CA7CH’s direct obligation to you and we now have the resources to make that happen as soon as possible. Working with the iON team, we will be bringing the Lightbox vision into production utilizing the latest technologies. We are also building the second iteration of the CA7CH App along with a robust cloud platform to support live streaming and hands-free sharing of your moments. Being part of the iON family will enable us to implement everything we wanted to build and more. We’re finally bringing the CA7CH vision to the mass consumer market and we are tremendously excited about the possibilities ahead. For that, we owe you a heartfelt thank you - our Kickstarter backer community who believed in our vision and pushed us forward. We are committed to delivering your camera to meet and exceed your expectations and will share a schedule ASAP. I personally want to make sure you are the first people in the world to ever hold the camera we dreamed together and I can’t wait to hear your thoughts on the experience with the new CA7CH App. Onward! Rom, Robert &amp; The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarter – Happy Monday! In Appreciation We finally have our Kickstarter Thank You Page up! It is our chance to tell you Thank You again for all of your support - this page is yours: <url>– in Times Square Before you go, we want to share with you our recent campaign - the Awesome contest! We are looking forward to seeing how you all use Lightbox, so much so that we want to encourage you to get creative and share your great ideas with the world. The best video will be featured in Times Square for millions to see! Take a look at www.ca7ch.com/nyc and share with your friends. <url>’s a tiny thing or as the CEO of one of our design partners told me the other day, “I’ve seen nearly all the wearable/sports cameras out there and yours is definitely pushing the envelope in terms of form factor, features, and size.” After fixing issues with the first run, we are now running the line for the second evaluation circle and if there are no surprises we should be ready to move into mass-production by early December, initially building 5,000 CA7CH Lightbox cameras. We are also putting together a landing page and a content challenge for creative minds who live adventurous lives and In November, we are planning to have about 100 Lightboxs distributed to a group of power users so if you are interested and think you can be awesome, let us know! We will post a link to the page later this week. We can’t wait to get you your cameras – and we bet neither can you. Just a little bit longer… The CA7CH Team Hi Kickstarter! We have been quiet here over the past few weeks – just super busy with ramping up production but we plan on doing better keeping you guys informed from here on! Our team has been working in China with our manufacturers to implement the changes we announced here into the production design. We now finished testing the updated board layout with 16GB internal camera storage (upgraded from 8GB), the 80deg. Camera FoV and the interface for the magnetically attached extended battery pack. New layouts looks like this: To accomplish all these changes WITHOUT increasing the size of Lightbox, we had to move the camera sensor to the edge of the board. But don’t worry, it still looks super beautiful! We will share an updated visual soon so stay tuned… What else? We added a lanyard so you can secure the camera – just in case you plan on flip-flopping in the air! And after a lot of testing with the prototypes, we decided we need to improve on the magnetic clip too – here is how it looks now, slightly bigger and much stronger: We have been working hard on the mobile app too! There is going to be an all-new look to the app with awesome editing and filtering features coming to the app stores soon. On delivery schedule, we foresee a slight delay in shipping due to enhancement implementation but not more than a few weeks. We are just about finished with the work and the new beta cameras – all changes in – are being manufactured next week. When we get them, we will let all of you know the updated shipment date – it will have 2014 at the end of it! We love you guys and will work to do better on keeping the community up-to-date with developments. The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarters, This is the update you guys have been waiting for: So many of you wrote to us and encouraged our engineers to make it happen so how could we say no? We are thrilled to announce that your LIGHTBOX will ship with 16GB of internal storage! We doubled the internal flash and you will be receiving the upgraded camera at no extra cost to you. This change may cause a slight delay in delivery date, estimated at 2-3 weeks, to accommodate re-engineering and board layout changes but we are still working to eliminate any schedule impact - an update on that will come in the next 30 days. Want to show us your love? Our Kickstarter campaign has ended and we are now accepting pre-orders! If you did not do that yet, now is a great time to order your extra battery pack and maybe that additional Lightbox camera for your loved ones. You can pre-order here: <url>’ve added the shipping costs to you pledge ($10.00 for Canada and $15 for international). - And don't forget to fill in the survey you will be receiving once the campaign ends. There we will ask you to confirm the color of your Lightbox, shipping information and other details that will help us service you better. Thank you again for the amazing support and for getting personally involved in making Lightbox a reality! Please share our campaign one more time and help us make a last push over the finish line!!! You are a part of building Lightbox now - welcome to the family and we look forward to staying in touch in the weeks and months to come! Rom, Robert, Leif &amp; The CA7CH Team. Hey Kickstarter! CA7CH Lightbox just hit 1,000 Backers . We wanted to take the opportunity to THANK YOU AGAIN FOR ALL YOUR SUPPORT! YOU GUYS ROCK. Some stats for you: Lightbox is now #1 wearable project on Kickstarter and in the top 2% of all Kickstarter projects ever funded . With backers from 43 countries around the world, we are excited to see our dream come to life. We want to ask you not to stop - pushing for doubling up now and can use your support! And keep on hitting us with questions and comments - your feedback and ideas are amazing. Before you go, we wanted to share with you a couple cool camera project we loved, that are currently live on Kickstarter. Thought you might like them too... - This one is a video stabilizer app - just in case you also own a gopro and need video fixing on the go: <url>’s double the current 8GB storage!). We are looking into your ideas about SD cards but while we do, wanted to make sure you have plenty of storage so that you can house more content working offline. Stretch Goal 2 When we reach $500,000, backers who have pledged @ $119 and above will get an external battery pack (that will at-least double the battery life!) and is designed to magnetically attach to the back of Lightbox. The CA7CH Team Hey Kickstarters, We wanted to say THANK YOU! Your support, awesome feedback, ideas and enthusiasm means the world to us. Bringing Lightbox to life is an amazing journey and we are thrilled to have all of you join us in re-imagining the camera. We are about to release our first stretch goal - keep tuned - it has to do with what we have been hearing from you. Keep those comments coming and tell us what's missing to make Lightbox even greater. Hi Everyone! Its been an amazing day so far. We just blown through our mid-way marker with 52% of the campaign funded just 10 hours after launch! We have been featured Kickstarter Staff Pick and hit #1 project in NY today - all thanks to your support! Pushing forward to meet our goal and stretch it out... Stay tuned - there is lots more to come Thanks again to everyone for supporting us in making Lightbox a reality Before you go, check out this cool video by @MudPuddleFarms: <url>