Hi Stower Country! We're getting a lot of emails now that we've started shipping the Candle Charger. Thanks so much for the great feedback and excitement about what we've built! We're excited about the level of quality of our first build. For those who have yet to receive your rewards, thank you so much for your patience as we work through our logistics process. We're starting to ship rewards to international backers in the coming days, and working through the final shipments to US and Canadian locations. Let us know if you have any questions. Charge on, Team Stower CANDLE CHARGERS ARE IN PORT Howdy Stower Country! Just got off the phone with our shipping folks, and we have confirmation that Candle Chargers have arrived! Waiting to get through customs, but they should be in our warehouse and starting to ship out to you all tomorrow, next Monday at the latest. If you have not yet filled out your shipping information, please do so now so we're sure to get you your reward! Thank you all once again for your support and patience. With your help we've made something new and amazing in the Candle Charger - excited to get you all powered up and to bring new energy to the world! Excited to announce that your Candle Chargers are boxed, loaded, and ready to set sail to Stower HQ! They look great, work great, even exceed FDA regulations for safe cookware - so get ready to charge up and boil-on indoors, outdoors, any time. Thank you all so much for your support, ideas, and patience over the last few months as we've brought the Candle Charger to life. Manufacturing can be tough stuff, and we couldn't have done it without our amazing project managers Antoine and Steve. THANK YOU, STOWER COUNTRY! By now, you should have received our backer survey asking for shipping information. Please be sure to fill this out accurately and in English so we can be sure to get your rewards out on time and get you charged up ASAP. Complete the form (most of you have), and definitely let us know i you have any questions or ideas in the meantime. And it looks like smooth sailing, so we should get you your Candle Chargers in a few weeks! Introducing SUGA - yoga mats made from recycled wetsuits Our really good friends at SUGA recently launched their kickstarter campaign for their new yoga mats made from 100% recycled wetsuits . Amazing product, and an amazing team - they even let the Stower grew crash on their couch when we have to brave the wilds of San Diego. Definitely worth a look:) Howdy Stower Country! No easy way to say it - you guys RULE! And to say thanks, we're offering you all a discount on the FlameStower Fire Charger - use the code "dec15" on our website before the holidays and get 10% off and free domestic shipping. Hot stuff! Now, why exactly do you rule so much? Turns out, with the help of our Kickstarter backers, the Candle Charger was recently named one of the Top 100 Innovations of 2015 in December's Popular Science! Excitement for the Candle Charger is heating up - thanks again for all your support, and definitely take advantage of our discount to get charged with the FlameStower this holiday season. Manufacturing Update We're starting the build of our Kickstarter units now, and everything is still on schedule to ship the units out by the end of December. We'll send out our address survey soon, and we should be getting you Candle Chargin' early in 2016! Charge on, Team Stower Hello, Stower Country! This just in... Our first batch of pre-production Candle Chargers! We only have a dozen or so, and we're gonna spend the next week trying our best to break them to pieces then bring our final revisions to the manufacturer to be sure we make the strongest product possible. Again, we built this in part to keep our grandparents charged during outages, so its gotta be simple, useful, and strong. On it. COMING WEEKS A lot is happening now, and in the coming weeks we'll need your help to start getting these kickstarter units shipped toward the end of December. In a few weeks you'll get a survey from us asking for your shipping address. Please respond to that survey with your current shipping address, IN ENGLISH. After that, it'll be a few more weeks until we start shipping. Rather than compete with holiday shipments, we're going to start shipping afterward. We'd love to hear from you, so feel free to send us your questions and comments. Big thanks, happy holidays, and Keep Building! Team Stower Ahoy, Stower Country! We've been on a bit of a whirlwind since our last update: Went to Austin, TX to talk to folks about the Candle Charger and reliable energy at SXSW, Made some new friends from China, Kenya and Zimbabwe to help bring our products to new international markets next year. Zimbabwe! Andy's car just kind of died on the side of the highway last week (he gave this interview from the side of the road) so he's been hitchhiking to work...in San Francisco...meeting really weird, amazing people. Like lead singer of a Michael Jackson cover band weird. Awesome. Just another month in the life of a young hardware company...oh yeah, AND WE'RE MAKING CANDLE CHARGERS! MANUFACTURING UPDATE - the Joy of Packaging We're in the middle of producing our next small batch of pre-production units - still on track for delivery in December. Given holiday shipping madness, you may not receive Kickstarter units until early January - we will keep you updated as we get closer. One of our greatest challenges has been the packaging for the Candle Charger - it needs to be strong enough to survive being dropped by delivery folks, retail folks, our shipping folks, us folks, and you folks! The Candle Charger itself is easy - but throw in the Stower Candle and things got muy complicado. But we did it! The above is the latest and greatest, and as close to bomb-proof as one can get with light weight, recyclable cardboard. Parting Words Thats all for now - will be back in touch in a few weeks with more info. As always, definitely let us know if you have any questions, feedback, or thoughts on how to improve the Candle Charger. Charge On, Team Stower Hello Stower Country! We tweeted this a few weeks back for the FlameStower, thinking it was awesome. Apparently not - the Internet can be very zen. We have a couple more FlameStower's in stock and available at StowerEnergy.com - get one today and get outside this fall! Production Update - its real now! Just ordered the parts, and we're moving into production on your Candle Chargers! One of the cool things that came from the KS campaign was a lot of you wanted to boil water for drinking/cooking with the Candle Charger - cook and charge, our kind of people. So we're making it food safe, with a ceramic coating on the water bath (check it out - shiny!) So Hot, we're InDemand! In celebration of National Preparedness month (really!), and because you all were so amazing during our campaign, we got picked up by an amazing program on another crowdfunding page. Launching today, the Candle Charger is now available for preorders at Indiegogo - weird! Check it out and share with your people: www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-candle-charger-reliable-power-for-outages Thanks all. We're still on track for shipments in December - yeehaw! Team Stower Hello Stower Country! Hope everyone had a great weekend. We had Monday off (kind of), and in the middle of our quasi day off we had the following conversation: - Andy: So do you guys really like the name "Candle Charger?" Kind of lame. We should find something cooler, something more, I dont know, rock 'n roll. Testarossa. Pantera. Something like that. -Jason: Sure, good idea. But not Testarossa. It has to be a name our customers like, something fun and memorable that relates to the Candle Charger. - Andy: Ok...so, how do we find a name like that? - Jason: I dunno, we ask them. And with that, we'd excited to announce... The Great Stower Naming Contest of 2015 We'd love to hear your ideas on a potential name for the Candle Charger, and thought it would be fun to have a naming contest. Heres the rules: Anyone can submit their idea for a new name for the Candle Charger - just send us a note through Kickstarter. Easy! If they're good, we'll pick the top three names We'll hold a vote in a future update. Winner of the vote is the new name of the Candle Charger, and the winner gets a Stower t-shirt! Names will be judged on their uniqueness, descriptiveness and ability to catch attention from a store shelf, and how the name relates to Stower and our first product, the FlameStower Fire Charger. So - let the naming begin! Stower Update We're still on track with our manufacturing and delivery plans: placing orders in the next few weeks for all materials and components for the Kickstarter units Doing a small production run in September to verify some new production tools (nothing major, just fine tuning production). Preparing for our blitz on South By Southwest in early October - cant wait! As always, let us know if you have questions or concerns. Until the next update - STAY CHARGED! - Team Stower SUCCESS! We had so much fun with our Kickstarter campaign - thanks to all our backers for helping make it happen! This is pretty much what we did last weekend - Jason bust some serious moves, and Andy even sported a Lionel-esque getup, sans leather. <url>"hardware" project - nothing like the Candle Charger has been mass produced before, meaning we have to bring new things to life and be sure it works when we put it all together. Pretty exciting (well, for some - its also extremely tedious!) - heres what you can expect along the way: Updates! - we'll definitely keep you updated on manufacturing progress, with a chance we'll ask our backers for design feedback as we finalize the details. Surveys - we will send out a survey in a few weeks for your shipping information. From our first campaign we learned its very important that your name and shipping information is entered completely, correctly, and in English. But dont worry - we know this rodeo and will be there to help you out along the way. Shipping - we're still on track to deliver your rewards in December. HOORAY! So - stay tuned, have a great Labor Day if you're in the US, and Stay Charged! Team Stower ps - if you're into readiness and camping, you might be interested in the Oasis water filter on KS right now ! They're doing some innovative stuff with water purification, definitely worth a look! We're on the home stretch, Stower Country! We've had an amazing campaign with the Candle Charger here on Kickstarter - thank you all for your great support, questions, and for helping spread the word about the Candle Charger and new, reliable energy! A few more days to go - LETS DO IT! UPDATES FROM TEAM STOWER One of our backers requested Stower show the fiber of our fabric, asking us to post a video of the Candle Charger charging an iPhone 6 while measuring the current output. So last night, we did it! And we see a very stable 470 mA. Check out the video below (and the first one to respond with the movie playing in the background gets a prize:) <url>"hey, this Candle Charger is pretty rad!" - as we finish off the campaign. Afterward, we're nose to the gridstone with getting the units built and delivered on time. We're well on our way - we'll share pictures from our next pre-manufacturing build scheduled for next week! - and will be sure to keep you all updated on our progress. In the meantime - STAY CHARGED! Team Stower ps - just found out about this campaign from some dudes in Germany for a fun new drone that you can control with your smartphone. Exzellent! AHOY, STOWER COUNTRY!!! On this, the penultimate update during our Kickstarter campaign, we'd like to express our gratitude to you, our backers and supporters. Join us. Lets gather round the Stower table, young and old...and charge a phone. Ahh...if only we were that wholesome. One week left - lets make it a great one! Thanks for helping us spread the word by sharing the Candle Charger with your friends! Behind the Scenes You guys have been amazing during our campaign - lots of great support, some valuable feedback on how to improve the Candle Charger, and tons of questions! We're focused on making the last week of our campaign an exciting one to give us great momentum as we move into production. We'd love to hear from you - your ideas and recommendations are invaluable to building a great product - and we'll be providing more updates as we move closer to production. However, we thought it would be fun to share a little about why the Candle Charger looks like the Candle Charger. Evolution of a Stand One of the things we've stressed during our design process is safety - we want the Candle Charger to be safe enough to use on your kitchen table. "Grandma safe" we call it. Here's our first real prototype. The idea was the stand would swing from "stowed" into standing position. Really cool design, with one flaw - in certain instances, the joint for the stand weakened and the water bath fell over! Grandma drenches her doily. We worked for months on a solution where the legs would be attached to the water bath and reliably, safely keep it standing. We succeeded, but the design wasn't manufacturable so we ditched the idea and focused on the current detachable stand design. Then the fun began - how to manufacture it? Easiest and most economic was a simple weld, but it looked awful in early production prototyping. Blah . Next, we tried a standard rivet, but again the results were visually pretty bad and we couldn't get a strong, repeatable, conformal joint due to the curve. Check it out: Then, in the depths of design agony with the potential of a hideous looking leg assembly, eureka ! Our manufacturing project manager Antoine came through in the clutch with an elegant, manufacturable, extremely stable design. Thanks Antoine! And so goes the legend of the Candle Charger stand - a ton of work on some very minute details, but we think it makes for a great, safe product. We think you'll agree! Until next time - STAY CHARGED, KICKSTARTER! Team Stower We Hit Our Stretch Goal! Thank you everyone for the great support in helping Stower hit its stretch goal! We're thrilled to be getting folks charged up with the Candle Charger, keeping you energized and connected during power outages or in the outdoors. We've also just unlocked our "buy one, give one" reward, exclusively available here during our Kickstarter campaign. With each Candle Charger reward reserved at retail cost, we're integrating a Stower charging system into a clean cookstove in Guatemala. The system looks a little like this, with a Candle Charger attached to the top hot surface of the Ecoestufa. Why We're Doing This When the power goes out, the first thing we do is call our friends and family to get information and make sure everyone is alright. Thats why we built the Candle Charger and launched in Kickstarter - the Candle Charger is new, and nothing else is really good at reliably charging a phone during power outages. Now imagine you had a smartphone - incredibly rad technology in the palm of your hand - but didn't have power to keep it charged, ever? Thats the reality for about 500,000 people in Guatemala and more than 1.2 billion people in the world today. We get it - charging a phone seems like pretty small potatoes. But when we think about what mobile technology and communication does - the huge value it provides all of us as individuals - that tiny bit of energy becomes exponentially important. So we're doing it - personal, sustainable electricity from energy sources we control - and you our Kickstarter backers are helping make it happen. Thats definitely worth a Monday morning "YEEHAW!" and a huge thank you to our Kickstarter community. Now - lets Get Charged and see what we can do! FRIDAY! Fun week on the Kickstarter trail - you guys are amazing, and now that we've hit our goal we want to cap it all off by trying something great. Our First Stretch Goal! $50k - Buy One, Give One For about six months, Stower has been working with Grupo EBIS in Guatemala on a project where we're integrating Candle Charger technology into efficient, clean burning cookstoves - called Ecoestufas - for off grid homes. Heres some pictures from Andy's visit to Guatemala last winter and early prototyping at Stower HQ. More information on our project and partnership is available here and here . Once we hit $50k, we'll unlock a Buy One, Give One reward where you can back a Candle Charger at retail pricing and that pledge will cover the costs for integrating a changer into one of the Ecoestufas. Heres why this matters: These stoves go to homes where families cook over open fires and lack electricity. The Ecoestufas provide significant health and environmental benefits to the families using them - reduced smoke inhalation, reduced fuel usage, increased safety in the home. Integrating Stower technology lets individuals Cook &amp; Charge - an efficient, sustainable way to generate small amounts of power for lights and mobile phones. Excited to offer this reward and see what we can do. We'll be charging hard to hit the stretch goal - thanks for your continued support! Team Stower Happy funding to you, happy funding to you, happy FUN-ding dear Candle Charger, happy funding to you! Great news, Stower country - WE FUNDED THIS MORNING! Totally pumped - thank you thank you thank you! To celebrate, we're excited to unlock our first campaign surprise, the Stower P.O.P Kit! P.O.P = Power Outage Prepared! A lot of you have mentioned the Candle Charger would be great in an emergency kit (looking at you, TIME), and the P.O.P Kit is Stower's update on traditional home readiness kits. Designed specifically for average length power outages (1-3 days), the P.O.P Kit includes a Candle Charger, two Stower Candles, water, USB flashlights, and other gear you might not already have handy that can be a big help in outages. The P.O.P Kit is available for backing now, and more information is on the page. Check it out, let us know what you think, and thanks once again for bringing the Candle Charger to life. More exciting news and stretch goals coming soon - time to kick out the jams and Get Charged! Team Stower Hello Stower Country! Here we are, two weeks in and knocking on the door of our fundraising goal - ALMOST THERE! Thanks so much for your early support and for helping spread the word about the Candle Charger and new energy. Its working: Time.com digs us Reuters sent a camera crew to film the HQ And we just got picked up by the dudes at Uncrate ! And for some reason our demo video has been viewed 267 thousand times in over 20 countries - wish I wore a nicer shirt, like this one! Prototype, Prototype, Prototype We have some exciting updates heading your way once we hit our goal, but thought it would be fun to share some of our prototypes as we built the Candle Charger. Enjoy! This one is interesting, because it highlights a couple important lessons that influence the current design. Key changes include: Ditching the rotating legs - this would have been AWESOME if we could have gotten it to work reliably and be affordable. Alas, no dice. From Plastic housing and legs to all metal. We were originally pushing for plastic, the idea being we could insulate it efficiently to actually grab the water bath without needing a handle. We were on a good path, but couldn't get the durability high enough on the plastic (too brittle and cracked easily). Everything else is pretty close to the current version on our campaign! Ahh, memories. Charge On, Team Stower YEEEHAWWW!!! Good to be back on Kickstarter, and we're charged up with the great Day 1 response from you, our early backers! We definitely couldn't do this without you - thanks, and remember to share the campaign with your friends (thats the real magic of Kickstarter!) Actually, we weren't sure about putting the Candle Charger on Kickstarter - its not an app, wont take your picture or put you into outerspace. But it will charge your phones and other USB equipment when the grid cant - keeping us connected to what matters - and now that we're live we're feeling good and ready to roll! Day 2 is starting out even better - Gizmag got it right , the Candle Charger is breaking new ground in personal energy! We're working hard to make this campaign a success and build you a great, reliable product. So...stay tuned for some big updates once we get closer to our fundraising goal, and Stay Charged!