Head on over and back us! By popular demand, we've developed a Triple Decker version, plus lots of design improvements and cool stretch goals to customize your gaming! Click on over and check us out: <url>"zap away" the corresponding negative details of the Card Caddy into the piece of metal that will become the final tooling. There will be another half with the details of the other side of each part, but these are the more detailed pieces that needed to be done. So, I could get my first shots by the end of the week and still maybe make the goal of getting production runs by the end of the month! Keep your fingers crossed - I am! Thanks and happy gaming- Chris Here we go again! Feeling good about my new manufacturer and they are projecting I'll have parts in hand by the end of Nov! We'll see if that holds, but I'm keeping my fingers crossed. Pictures of the tooling and production process to come in the next weeks to confirm that it really is happening this time. When I started this business, I thought that sales and marketing would be my biggest challenge, but those parts of the company are going pretty well. In fact, I've had to defer some big sales because the manufacturing part of the business has been so challenging. I sent out over 50 Requests for Quotes mainly to companies that specifically advertised that they did injection molding of toy and game parts in the small to mid-volume range. I got 5 responses. Three of them just stopped corresponding to me when I had some questions or clarifications on the quote. I guess the economy in the injection molding sector isn't as bad as other areas since so many of these companies just ignored a new business opportunity. Anyway, things appear to be back on track - thanks once again for your patience and support! -Chris Short story: I am pretty sure my manufacturer has been misleading me about the status of production. I haven't seen any evidence that they actually have completed the molds for my project. I am working to negotiate a refund from the manufacturer and will likely have to start from scratch with a new producer. Production of your rewards will still proceed, but will be delayed Long story: Over the few months, I've been getting conflicting stories, and no real signs of progress on my production. I've been increasingly skeptical that anything was moving forward (I kept hearing the same excuse a few times - that they had to repolish the tooling, Chinese holidays shut them down, the shipping company going out of business, etc) so I demanded to see some pictures of the tooling and what they're doing. Another week went by, and I demanded again to see some pictures. Finally, below are the best of what I got: If anyone can spot a feature of my product, please let me know so I can calm down, but in my opinion, these photos could have been anyone's tooling. My distinct impression is that they sent me these in the hopes that it would placate me for awhile longer. But, I've had enough at this point. I am seeking a full refund of what I've paid to them. The president of the manufacturing company is supposed to call me later today and we'll discuss the options then. So, that's what I know for now. I am collecting quotes from US-based manufacturers this time - it's more expensive but more certain. Production of your rewards is still my primary focus and although this is a big setback, I am confident that I will be able to product them. Sorry for the bad news and the delay...every week, I kept feeling like the news would finally break for the good and it just kept getting worse. But I have a path forward and will stay focused on that. -Chris The re-production of the Card Caddies and accessories is continuing along, though more slowly than I'd like. They are working them in around other scheduled production runs, which slows things down overall. It's a bummer to be at the bottom of the list since my volumes aren't very big in the overall scale of things, but I am haranguing, harassing and hassling my production company as much as I can. I've also been pressuring them to air-ship a portion of the order when it's done so I can start getting some rewards out. If I can get them to pay then they should be getting here to the US in early Sept. I am thinking of offering an extra incentive - maybe an extra Card Caddy - if you're willing to wait for the ship via sea. Stay tuned and I'll provide a survey to get an idea of how many people would want to do that when I have a better idea of actual delivery times. Since there's only so many times I can harass my manufacturer before getting on a blocked list, I've been keeping busy with sending out some care packages of Card Caddies (and snacks!) to military units deployed overseas. Here's one I sent out last week: If you know of a forward deployed unit who would like some free Card Caddies, just let me know and I'll get some out to them! Until the next update (and hopefully news that I have some ready to ship to you!) - Thanks and Happy Gaming! -Chris Hi everyone - just got back from GenCon and it was great. You can read up about how it went on our blog . I got to meet lots of you and really appreciated the words of support and understanding. The Double Decker, Box and Connector parts that I did have on hand were a big hit and lots of people really liked playing with the Dice Tower prototype, too. On the rewards front, my manufacturer will officially call off the hunt for the products at the end of the week and rerun the production. I will make sure they photo-document every step of the process this time so you all can see what's going on as it happens. In some other Card Caddy-related news, the day I got home from GenCon, my new Single Decker color arrived - Camouflage! These are available on our website now and will be on Amazon, Walmart.com and some other outlets in the next few weeks. That's it for now - thanks again for your support! -Chris We've still had no luck tracking down exactly where my shipment is. If you've got specific questions about what's going on, let me know - there's a whole Russian-novel worth of stuff I've been working through to figure this out. The short story is that there was some breakdown between the factory and ship and the pallets are most likely in some warehouse in China, but no one can seem to figure out where. It's definitely a bummer, but there is some silver lining - if we can't find it in another week, we'll get a "redo" on the manufacturing at no cost and that order will ship to me expedited. So you'll get your rewards, just a bit later than I promised. It's been a frustrating process - I'm still a small-scale customer, so I'm low on the priority list for the manufacturer and my representative. I get that, but at the same time, I shouldn't feel like that in my dealings with them. My normal routine is an email in the morning, and a call in the afternoon asking for updates and it's usually met with "we haven't heard anything yet, but we'll let you know as soon as we do". I want to see how things pan out before I drag any company's name through the mud, but the same old excuses are starting to get old. I appreciate all of the positive and supportive comments from everyone - that's been a big bright spot during this setback. In the meantime, we're looking forward to a really great time at GenCon later this week. If you're going to be there, we'll be in Entrepreneur's Alley at booth 2958. You can check out the prototype of the Dice Tower and our awesome new banners! Happy gaming! Chris Unfortunately, just when everything seemed to be going well, I've got some bad news to report. The ship that the rewards were supposed to be on arrived, was unloaded, and my products were not on there. My reps are still trying to track down exactly what happened - did they go on another ship, are they still in China on the docks, did they get missed on unloading? But, unless there's some sort of minor miracle, this will probably set us back a month on getting your rewards - very sorry to report that, but they are made, and as soon as they get to me, I am ready to ship them to you. I had lots of other good news to report before this item came in - I received the custom backer-only tokens I am going to enclose as a special gift and they look great. I just got two really cool pop-up banners for GenCon and they look great, too. And, my first prototype for the snap-on Dice Tower is working well. But, not having the Doubles and Connector + Box for GenCon is a real blow - I had made some big plans to roll them out there. So, I will keep you all posted as I track down where, exactly, my products are. Sorry again for the bad news and thanks for your patience. Hi all- Not too much news to report, but all is going well. Production is up and running. Got the first samples and they are looking great. Had some requests for more pix so here they are: I just locked down the Backerkit survey - if you need to change or add anything, just let me know. Credit Cards should be charged at the end of the month if you added to your pledge. Still looking good for shipping out in July. That's it for now - sometimes no news IS good news! -Chris The reward survey will close on June 9th. If you didn't get the link to the Backerkit pledge manager, here it is: <url>’re all good to go! You will be able to answer questions about your rewards preferences, provide shipping information, and pledge for more “add-ons” if you'd like. If you use your Facebook login for your Kickstarter account, the BackerKit survey will be sent to the email you used for your Facebook account. If you have another email address that you would prefer to use, please contact support at . backerkit.com /faq and we'll get you sorted out! Hi all- time for another update! All is going well with the production of your rewards - here are the details: The winner of the new color survey is...Purple! At 35%, it beat out the two next closest colors, orange and gray, that both got around 20%. My favorite "freeform" answer was "transparent". Cool idea- I'll look into that one. But for now, your color selections for the Double Deckers will be the 5 base colors + purple Production of the tooling (the big metal molds that make the parts) is progressing on schedule. I'd hoped to have some pictures of the process by now, but there are apparently some proprietary steps in making the tooling and it's been a hassle to get them approved for posting. Should be getting the first samples in the next week or two. The Pledge Manager is set up and ready to send out. This is where you'll be able to pick your colors and add-on extras to your pledge. I am still waiting to see if I can include one more surprise as something you can add-on until I make the Pledge Manager live. Just waiting on the final numbers to see if its feasible - I think you'll all be excited if I'm able to make it happen. Got a number of comments from backers asking for a "packaging free" version of the rewards. I probably won't be able to do that, or if I do, I'll just be removing the packaging they originally came in and sending them along. It's really just a matter of cost effectiveness - if the production process has to manage a different stream of items (packaged vs non-packaged), it adds cost and the chances for shipping and logistical errors. I've tried to keep the packaging as minimal as possible, but still give the product a good "shelf presence" that is needed for retail sales. There's lots of great stuff going on with the overall Card Caddy business,too: I tried out for Shark Tank last week. It went really well and was a great experience. You can read more about here if you're interested in the process. If I make it further in the process, I'll hear back from them in about a week. I moved the business out of my garage and into a real office. This was mainly because I'm bringing on a part time person to do daily shipments since it's a requirement to get listed on Walmart.com , Target.com and other online outlets I'm working with that require drop shipping capability. Getting on the respective ".com"s of the big box retailers is one route to start getting your product into the physical stores, too. It's a modest little office - I am mainly happy to have regular access back to my beer fridge in the garage! I'm working with a direct response television marketing company to produce and air a commercial for the Card Caddy. I had to really sell myself on the "infomercial" aspect, but they really are effective. The ad will roll out in test markets by the end of the month and if it hits certain metrics, could go to nationwide airing through the rest of the year. So, keep your eyes out for the "but wait, there's more!" moment for the Card Caddy. I'm continuing to get the Card Caddy in more local stores around the country. I've been working on building relationships with toy and game distributors, but haven't sealed a good deal with any of them in awhile. Just a matter of getting word on the product out to more people. For those of you in the tabletop gaming community, I'll be attending Origins (but I was not able to get an exhibitor table, though) and exhibiting at GenCon. I'd like to try to fit in some local cons, too, as time allows. So, overall, things are going really well both with the production of your rewards and with the business in general. You all helped make this happen, with the funding of both my original Kickstarter and this one. Thanks for the support, and keep on gaming! -Chris Double Decker and Storage Box are unlocked! I'll keep you all posted in the coming days and weeks on our progress. Probably the first thing you'll see is a survey to pick the new color unlocked thru one of the social media goals. Thanks again and I'm looking forward to fulfilling your pledges! We've got one last day to hit that storage box stretch goal - here's some info that may make it easier for you to up your pledge: In the Pledge Manager after the campaign is over, you'll be able to add-on all of the products I have available: Single Deckers, Double Deckers and hopefully the storage boxes. Anything you pledge that's over your pledge level will be a credit in the Pledge Manager system that you'll be able to use to get more stuff. So, if you've pledged $50 at the $35 dollar level, you'll have $15 in credit to add-on anything you like. Don't worry that if you want to pad your pledge and just get Single Deckers after the campaign is over that it will throw off the total funds I'm raising - it will work itself out. Hope that makes it clear - and easy - for you to up your pledge! Thanks again for all the support and excellent advice and input! <url>