The last of Tome of Mystery were taken by the helpful hands of postal workers yesterday. I think the latest delivery date I saw was the 11th. You are spread out all over everywhere. I am working on the premium backer levels, and will be contacting you about recording. Thank you for your support and patience. I have the CDs in my house and I am now waiting for mailers to arrive so that I can zip them in the mail. I emailed download codes this afternoon. I mailed out all of the Dance in the Fire CDs and T shirts last July. It seems some of you never got them and I have re-mailed to many of you. There are still a few of you for whom I have neither an email nor snail mail address. When the kickstarter closed, they sent you a survey to get your address and t shirt sizes. Some of you never filled it out and so I remain ignorant. Please help me out. I hope I still have a t shirt in you size. Well, there is anger and disappointment here, and rightly so. I am very late in getting the bardic Cd recorded, but it is at the production house now. If you watched my video or read my album notes, then you know that the CD was dedicated to my Mother who died shortly before I started recording. What no one in my family knew at the time was how much energy, both physical and emotion, would be needed to take care of my Dad. I frankly felt overwhelmed most of the time. His living arrangements changed in February and I finally felt like I was able to come up for air. The Second CD, Tome of Mystery is now at he factory in production. I should have it in my hands in early June. I will start sending it out ASAP. I re-sent download codes to those folks due them. I have found a way to get Poetry of Wonder up on the web so that I can get codes for that as well , and I will be sending out codes for it, and Tome of Mystery when it comes to bare. For those of you have still not received a physical package and are due one. I have mailed and mailed and mailed. I even re-mailed to two folks for whom I had delivery confirmation. I think you will really enjoy the new CD. It has almost 75 minutes of song and story and I have really put myself into it for you. If you still think that you need a better resolution, then email me and I will do what I can to set things right. If you feel that you cannot find resolution here, then I will refund any unrewarded pledges via paypal. Thank you for your initial hope and support, and I hope that I can re-earn your trust. Walk in peace. All of you who end up getting a second download code, they are yours to give away as you see fit. How many of you will be at PSG? I can bring your shirts wit me and you will get them that much sooner? I just placed the order for T-shirts!!!! WEEEEEEEE! I think that I will get this information from the survey I send out , but just in case, I am asking everyone who backed at 40 bucks or more to send me you T-shirt size . What a ride it has been and still continues to be. Today is the last day, it ends at 8, of my Kickstarter, and I think the last day (unless I get possessed by some great, and at the moment hidden need) of recording. There is still a whole bunch of producing work left to do- eq, timbre, minute here and there volume changes, and calls on what to bring up, and what to chunk in the ash can. I may yet throw away concepts and simplify. We shall see. Thanks to all of you for putting up with my constant posting about Dance in the Fire. It has, by needs, filled my every waking moment that I am not actively doing something else. It will continue to do so until I ship the final recordings. I want to thank everyone who has backed me on Kickstarter and everyone who has spread the word about it. Some of the ponds that people threw stones in went unnoticed by me for a while because I have had my head down pulling the plow. I haven't been this excited by a project in a long time. I just laid down the basic tracks for the 12th and final cut, The Water is Rising! A great day in the Kitchen Studio. I did punch ins all around, and tightened up rhythms. I am starting to work toward final mixes on some of the cuts now that I have decent monitor speakers. I am very fried but happy. My new studio monitor speakers arrived today so that I can get you the best mix of music possible. Thanks for your support. I am getting excited Oh wow! You took me to my stretch/push goals. That means we all win!! You have no idea how hard it is to run sound while wearing zills. The artist who created this awesome glyph is named Gordon Napier. His sites can be found here. <url>