Hi Backers, A big shout-out to our supporters! We surpassed our stretch goal so SmartTek integration is already in progress. You'll be able to learn more about this after our next update, as we'll have a link to their website, which is currently being finalized. A special thank you to ALL our backers since day one - we certainly could not have done it without you! Besides the production funding we have obtained, we are much more grateful to have a community of supporters like you. We will have a final production sample shipping to us next week - if it is acceptable we will begin designing the packaging for CommBadge. We will share our design concepts on Kickstarter next month for your much valued feedback. We are really moving along. You will receive an email in approximately 3-4 weeks, so you can choose your CommBadge color and accessories, and provide us with your shipping information. Again, THANK YOU – we are proud of what we have accomplished but are even more excited for what is coming next! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hello Backers, We hope everyone had a great weekend! We wanted to take a moment to thank all of our backers for your support. We're about halfway to reach our $25K stretch goal, with 6 days to go. This is great! We ask you one last time to take a minute and please share this project on Facebook. Also, you can Tweet it more than once, so again, we won't bother you anymore about sharing after this update. We are making good progress with the new layout for the PCB revision B. We remain on schedule with our original fulfillment timeline. Have a great week! Cheers, The CommBadge Team As promised we will begin PCB (rev. b) production this week instead of waiting until the end of the campaign. This will move production about three weeks closer than if we waited. However, we really want to reach our stretch goal of $25,000. Your continued sharing will make this happen! If you recall, the stretch goal is; "When we reach our stretch goal of $25,000 we will incorporate a mobile panic mode into the firmware of the initial launch units. This was something we were planning for a long time, but due to the added engineering work we decided to leave it out of the first production batch. CommBadge has partnered with SmartTek Systems, enabling a virtual personal security guard for your smartphone. In a panic situation, by pressing and holding CommBadge's single control button for more than 5 seconds an emergency number is silently dialed to your alarm company's central station. The central station attendant will then be able to "listen-in" undetected and dispatch the appropriate emergency personnel; police, fire or medical. This service will be offered through dozens of security industry providers with over 600,000 current customers. This new service will expand CommBadge's usefulness to even greater heights. Think of it as a mobile panic button, just like the one you probably have in your home already. It will give the CommBadge user full security on the go! Give a CommBadge to all your family members for complete piece of mind. Also, the iOS and Android apps will have the ability to monitor your children through geofencing. Don't worry, privacy is very important to us, this feature will require an opt-in. More details to follow when we get closer to launch. Each security provider will decide the costs. Some will give it away for free (to current subscribers) while others will charge a monthly fee. Please do not request pricing details from CommBadge until we officially announce our partners. Of course this is optional, if you don't want this fee-based service you will be able to assign the emergency number to "911" through the iOS and Android apps. Awesome!" A project we like... Star Trek Ambush by Greg Lock A short independent Star Trek film, introducing you to a new crew and ship, The USS Ambush. "Star Trek: Ambush" is an upcoming short independent live action Star Trek film, approximately 20 minutes in length. It is being produced by a group of filmmakers all with many years filmmaking experience and with enough different skills to cover all aspects of filmmaking. Thank you and best regards, The CommBadge Team Tune in tomorrow at 8/7 pm CST (GMT 12 am Sun, April 6) to 1100 KFNX or go to <url>"listen-in" undetected and dispatch the appropriate emergency personnel; police, fire or medical. This service will be offered through dozens of security industry providers with over 600,000 current customers. This new service will expand CommBadge's usefulness to even greater heights. Think of it as a mobile panic button, just like the one you probably have in your home already. It will give the CommBadge user full security on the go! Give a CommBadge to all your family members for complete piece of mind. Also, the iOS and Android apps will have the ability to monitor your children through geofencing. Don't worry, privacy is very important to us, this feature will require an opt-in. More details to follow when we get closer to launch. Each security provider will decide the costs. Some will give it away for free (to current subscribers) while others will charge a monthly fee. Please do not request pricing details from CommBadge until we officially announce our partners. Of course this is optional, if you don't want this fee-based service you will be able to assign the emergency number to "911" through the iOS and Android apps. Awesome! Other Projects We Like STAGE 5 Dock - Smartphone Dock That Can Do More Staggering design packed with great sound. Works with iPhone, Android, Windows Phones and other Bluetooth enabled devices LUPO - Find, Secure &amp; Control your Smartphone, Mac or PC Lupo provides a useful security solution &amp; a smart Bluetooth remote controller. Keep track of your stuff, control presentations &amp; more. Thanks again! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Thanks for the great feedback regarding our new FAQ section. We revised many questions and added a few more FAQ's. Hopefully we clarified many issues. We appreciate all the support in quickly getting us over 25% of our goal! After such a great start we decided to move up the PCB production timeline, but we need your help. We will begin the manufacturing of revision B once we reach 75% of our funding goal, rather than waiting until the campaign's conclusion. We just want to get CommBadge in your hands that much sooner! We are obsessed with it's convenience and want to share this experience with all of you as soon as possible. When we show it to new friends and our families their jaws drop with excitement:) Best regards, The CommBadge Team Thank you for your awesome support! We are very pleased with the momentum thus far. In fact, we are closing in on hitting 25% of our funding goal in just a few short days. We are working on some exciting stretch goals. Look for them to be announced early next week. Also, we just added a new FAQ section at the bottom of the main page. Hopefully any questions you may have will be answered there. Please remember to support us and shout-out CommBadge on Facebook, Twitter, and your other favorite social media sites. Best regards, The CommBadge Team