Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! We haven't forgotten about you! We have some news that we hope you will find exciting! We are currently negotiating with a vendor who would like to secure the exclusive rights to sell Darkrock Ventures on several key online marketplaces and help new players discover it. Which we think is awesome! This also will likely lead to a 2nd edition reprint when the stock of the 1st Edition runs out (and there isn't much left!) We've reached out to designer Michael Eskue to get the seeds planted for any new content we might be able to stretch into a Second Edition of Darkrock Ventures and how we can reward those of you who backed it first. More as it develops! Incoming Transmission is now Live on Kickstarter! We are also writing to let everyone know that we have a new project on KickStarter freshly launched today! Incoming Transmission marks our return to the year-3000 science-fiction theme originally explored in DRV. Perhaps there will be some secret connections to be found? Our interactive campaign invites ALL backers to play the game itself using a massively-multiplayer voting system and Kickstarter updates... we think you're going to love it! (Watch for the update when the project reaches its funding goal!) We see many of you have already joined us, for that we THANK YOU! As always, we couldn't do any of this without all of you. We look forward to seeing you all! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Hello everyone!! It's been a little while but we have some news for you! I have been getting more messages than usual regarding the fact that Darkrock Ventures has become difficult to find for sale online recently, and that is intentional. Early on, we had a trial run with a special Amazon program for crowdfunding projects called Seller Central...anyhow, an agent from Amazon was really gungho about it and emailed me about three times a day to get me on board. To start the process we were to send some samples of the game to Amazon for them to sell and they would supposedly send more buy orders afterward. Well after we signed up and sent the case of games our agent became an absentee-parent and just added to the problem we had early on with other online-retailers trying to out-undercut each other, we chose to cut off the supply until it ran dry. Now that it seems to be doing exactly that, we plan to reintroduce Darkrock Ventures back to regular distribution at a new MSRP of $44.99 USD. It will also appear on Amazon now that the fulfillment partner who helped us fulfill the Fire of Eidolon campaign has also helped us set up our own proper Amazon business account and now we have much more control over the online sales and pricing. FoE is available on Amazon now directly from us but it is fulfilled by Amazon and soon DRV will likely be available the same way. If you know of a retail store that might be interested in carrying Darkrock Ventures, or any of our products, please have them reach out to us at <email> and we'll make sure they are taken care of properly (with some bonus promos and supplies to host DRV tournament at your FLGS too, if you're interested!) For anyone who would like to order copies of our other games at nearly the original KS price right now , we'd like to invite you to the Pledge Manager for our Overworld campaign , which is now open to all of our past and present backers! Even if you did not back the Overworld campaign or would like to now, you can! Just click on the image below to visit the project page! Revised Darkrock Ventures Solo/Cooperative Variant now available for download! DRV Designer Micheal Eskue has revised the Solo/Co-operative rules and has shared it for everyone's enjoyment! Follow the link below to give it a try! <url>#1 and the DRV Tabletop Simulator module . Follow us on Twitter and stay tuned for announcements for those! Once again, thank you all so very much for helping us make it this far! We hope you'll stay with us going into 2017 and beyond! All the best, Hello Magic Meeple Games supporters! We have just uploaded a Frequently Asked Questions document for Darkrock Ventures in response to all of the questions we have received since its release. Please feel free to print it and add it to the box! Big THANK YOU to everyone whose questions contributed to this supplement. You helped us identify where our document was the weakest and have given us an opportunity to improve. You can view the FAQ here: <url>"director's cut" for a rulebook? This would be the closest thing to that, I suppose, but we're looking forward to finishing it for you all. We hope everyone's holidays are going well so far! Have a safe and happy new year! Thank you! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! We're nearly complete in fulfilling Darkrock Ventures! We have had some mishaps with couriers but with the exception of some replacement orders still being processed, we are very close to completion of fulfillment and that is a great feeling. We had a lot of challenges along the way but we learned and grew and we have you all to thank for that! We appreciate everyone's support! Before we move on, I have a very important question to ask everyone involved in the campaign: Have you received Darkrock Ventures yet? YES! :D Awesome!! We're very happy to hear this from so many of you. Please rate the game and log your plays on Board Game Geek so everyone will know about what we've created! Yes, but... :\ If you received your package but something was damaged, has parts missing, or you received the incorrect quantity of games/parts, please visit ShipNaked.com/replacements right away and let them know. If you live in the USA and you are missing dice , please send me a direct message right here on Kickstarter, I can send dice directly from our office to anyone in the USA quickly. NO! :( Please accept our apologies, and rest assured we'll make it right. If you have not yet let us know about some other kind of discrepancy with your order (no emails yet, etc.) please let us know with a direct message RIGHT AWAY so we can make sure all orders are dispatched properly. We want everyone to receive what they paid for! Retail release is this Friday October, 7th! After this Friday, we will begin fulfilling orders to retailers, please let us know where you spot Darkrock Ventures in the wild! We love to see our games on hobby store shelves! Expansion pack #1 still in stock I am pleased to report that BGG is still well stocked on the Expansion Pack #1 now available at the BGGStore . It offers 5 more Corporate Sponsors cards and 5 more Research cards not included in the base game. Even more replayability, I love it! Tabletopia and TableTop Simulator releases soon! Play with friends in faraway places with these two digital options, which will become available in the coming weeks! Current Project Status : Fire of Eidolon Our PledgeManager for Fire of Eidolon is still open! Join us here if you missed the Kickstarter and want to get another great Magic Meeple Games title! <url>#1 I may have done a poor job explaining the situation so I can attempt to clarify what is going on with regard to my overuse of the word "Expansion": The "Mini-Expansion" unlocked as part of the KS Stretch Goals = Neutronium Crisis This content is included in EVERY copy of Darkrock Ventures as per the campaign stretch goal. If you backed or end up buying it months down the line, these features are included. Extra Game Content that was not a part of unlocked stretch goals = Expansion Pack #1 This content that we paid out of pocket to produce so we could offer them as a BGGstore promo and as Convention prizes. This pack is ten extra cards we had planned to add, 5 Corporate Sponsors and 5 Research Cards. It is not a full expansion, only a pack of cards. We know there are concerns with the supply of Expansion Packs at the BGG store , please do not feel pressured or obligated to order it before your copy of DRV arrives. We have made sure BGG has a deep supply and we have even more here at our office. We will check in with them periodically to check their supply levels and re-stock if necessary. If all else fails, if you email me and ask to buy a pack because everyone else is out, we'll start selling them for the same price through our website directly. We mean it when we say we want everyone that wants them to have a chance to get these cards. If you have damaged/missing parts please don't use the comments to tell us! If you have missing or damaged DICE : Please send me a direct message If you are missing or received damaged ANYTHING ELSE : <url>ಠ_ಠ Retailers, Manufacturers, and Publishers of board games will all pretty much agree on this topic in that it's a huge problem for our industry. It lowers the value of what we've all worked so hard and given so much to produce, it is pretty much the reason why Asmodee is buying other publishing companies every other week, and we don't take it lightly either. We know some of you have brought to our attention some online stores offering pre-orders for Darkrock Ventures at prices lower than what our backers paid. This is not acceptable as far as we are concerned and we would like to do what we can to control this problem before it gets out of hand. The first step was to inform our distributor (ShipNaked) and ask for more guidance and information. They came back to me with some things that I already knew, and some things that I didn't; The only thing we can control is the price that retailers are charged for our products, if someone is selling it too low, then we could ostensibly just raise the price and then they would have to charge more. This tactic works great for fighting online undercutters, but who suffers the most are the friendly local hobby shops that now have an even thinner margin to work with. Alternatively, we could ask them to sign a Minimum Advertised Price (MAP) agreement to keep the price at MSRP. Sometimes this works, sometimes this doesn't. When it doesn't, sometimes you can enforce it, usually you can't, and definitely not without a full-time legal representative. We know that ZERO orders have been fulfilled through regular distribution, the Street Date for that begins on Oct, 10. If someone is selling it now, it means they were a backer or were affiliated with a backer. Can't do anything about it if someone wants to sell it at a loss just for clicks, but we can try to limit these retailers' ability to make these kinds of detrimental price cuts by simply not doing business with them. We've been warned that they are crafty and will go through layers of distribution to undercut anyone else they can, but that doesn't mean we have to lay down and make it easy. If you see Darkrock Ventures being sold under the price that our own backers paid, I need to know about it right away so I can ask our distributors that we do not fulfill any of their orders until we can correct the pricing matters. Please tell us if you see any more sites like Miniatures Market that are undervaluing our games in this way. We want the hobby shops to get the business they deserve and we want our backers to feel that the price we ask them for is and will always be the best price. Thank you all for your understanding and support in this matter. We take this very seriously, and it affects us all. Fire of Eidolon PledgeManager NOW OPEN We hope that we have won some of you over now with DRV in-hand. If you'd like to join in on the FoE campaign as a late backer, we would love to have you. We are going to keep it open for a while, at least until we know all copies of DRV are in our backers' hands so there is no pressure here. Here is the link for anyone who would like to jump in with us! <url>#1, the rest went straight to Board Game Geek, be on the lookout for the product appearing in the BGG Store in about a week or so! If they sell out, we have more! We're so excited to see so many happy backers with their packages arriving safe and sound. Unfortunately, the rumors are completely true and sometimes the postal service allows some packages to be handled by wild bears before they arrive on your doorstep. Some other backers have not received their delivery yet at all. We are working around the clock to help process these requests and make sure everyone gets what they pledged for! If you suspect something is wrong with your order, see the possible questions below to see if your situation is applicable: Did your package arrive damaged? If your package arrived damaged or was missing any components, please visit <url>" shipnaked " and " darkrock " to find the relevant messages if they exist in your inbox. If you still don't see anything, this could mean something is wrong. If you have received zero correspondence from ShipNaked or anyone else regarding your delivery, please send me a direct message on Kickstarter immediately so we can check directly with ShipNaked about your delivery. Don't Panic! Street Date is not until October 7th! We have been told that shipments are still going out and will be arriving on doorsteps until the end of the month. If you have gotten shipping notifications but have not gotten your delivery just yet, it does not necessarily mean something is wrong with your order. We expect a lot of you are receiving yours this week or even as we speak! The "Street Date" for Darkrock Ventures has been set for October 7th, this is when ShipNaked/HitPointSales expect that all deliveries will be sent and will begin accepting orders for general distribution. Retailers that backed the Darkrock Ventures campaign and have received their order are under no obligation to hold product until the Street Date of October 7th. This will not be the case with any new orders placed through general distribution. Beware of Scalpers! I don't know if I should be flattered or horrified that we recently found copies of Darkrock Ventures on eBay and amazon for as much as $200(!) But in either case we don't want anyone who missed out to get taken advantage of. If you or someone you know would like to order another copy of Darkrock Ventures, please let us know! We will be happy to take direct pre-orders and get them shipped out ASAP with everyone else's! THANK YOU! I want to end on a positive note and say thank you to everyone again for helping us get this far, and a special shout out to everyone who has reached out to me and gushed over how impressed they are with the end result of all of our hard work. Take and post photos or make unboxing videos like our friend Bearded Rogue did! <url>"What do I do if I didn't get an email?" Don't panic! The first thing we suggest you do is check your SPAM folder or any other accounts that you might have used for Kickstarter to avoid spam in your regular account. But, if it still isn't there, all you need to do is click here: <url>"I'm on a boat" jokes? No? Eh, alright then... Current Status: On a boat and halfway home! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Wanted to share some good news with everyone. Got word from our distributor that Darkrock Ventures is currently about halfway through its cruise overseas, and we could have it Stateside (with some luck) in time for GenCon! We don't yet know if it will clear customs in time for any distribution to occur (pickup at the event, etc) but we will keep everyone informed of the progress as it develops. Only about 2 or 3 weeks left before they receive it in Boston, open the crates and then packages start going directly to your mailboxes, my friends! Thank you very much for sticking with us through this while we iron out all the wrinkles and discover the right questions to ask. :) You've all been awesome and we want to be awesome back, so we have added in a goodie to our Fire of Eidolon kickstarter campaign for you folks: Before anyone panics, NO, this will NOT be the only way to get this promo card, but it will go out first with all of the Fire of Eidolon packages as the card will be included in that manufacturer's order and arrive to us at the same time. We wanted a special way to thank everyone generous enough to back both campaigns but still be fair to everyone. It is my hope and expectation that our distribution partner gets Darkrock Ventures to you to before the FoE campaign ends so you all will be able to see how gorgeous the game turned out and have more of you join us with the new game, which everyone who has played LOVES it so far. But I think it would be a good tradition for us to begin including a special card for our previous game in each project that follows to thank the backers that decided to take it on faith that they will be delivered a quality product and feeling confident enough to back another project. Backers of the FoE campaign will also be offered an opportunity to buy Darkrock Ventures at a special price, but we will not make it as low as we did for the original Darkrock Ventures campaign (that wouldn't be right) but for YOU all, if you back FoE and want additional copies of DRV afterward, we will reimburse the difference to you in Pledgemanager and make sure you get the same original KS pricing or better. It's the least we can do to thank you all for believing in us, and we already see a lot of names from this campaign in the Fire of Eidolon list! We would like to cordially invite everyone to join us and make Fire of Eidolon as brilliant as we all made Darkrock Ventures! We even have a new pledge level available that we think you're going to love! (You'll have to let us know if this is something you'd like us to do with Darkrock Ventures cards, if you back and want them, let me know in the comments and we'll hook you up for the same price as the other CUSTOM CARDS) ;) The new pledge level will be going live with the first update of that campaign going out shortly. Thanks again everyone! First some clarifications I may have done a poor job of explaining the current shipping situation last night and for that I apologize. Here are some bullet points that should clear up a lot of FAQs: Don't panic! Everything is already in transit to their national destinations We were told this afternoon that the part of the shipment with all non-North American destinations arrived at port late last week and has entered the EU customs process. I have not been given an arrival-at-port ETA yet for the US-bound shipment We do not know if the shipment will arrive in time for GenCon, but we have not yet been told that it is impossible. When we have specific dates, we will share them right away. The Fire of Eidolon FREE Print and Play Is now available at <url>"We did it!" moment, but this was a huge milestone for us. Everything is now literally and truly out of our hands at this point and the next thing we know, it will be on all of our shelves. Thank you everyone for believing in us! You've all been incredibly kind and the best customers anyone could ask for. THANK YOU! Now that we have the experiences and knowledge from this campaign, we can proceed with Fire of Eidolon knowing we have taken measures to avoid the same pitfalls that caused our minor delays with DRV. Next steps for Darkrock Ventures to your door! Everything is now locked and loaded as it were and Darkrock Ventures is now in the hands of our distributor, ShipNaked who is committed to getting every backer everything they pledged for. When I originally reported that we had a shipping date of June 10th, we expected that meant everything would be put on a boat and then we'd get it in the US distribution center and then final packages would go out. Well, it turns out we misunderstood and that wasn't exactly correct, once we got the distributor and manufacturer talking to each other they actually found a much smarter way to do it. While I do not have complete timeline information yet I will share what we know: All of the copies of DRV that are being delivered to backers outside of North America have no need to travel to North America, the shipment was split at the factory to save on customs fees and duplicated travel. I have been told that nobody should get any surprise customs fees thanks to this. This also means that our European backers may get the game much earlier than they might have expected, maybe even before our North American backers do, which is quite a switch from what they may be used to. And, no, this won't make the North America shipments arrive any later, I understand everything is on schedule at this stage. We'll let you all know when to expect packages when we have that information. Advance Copies for premium backers! This also means that those of you whose pledge levels included autographed advance copies can be expecting your deliveries VERY soon, those should be arriving to you actually within the next 2-3 weeks, maybe sooner as those copies are traveling by air. I cannot wait to start ticking off those "Fulfilled" boxes in the Kickstarter backer list! Fire of Eidolon launches NEXT WEEK! Just in the nick of time, we have fulfilled all of our obligations to our Darkrock Ventures backers and the game is literally in the mail. We hope this encourages you all to join us for our next Kickstarter campaign for Fire of Eidolon for which we are incredibly excited! We got an updated quote for the project which came in much lower than we expected once we made some critical components changes (all of which for the better) and now we are able to share that our Kickstarter price point for Fire of Eidolon will be $24 or less. (Same price as the Tiny Epic series our DRV co-publisher is famous for!) And a most-likely MSRP for $30 or less. We want to get the price as low as possible for all of you, so we are sharing the upper cap of the KS price for you all right now, if it changes we will only make it LESS at this stage. Please let us know what you think! We need your help! If you can help us spread the word about Fire of Eidolon's launch, we have started a Thunderclap Event HERE and a Facebook Event HERE . Every share helps! Please check them out and participate if you can! We want to let all of our Day-One backers submit and vote on names for the game's villain: the ancient Dark Sorcerer! We will also add an ENHANCEMENT if we can reach our $12,500 funding goal on DAY ONE! Don't miss it! FREE FIRE OF EIDOLON PRINT-AND-PLAY! If you missed out on our Fire of Eidolon print and play giveaway, don't fret! We've decided to take the same kit and make it our FREE Print-and-play for Fire of Eidolon, so now everyone can have a set of their own to try before our Kickstarter campaign on July 14th! We also want our Darkrock Ventures backers to be the first to get it! But BGG admins haven't approved the file yet and it's been all day. I will share a mini update with you all tomorrow to get you the URLs. Wanted to have it all in this message but it is getting pretty late into the evening here and I don't want to keep you all waiting any longer :) Until next time, THANK YOU! Hello and good morning/afternoon/evening Darkrock Ventures champions! It's time for another update! We have some big news and a free drawing at the end so stick with us to the very end of this one! DRV Shipping Status Manufacturing is complete! We received the final production proof early last week and it is beautiful, just take a look at the board now! We are waiting final word from the manufacturer to find out when the container will actually set sail, as our distributor is going to hold onto the part of the shipment that doesn't need to travel overseas first. This may have been delayed by a couple of days due to a small correction in assembly that needed to occur. As soon as we have the final confirmation with dates (and pay the final invoice) we will share that information, but we didn't want to keep you waiting any longer on the rest of this update...mostly because there was another error in manufacturing that I think you all deserve to know about: Stretch Goal Unlocked (!?) It is difficult to tell from a photographs, but all copies of Darkrock Ventures have been given Linen Finish on the box by mistake. This was a feature we wanted to include as a stretch goal beyond $60k but we didn't quite make it there yet and asked for it to be removed from the work order because it would be out of our budget. Long story short: it got left on and we aren't going to be charged for it. Our manufacturer has been awesome to us so far and recognizes that they had a small part in the delays we experienced so this inclusion has been gifted to us and we pass the gratitude on to you all. We keep saying it, but it always feels necessary: Thank you all for your outstanding support and patience while we get everyone's games out to them! Those of you who backed the project at the premium levels that came with an advance copy can expect those to arrive much sooner, as I have one case of Darkrock Ventures being airmailed directly to me. So be on the lookout for those in the next couple of weeks, which will mark our first (non-PnP level) complete fulfillments for the campaign! Post-convention report, Gamex &amp; Phoenix Comicon Gamex and Phoenix Comicon were great! Thank you to everyone who met up with us to play Darkrock Ventures and Fire of Eidolon. We hope you all enjoy your special promo cards and hang onto them! If you missed out, don't worry, we will announce any more upcoming events where our fans can preview our games! We will definitely be at GenCon, and we definitely won't be able to make it to Origins this year (unfortunately) but if anything is coming up between then, we'll let you know when we do, as always! DRV On Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator The poll in the previous update ended in an even split 50/50 vote, so these digital versions are currently unavailable and will remain so until further notice. We will try and set a solid release date for TableTopia to come in line closer to the launch of Fire of Eidolon on Kickstarter, and as for Tabletop Simulator the module is not yet finished so we will have more on that when information becomes available! Current Project Update - Fire of Eidolon We set a Kickstarter date, just in time for convention season to begin a couple weeks ago. Fire of Eidolon will launch July 14, 2016 on Kickstarter ! We felt it was appropriate to launch exactly one year after the launch of Darkrock Ventures, now that we have finished production and now can divert more focus to the next project, it feels right. It is also important that we keep moving forward and not remain idle as we would not be able to continue doing so without making new products available. We hope we have demonstrated that we will deliver on our promises to the best of our ability, no matter what hurdles or challenges get in our way. It meant a great deal to us to let our backers who saw us at these shows get to see and feel and hold the real product that they helped shape and create and see them realize that we're for real and we're not going to disappear overnight and run away with the cash. (That would be too much trouble and we like making games too much anyway) :) Thank you all for sticking with us and having confidence in us. We hope you'll all come along on our journey with Fire of Eidolon and help us set a new Magic Meeple Games Kickstarter record! Giveaway! And now for the moment a reasonable approximation of you have been waiting for! Free stuff! Would you like to win a FREE copy of Darkrock Ventures Expansion Pack #1 and/or a Fire of Eidolon PnP Preview Kit, plus promos? Can you play the game and write a review before July 14th? Then you're in! Take a look at all the details and get your entries here: <url>#1 : Congratulations to the Eskue family! Introducing Eve! We're happy to report that Eve Eskue was born a few days ago and we would like to congratulate mom &amp; dad! Three cheers! Long live House Eskue! Announcement #2 : Darkrock Ventures Shipping Date! Everything is set and underway and we've gotten the report back from manufacturing! Darkrock Ventures begins its journey to your mailboxes on... June 10, 2016 packages will be on their way to the distributor from which they will be sent to each and every one of you all. The wait is almost over! Thank you all so much for your generosity and your patience. I know we had a target of April, and we have improved our processes to prevent such delays again, but with all of the hurdles we experienced the translation is still something we can be happy about. There are a lot of first-campaigns that don't even ship in the same year they estimate delivery. June 10, 2016 will also be the cutoff date for any new pre-orders through MagicMeepleGames.com at the post-KS discount price! We're very happy everybody will be getting our game within a reasonable amount of time. But, there was indeed a delay; and more than just doing better with what we now know, we want to compensate everyone for the inconvenience and thank you all. So, we've invested a little extra to sweeten the deal for our biggest fans, THE BACKERS! Announcement #3 : Magic Meeple Games Crafting Rewards and Expansion Pack #1! We've added an extra card into this first edition of Darkrock Ventures for all of you to hang onto until the time is right. What is it, you ask? Well, it is a Crafting Material ! We will be including a card (or similar item) like this in every one of our projects instead of a regular old proof of purchase. As time goes on, and our catalog grows, we will begin offering special limited promotional items to enhance your game, like extra cards or just cool swag. You'll be able to trade them in when you see us at conventions and we will add opportunities for mail-in redemption in the future. We will be creating different Crafting Material cards for participating in playtests or winning games at events and hope to build this into a component of organized play in the long-term with Darkrock Ventures and future games. Stay tuned to our website for information about redeeming these cards (and in what combinations, if applicable) at our website, MagicMeepleGames.com We also have another treat, with the release of Darkrock Ventures will also come the release of Expansion Pack #1 We've been working with our friends at Board Game Geek and they would like to offer a special promo pack in the BGG store just for Darkrock Ventures! So we took five more of the planned Corporate Sponsor cards and five more of the planned Research cards (all thoroughly tested content) and put them into a special ten-card pack that will be available when Darkrock Ventures arrives. We thought you all would like this instead of holding onto these great cards until we decided to create the first full expansion (hint?) We are still working out the final details with BGG but their admins have been awesome to us all and we're happy to help them by supporting the site and offering these special promos! They will be the exact same size and shape as the cards that come with Darkrock Ventures, so no need to worry about awkward promo shuffling. (And yes, Expansion Pack #1 will come with a special Crafting Material card of its own for you to collect) THANK YOU FOR MAKING US MAGIC MEEPLE, THE BOARDGAME PEOPLE! It isn't much, but it is what we can do right now to express our appreciation for everyone's support and helping us chase our dreams. But wait, there's more! Announcement #4 : We have (literally) just signed a new deal with Berserk Games! We made contact with Berserk games early last month and they have proposed an arrangement to have Darkrock Ventures turned into an official, professionally designed DLC module for Tabletop Simulator on Steam, the same software we have grown so very fond of for our playtesting. Just signed it this morning, in fact! Yes, this will be in addition to the game's availability on Tabletopia and neither will interfere with the other's availability ever. This is GREAT NEWS for anyone outside of the USA that wasn't able to order a copy due to the high cost of shipping. The audience we will be able to reach now with the games we believe in most is going to explode thanks to these two virtual-boardgaming powerhouses on the team. We all accomplished this together! THANK YOU! So, now that we have two virtual versions of Darkrock Ventures on the horizon, we want to be very careful and cautious not to cheapen the experience for those that made all of this possible by backing the physical copy. For this reason, we want to include the cards from Expansion Pack #1, but promotional add-ons that we create and distribute (such The Crafting Materials, as well as the rewards from them) will not be implemented into the virtual versions. We have been notified that Tabletopia is ready to launch their version of Darkrock Ventures, and we don't know how long it will take Berserk to make the module ready for distribution but we have been using a module designed by DRV Developer Andrew Enriquez for many months and it already has some 3d models done. So, we have a question to ask our backers: Poll : When should we make these digital versions of Darkrock Ventures available? Unfortunately, there is no way to restrict access to just the backers of the campaign, so we want to leave it up to you all as to when these digital versions of our game are available for use. We said that we wanted our backers to be the first to get this game that they all personally invested in during our KickStarter campaign, and we want to hold true to that. But, many of you may also be the very ones that want those versions right now. So, we feel it would be more honorable to ask all of you how you would like to see us proceed with this decision: We can: A) Make both Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator versions of Darkrock Ventures available as soon as they are ready. You are the backers and deserve to get it first, if this enables you to enjoy the game you backed that much sooner, we will honor your wishes. OR B) Make both Tabletopia and Tabletop Simulator versions of Darkrock Ventures available later, after the street date of the physical game. As it would be the truest way of ensuring the backers (and pre-orders) get the game first, as we originally promised. Some backers may want it now but it would allow non-backers to get it early and if that feels unfair to too many of you, we will honor your wishes. Consider this your first decision as the officially unofficial board of investors in Darkrock Ventures! ;) Please click here to place your vote! We'll take votes over the next week or so and report back with the results on the backers' collective decision! Also...we're not simply looking for a marginal majority here, I feel we need to have at least 75% approval to go forward with this. The last thing we want to do is alienate our backers or make any of you feel cheated after what you've all done to help us! Thank you in advance for your participation!! And since we're here...Do you need to update your address? We made a form for that too! We got so many responses from our last update that we couldn't keep up with them all and needed a way to keep track of it all (thank you to all of those who answered! All those packages will be getting to their destinations!) If YOU need to update your address records with us, Please use this form! Current Project - Fire of Eidolon Things are progressing nicely with our next game, Fire of Eidolon by Michael Lipton . Here's a screenie from our latest playtest (on Tabletop Simulator) We'll be sending out some early preview copies to a small group reviewers in the coming weeks and hopefully start generating some buzz about this game that we're completely in love with! Based on the feedback, then well be inviting more reviewers to try it out in the coming month. We hope you all come along for the ride as we prepare to build a KickStarter campaign for this game as well! Can we break the record we set with Darkrock Ventures? I hope so! We would also love to do another PnP giveaway for this game, and maybe even offer a bonus promo of some kind too, we have some fun ideas that I think you'll enjoy! More as it develops, and if you're planning to visit PHOENIX COMICON this year, you'll find us in the Hyatt hosting demos of Darkrock Ventures (with the manufacturer's preview set!) and FoE too, of course! That's all for today! We can't say thank you enough for making everything here possible! We'll report back as soon as we have more for you all. Have a great week! THANK YOU! Hello DRV Backers! The Pre-Production Copy has arrived for final inspection and approval. This is the final checkpoint for the game before it goes to mass production (but we passed this process early for the wooden bits so we could save on production time). Please keep in mind that this copy is not quite as sharp and vibrant as what we will all see in the final product, the big expensive equipment isn't go great for making a single copy quickly so this is what we use to make sure everything is appearing correctly and in the correct quantities, etc. Why the delay in sharing these? We wanted to make sure we had 100% of our information correct before we started showing everything, just in case we had a problem somewhere. I'm happy to report, we had our call with the manufacturer earlier this afternoon and everything is exactly where it needs to be. There are just a couple small corrections to make and then we're off to the last step before no more changes can be made. There is some great news that came of that, however, more on that below. Anyway, enough yammering. I'll write some relevant notes for each image that contains a correction that will be fixed! Whoops! OK small thing but it's going to be fixed. The board shouldn't have linen finish on it because it drowns out the Spot UV which you can't see very well in the photo. We've already addressed it and you'll be able to see the shininess much better in the final version. Remember that 14" board upgrade we were so worried about? It's a done deal. Thank you ALL for your support and patience while we found our legs in getting everything taken care of so we could thoughtfully craft the best possible end product for all of us to enjoy. We are still and will always be deeply thankful for everyone's help in making this project (and company) possible! We got the final weight of the package finally and we now know without any further doubt that it falls within the parameters we needed it to in order to keep us out of a danger zone on shipping. So, we're happy to officially declare: Darkrock Ventures 1st Edition will include a 14" game board! (Instead of 12") Back to the slideshow! Pulling the Trigger After the new files are put into their system, I need to sign a form and fax it over and the next thing we know we'll start seeing it in game stores and mailboxes everywhere! We'll be working with our distributor to make sure that the list of packages to ship and where is all perfectly in order, thank you to those of you who have let us know that your address is changing, where applicable. Which reminds me... Will your address be changing soon? If you have changed your address since the last time you've backed (or completed PledgeManager) please let us know with a message on Kickstarter so we can get it corrected on our packing list. We don't want any lost packages! Also please let us know if you plan to change your address soon because that may have an impact as well. What's next? Soon, we will begin wrapping up the development and begin promoting our next game, Fire of Eidolon more and begin planning a Kickstarter date. Stay tuned for more information about that. We do not want to make anyone feel like we are launching a new campaign too early, hopefully we can push it out until after delivery of DRV, but we will continue to be transparent as time goes on with the planning. Also, we'll be doing another PnP giveaway with maybe an extra goodie for anyone who might happen to have a set of Darkrock Ventures handy. :) I know everyone is chomping at the bit to see more photos, so I'll go ahead and wrap this up. More photos and more news coming soon! THANK YOU! Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! Spring is here! The weather is warming up and the kids are out of school and it's time for an overdue update! DRV Project Status: Awaiting Manufacturer's Proofs In the next few weeks we will be getting from our Manufacturer what approximates to an example of the finished product so we can make absolutely sure everything is appearing correctly and in the correct quantities. When this arrives, you can be sure that we will be sending out lots of pictures along with another update Unfortunately, there was a technology problem at the manufacturer that set back production by about a week. This will translate into a small delay in the project's delivery, for which we accept full responsibility and humbly apologize. This was unforeseen and out of our control but we will make up for it by correcting our processes going forward to be more forgiving of such delays and pre-produce and plan out more in advance to speed the process along. Fortunately though, this delay will be rather minimal in comparison to many other first campaigns, which we can all be very proud of achieving together. Thank you again for all of your understanding and support. Did you forget to fill out PledgeManager? Or is your Address going to change? That's OK! We've created a form which will allow you to let us know if you plan on changing, or have already changed your mailing address. It is extremely important that anyone who did not complete the PledgeManager survey use this form to make sure we have your address on record. Any addresses still missing from the list risk having difficulties receiving their rewards. We will use this information to compare against the shipping instructions before sending them out to our distributor for final shipment in hopes of preventing any lost packages. Change your address information with Magic Meeple Games here: <url>"Record a Play" fill in some quick info and press SUBMIT! It only takes a minute and does wonders to help new players learn more about Darkrock Ventures. Thank you all for your help with this! 2-Player Demo for Darkrock Ventures now available on TableTopia! The full version will not be released until the physical product is in your hands, but we all thought you'd enjoy this upgraded version from the Print-and-Play! <url>"Old West" cowboy showdowns, give it a look! They'll also be working with Talon Strikes Studios very soon in a way similar to how they worked with us on DRV for a title called House of Borgia later on this year. Print-N-Play Part 2 (.zip) inbound! A lot of folks following the campaign but didn't pledge for the Print-N-Play kit missed out on the rest of the content in my Print-N-Play Part 1 update, so what I'd like to do is make this update public. I will send out another update in ten minutes with the download link which will be viewable only to those backers at $8 and above. If you pledged for the game in some other way (direct order, Pledge Manager add-on, etc) and you did not get access to the following update, let me know and I will get you the links. To make it easier, I will include the links for Part 1 again as well for anyone that might have been waiting until everything was included to download it. Part 2 includes (all .pdf): - The fully illustrated Rulebook (with all 3 gameplay variants, including the Solo/Co-Op expansion mode Neutronium Crisis . - Neutronium Track board for use with Neutronium Crisis expansion. - and the PDF art package with all of Darkrock Ventures' beautiful artwork Thank you very much, everyone! We look forward to our next big update where we will be able to share more about our manufacturing/delivery timeline. Stay tuned! All the best, Ian Hello and good morning/afternoon/evening DRV backers! Last Call for PledgeManager I would like to take a moment briefly at the beginning of this message to declare last call for PledgeManager surveys! If you haven't already, please complete yours BEFORE Friday, December 11th. <url>" x 11" (A4) doesn't work for everyone, but we also want to make sure that any extra sizes we make are going to be used and we don't leave anyone out. Thanks in advance! I am also pleased to report that today we wired the initial deposit to our manufacturer to begin print production of Darkrock Ventures. It's a big milestone for us for the order to go from "placed" to "(partially) paid for" and we hope you are as excited as we are. Samples should begin arriving within the next several weeks, we're especially looking forward to seeing all the custom wooden bits you unlocked! We'll keep everyone informed! Thank you again and have a wonderful week! -Ian S. Magic Meeple Games www.magicmeeplegames.com Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! It is month two after the Kickstarter campaign funded and it is time for a progress report! Let's begin with PledgeManager! This update contains important information and direction on how to redeem your reward. There will not be an internal Kickstarter survey for this project. Please READ THE ENTIRE UPDATE CAREFULLY! In order for me to fulfill your rewards I will need your contact information and I will be using PledgeManager to collect this data. Email Invite On FRIDAY October 9, 2015 (tomorrow morning). You will receive an email from PledgeManager containing an invitation link, please follow the instructions of that email and use that link to access your reward package. Please monitor your SPAM folder for the email, just in case. What Steps You Need to Take 1. Once you receive an email from the fantastic folks at PledgeManager.com . You will need to click on the link and just follow the simple steps of checking out. Please do this as soon as possible. 2. Once you are in your order screen, you need to confirm the shipping address where you’d like to receive your rewards and confirm your order. If you would like to add additional goodies into your order, you can do that as well. If the process isn't clear once you're in, please feel free to contact me or post questions in this update. You can easily and conveniently update your address in the Pledge Manager anytime! If you plan to relocate before you receive your rewards, please also update your address! I will post an update reminding everyone to update their addresses shortly before we ship the rewards out. So What is PledgeManager? PledgeManager is a specialized fulfillment tool that will help us get your rewards to you as efficiently as possible. PledgeManager is intended to improve your experience for the period after Kickstarter but before reward delivery. It offers you the ability to review centralized information on your PledgeManager projects through a single sign-on. You can change your shipping address up to the moment of reward shipment, and even track the progress and delivery of other projects you’ve backed that are loaded in PledgeManager. Why Use PledgeManager? Because it meets the needs of both the backers and project creators excellently! With PledgeManager, you can update your shipping address anytime and track the project delivery. Also, you will have the opportunity to add more rewards that you may have missed out on! As a small business, PledgeManager is critical to our success. Gamelyn Games and Magic Meeple Games are how we take care of our respective families and being able to offer backers the opportunity of adding an extra game or two to their order is essential. It helps us out a great deal, and our backers get an extra chance to take advantage of the best-possible Kickstarter price. Thank you all again for your continued support and allow us to make this project possible. Furthermore, using PledgeManager means accurate and detailed orders for our manufacturers, cleaner shipping and handling charges (especially for international backers), and knowing that the address we’re shipping your rewards to is current and up-to-date. We want all of our backers to get their rewards on the first try. When does the PledgeManager launch? Friday, October 9, 2015 When will the Add-On section close? Our Add-Ons section of the PledgeManager (where our backers can add additional copies of Darkrock Ventures to their pledge at the original Kickstarter price) will remain open for approximately one month. We will send out a last-call before it is closed so we can place the order with the manufacturer. HELP: What if I don't see the email yet? 1. Check your spam folder. If you use Gmail, sometimes your invite will go to your "Promotions" tab. 2. If you still can't find it, search your inbox for "PledgeManager" If that doesn't work: 1. Click - <url>"Request New Invite" 3. Enter your email address (the one you pledged with) 4. Wait at least 10 minutes - then go to your email, open the invite, and click the giant button to confirm all your goodies And if that doesn't work, check the FAQ page @ <url>" Board : We are still operating under the projection that it is possible to include this upgrade. The moment that anything occurs that may challenge that, we will let everyone know. Thank you very much, everyone, for taking the time to read this. We will be on standby if there are any difficulties. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Hello Darkrock Ventures backers! It is good to be writing to all of you again! Thank you to everyone who came to see us at PAX Prime, we had a great turnout for our panel and we all had a lot of fun meeting everyone afterward. I wanted to take some time out to update everyone on the current status of Darkrock Ventures and share some various tidbits of good news. Status Report Our current action-items for Darkrock Ventures include finalizing the rulebook, and getting the last graphic design touchups done. We have gotten an updated quote from our manufacturer about the upgraded board size and the difference in product cost was minimal, the only question that remains is "Will it ship without putting us into a higher weight class?" and once we have that information, we will be able to announce the inclusion of a 14"x14" board by default! And, if it does , put us into a more expensive shipping bracket, we have a plan B. Stay tuned for that-- but the outlook appears very good and we are optimistic that it will work out as we all are hoping. Final answers yet to come. :) Next, we will post the rulebook for all of our backers to preview, this also gives us a chance to make any last-minute corrections that are found before it goes off to print. Currently, we have almost all of the named content from our backers, I am just waiting on a couple more responses. But there is something we'd like everyone to see: More as it develops! Darkrock Ventures Pre-Orders Available Now! We have had some technology challenges getting this set up and working, but I think everything if finally sorted out and now we are able to take Pre-Orders for Darkrock Ventures directly through our website! If you know someone who missed out on the campaign, please let them know! There is also a small discount off the MSRP for pre-orders so there is still a benefit! The pre-order page can be found on our website: <url>"Yes. This." and took a chance. You are all awesome people and the best backer community we could have ever hoped for. 963 people have invested in an independent, family-owned, small business, trying to follow their dream to give back to the world some of the fun, imagination, and wonder of the game experiences that helped to positively shape who we are. This is life-changing for us and Darkrock Ventures is going to be a SMASH. You did it! We did it! You also snuck in one more card! Apparently there were some 50-ish ninja masters who liked our Facebook page just in time to get another Corporate Sponsor card in the pack! No complaints about that! That was an awesome surprise to find. Well done, and thank you! We did $7,430 on our last day! Amazing!! You guys and gals launched us from below 50k at the start of our last day to an astounding $56,624 trying to reach our last two stretch goals. It was a 13.12% increase in one day. This was an absolutely valiant effort and I want to congratulate and reward everyone for that final push. We had two stretch goals left at the end of our campaign. Spot UV on the box at $60,000 and a size enhancement to our board (up to 14x14" from 12x12") at $57,500. The board will have Spot UV coating on certain spots and will look amazing . The box's Spot UV goal on the other hand, was too far out of reach and it will not be included unfortunately. HOWEVER... Let's talk about the size of the board. When we asked for honest feedback, you gave it to us. When we came to you all to say we would try to find a way through all of the missing information that we couldn't get in time expecting negative response, you encouraged us. When the chips were down and we were almost afraid to offer it because of the unknown potential risk and had to give it a very high target, you fought hard . You got us 88% of the way toward our most expensive stretch goal (in terms of spacing between it and the previous goal) in one day. You deserve that board. I was cautioned very strongly by multiple individuals about not including stretch goals which were just out of reach at the end of a campaign because to some people it can arguably damage an organization's credibility and set a psychological precedent that the stretch goals they set aren't being given meaningful monetary goals and the publisher can and should just give away whatever they were close to at the end just because. That wasn't how we wanted to do things. We built our campaign around actual expenses and what we could do to make this and all future projects happen responsibly. If we knew, without question, that we needed exactly $X or more to achieve an add-on and we did not make it, that would be a different situation entirely; but this was a matter of the best estimate we could cobble together with limited time and even more limited information. This isn't really the same kind of situation in my opinion. For crying out loud, look at the comments. How many of you came straight out to say "I will pay an extra $X to make this happen." moments after the campaign ended without a second thought? Instead of receiving harsh criticism for not anticipating this beforehand, our community cheered us on . That is the kind of support that moves us. That is the kind of support that deserves to be rewarded. To make matters better, earlier today our co-publishing partner Gamelyn Games released the post-campaign PledgeManager survey for the Tiny Epic Kingdoms: Heroes Call campaign (an awesome game, by the way, every one of you should check it out if you haven't!) and they have included Darkrock Ventures in their PledgeManager menu at full retail price. Sales through that PledgeManager have already begun to offset the difference of what little we were missing from this campaign, which puts us in a better position than we thought. So... Here's what we want to do: Honesty is the best policy. Fact #1: If we knew what the demand was going to be for a larger board earlier on, we would have included it in the original quote and we would have known more about the impact it would have on the package's weight; meaning we would have had a more precise stretch-goal figure that did not need to include any padding to accommodate unknown financial risks. In that situation we would have, in good conscience, been able to set a solid goal and stick to it, success or no. Fact #2: If we knew, for a fact, that it would not have an adverse effect on our shipping costs when we were asked to include it, we also would most likely have been able to include it at a smaller funding target, which was likely to have been $55,000. (I even had a graphic made up before our final decision was made.) If that had been the case, you folks would have done it, no problem, and we wouldn't be talking about it now! Fact #3 : I also have to consider that if we had it at a lower goal we might not have earned as much as we did in pledges because of how fiercely everyone fought toward the end to reach that goal. I cannot deny our immense respect for that effort. Fact #4: There is no legitimate reason for us not to at least find out at this point if there is any way to include it with the funds we did raise and try our best to make it work. As we put together the final-final quote for Darkrock Ventures, we will ask for the production samples to be produced on the plan of a 14"x14" quad-fold board standard inclusion. We will go through the entire process with this target and find out what the final package will actually weigh. We expect the difference to be less than 100 grams, and estimate that we should have a little more than double that before we enter the danger zone of crossing into a more expensive shipping bracket due to the actual weight of the packing material and other such details that publishers have to worry about. :) Bottom line: Unless a very expensive, very real reason surfaces which would prevent us from doing so with the amount of pledges accumulated (which we would notify you about, in advance, with full disclosure and a brainstorming session to find an alternative) we will include the 14"x14" board to express our appreciation for all of your effort and your loyalty! Is it the correct thing to do? We will find out. But it is definitely the right thing to do. If I discovered that we could have included it for a fraction of the cost increase I expected after having told 963 loyal fans "No," I probably wouldn't forgive me either. I hope this comes as good news to all of you, please let me know your thoughts and feelings about this matter in the comments. Thank you for your trust and belief in us, we want to build a long-term community of happy Magic Meeple Mages who love games as much as we do. We hope we have taken steps in the correct direction on that path, thank you all for your feedback! What comes next? Over the next few weeks we will be working on finalizing graphics, component designs, packaging design, product barcodes, quotes for production/shipping, triple-checking the balance of everything we're including, and more. I will keep everyone informed of the process every time we make meaningful forward progress worthy of report. In addition to that, we will increase focus onto our next upcoming project which we want to plan to launch only after Darkrock Ventures has fulfilled or is so provably close to fulfillment that we won't be violating anyone's trust by launching a new project before there is any hard evidence of the last one actually being made--you all deserve better than that. But there is going to be a balancing act there also, because we have invoices to pay too and the fulfillment process could take as long as April of next year. We'd like to shoot for an earlier launch than that, but we will see what can be done. Please expect to see surveys about this matter as the time gets closer. If the majority finds our pace and schedule questionable before Darkrock Ventures is in-hand, then we will reassess our plans, that is our promise to all of you. No fly-by-nite shenanigans here. We owe it to you all to demonstrate that we can deliver on our obligations before we ask for your generosity again. What new project, you ask? We're still in preliminary refinement stages with it, but we would like to share that the game we have currently slated for our next release is from Scott Almes and is a solo/co-operative game that will fit in your pocket. Let the speculation begin! Thank you again! We are in need or catching up on some much-needed rest, then we will get to work making this great game a real thing on all of your tables. Special thanks to our most active Commenters, especially those who went above and beyond to spread the word and/or answer questions for other backers while we were working on other things! Teel, Barry, Arakin, Chuck, Jan, and many more. Also those who tweeted and shared frequently on social media! And our reviewers! And our playtesters! I want to write an extra special thank you to backer and oldest friend of mine, Adam Powell whose incredible pledge early on in our campaign was absolutely critical to our success. He and his wife had their first baby a few days ago, and she will share her name (as least in part) with Darkrock Ventures' Asteroid. Thank you, Adam. Until the next update, stay awesome everyone. You'll hear from us soon. Sincerely, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Phoenix, Arizona is a dangerous place sometimes Much apologies for the late update, we are having a really crazy dust storm right now and my power has been going out in the middle of writing this update! Spot UV! And less than $5000 to go for a bigger board! This is what the game looks like now thanks to ALL OF YOU: And a board enlargement is still within reach: This is the home stretch! In-between power outages, I'm blasting every channel I can think of today! I hope to see all of you with me doing the same! #DRVbacker #BestBackers Love from the Fans! Magic Meeple fan Arakin made a poignant observation, that our social media banners are cut off by social media sites that round-off square images for their avatars, so he made us a new one from assets on the KS page! Clever and resourceful! Thank you very much Arakin, this is pretty awesome! Final moments celebration TONIGHT! LIVE! Do you want to watch a few games of Darkrock Ventures being played live online? Maybe even join in? Tune in later today, we are going to start around 2 hours before the campaign ends, here is the link: <url>"weight budget" that accounts for all of the unlockables and additions that we planned to add to the game, this falls outside of that budget just a little bit. We are reasonably sure we would be OK and under the weight limit, but not 100% sure, which is impossible without more time to get a real apples-for-apples measurement of weight. So right here at this moment in time, the only way to manage that risk is with the fund-level of that given Stretch Goal. ...which we are now prepared to announce: We were tempted to add this goal at $60,000 because that total would make us completely confident that this small gamble won't turn out badly for our shipping costs, but just this alone I felt wasn't enough. So we want to add another bonus: if we can reach $60,000 or more in pledges, we will increase the order for the Spot UV to cover parts of the box as well! (Luckily for us, this has no impact on weight!) THANK YOU ALL for making this possible! A Call to Arms! We've figured out how we can do it responsibly, now we need your help to bring in the backers to make it happen! Let's make this 14"x14" board standard for Darkrock Ventures and set a NEW standard for tabletop game quality!! We've officially started our final 24 hours as of about ten minutes ago. There are your last moments to send out a few Tweets, Facebook messages, G+ posts, Instagram photos, Text-Messages, or Carrier Pigeons! Thank you all again for your overwhelming support!! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Good morning! Welcome all backers new and not-new to what is becoming quite the campaign! We've had a huge spike in backers which is great for the game! We've got some new goodies for all of you, but let's start with what you have achieved since yesterday: What comes next? We have added a new Stretch Goal to fill in some of the gap between these and our big Spot UV board upgrade. This game could use some more cards, so let's toss some in: and don't forget about this little guy: I'd also like to make everyone aware that we are currently only 10 more Facebook Page likes away from Achieving yet another Corporate Sponsor card! So how about that board size upgrade? We started barking up the tree for Spot UV quite some time ago, so we are better prepared to analyze its affect on cost at this exact moment in time. However, for an even bigger board we did not anticipate this kind of response so we are trying to get a response and quote update from our manufacturer so we can take that information to our distributor to make sure we don't get into trouble with package size and weight by adding another two inches to each dimension on the board. As soon as we learn more, we will share that information with our backers and see what we can do with it since the response has been so great. We are not afraid to add it in after the campaign ends if we don't hear back in time...That is, if all signs point to it being an inexpensive and responsible upgrade of course. I would not want to jeopardize the project at large, you all deserve better than that. So we will keep sharing the information we have and hopefully we will have a better idea of what our options will be by the end of today! :) Thank you for sticking with us and for your honesty and respect in your feedback! You ladies and gentlemen are outstanding! Did you miss our live cast of Co-Op mode last night? That's OK! It was recorded and can be watched on YouTube at your leisure! <url>"Normal" difficulty and it came down to the wire! We barely pulled through! We would love to hear what you all think of this new play mode, everyone so far has enjoyed it! Backing the Backers! We have some time, and we have some options we quoted out and do know the impact of, so I'd like to ask our wonderful backers again for their opinion on something... Depending on whether or not we can get the 14x14 board sorted out in time, how do you folks feel about interior box printing with an illustrated dice tray in the box lid? Let us know in the comments and social media, #DRVbacker! Until this afternoon, probably! You're all melting the next stretch goal already so I better wrap this up before I need to rewrite it again! You all are AMAZING and we're so thankful to have you all with us. Tell everyone you know and let's make this a big finish!! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Gratuitous Stretch Goal Destruction! I've been constantly amazed by you all and what we have accomplished! All of you who have been championing this project have much to show for it! THANK YOU! Welcome to all of our new backers who have jumped in to help us along this amazing journey! Now we get Custom Captain meeples!! I was going to write about how close we were to the next goal...and then you guys broke that one too before I could finish writing this update! BRAVO! Way to keep us on our toes! Backing the Backers! Thank you all for your feedback about the player aids. We will find a good meet-in-the-middle solution for these before the final order is placed. We really appreciate everyone's opinion! No matter what we ultimately do for the final product, we will furnish a printable file with full final art for free on the BGG page for those that want one for every player if that is something we cannot include in the box (there are some weight concerns we haven't fully analyzed yet). In other Backer's Poll news: We've been getting a LOT of feedback that something even bigger than a 12"x12" board (unfolded size) is desirable. We are prepared to offer a stretch goal to make it 14"x14" and we want to know what you think! A little backstory: All of the boards you see in the preview videos are 10"x10". That was the only size I was able to get print-on-demand that wasn't excessively too large, and that 10"x10" board was slightly cramped but still completely usable. If you have met us in person to play the game, we are using the same 10"x10" sample boards which look a lot better than the 12"x12" boards I printed myself at home for development and taped together. :) Anyhow, we knew that a 12"x12" design would be much better and make for a sweet spot in terms of comfort space and overall footprint of the game. 14"x14" would be super spacious by comparison, but it would lose a little bit of its small-table identity...which is OK if that is what the community wants out of Darkrock Ventures! Now that everyone knows that story, if our backers want us to go bigger, we will figure out the cost difference and produce a stretch goal accordingly! Please let us know in the comments and of course by using #DRVbacker! We will make a decision by the end of the day and post a new Stretch Goal if applicable. Thanks for being in this with us TOGETHER! Psst. Remember that Solo/Co-op mode you all unlocked? Wanna see it? We're going to be having another "Game Dev Live" show tonight courtesy of the talented Andrew C. Enriquez on TableTop Simulator. Want to see the crazy cool new Co-Op mode? TUNE IN on Youtube tonight! (Link currently shows a countdown to when the stream will begin) <url>"remind me" button is going to get notified and they are going to come back and see everything we have accomplished. Darkrock Ventures does not look like a $39 game anymore, now it looks like it should cost much, much more and you all have made that possible! Thank you all for believing in us and standing together to show everyone what a great backer community can do. Cheers, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Behold our field of stretch goals, for many of them are BROKEN! Welcome to all of our backers new and not-new! Thank you for being a part of this experience and helping us shape the destiny of this outstanding game! Look at all this stuff you accomplished since yesterday: And we are amazingly close to unlocking our next goal: Upgraded Captain meeples! So what is next? Since this campaign has turned into a BOSS-RUSH SPEEDRUN; We've pulled out FOUR new strech goals a posted them for you all! You guys have made me feel like a game show host unveiling all of the awesome prizes! And I mean that in the best possible way (okay it was kind of a childhood dream of mine to host a game show. TMI, I know.) I want to welcome our new backers from overseas, we saw a bunch of folks from France hop in last night, thank you for joining us! Backing the Backers: Quick survey time! And now for another episode of Backer's Choice! We have a question for you all about the reference sheet in the game that offers a quick cheat-sheet reference of what all the spots on the board do. We have found that players do not need them after about their second game. We already plan to include a quick-reference sheet explaining all of the spots on the board on the back of the rules booklet, but we need to know: is that enough? What say you, our loyal backers? How do you feel about additional Quick-Reference cards in the package? A) A reference on the back of the rulebook is all we need! No need to add more components and weight for something most players will use only once or twice B) For most people, a quick-reference on the back of the book is enough, but I think one or two reference cards (approximately the same size, shape and thickness as the player boards) will be a very helpful addition for new players and those that require it. C) Every player needs a quick-reference card. There should be one for each player, regardless of the extra cost and weight. Please comment or tweet using the hashtag #DRVbacker so we know what to offer next! THANK YOU I can't say it enough, Thanks to every one of you from the bottom of our hearts for making this dream possible! I don't want to jinx it, but I think we are slated to reach an amazing total by the end of this campaign, please keep sharing this campaign with your friends and let them know about the new features that have been added! We're just a little over 3 days left to go! WE CAN DO IT! All the best, Ian S. Stedman Magic Meeple Games Solo and Co-Operative modes are now included in every copy of Darkrock Ventures and all of the cards will be premium quality! Good morning and welcome to our new backers! I am AMAZED how quickly those two stretch goals fell down, but we'll keep making new ones all day everyday until the end if we need to! Check out what YOU guys and gals have accomplished: Darkrock ventures will now be labeled for 1-5 Players and the components for solo and cooperative play have become a standard inclusion. Bravo, everyone! Thank you for your awesome support! The results are in! Thank you everyone who responded to the informal survey included in the last update. The responses we received were overwhelmingly in favor of additional cards, but some folks want special Meeples as well. So...why not both? Check out our three new stretch goals! (which I am sure you folks will annihilate before I can finish my coffee!) :) Thank you all again for the great feedback and response! We are elated to hear that we are doing things right by you all, please keep the input coming! If there is something you believe we can do better, we want to know. You are our biggest champions and advocates and are a part of this game's creation--we appreciate you all! So what comes next? We are almost at our next achievement for Twitter followers, which will add another Corporate Sponsor card to the game! Our future stretch goals depend on the pace of the campaign over the next couple of days. If we manage to burn through these very quickly, we will definitely add in more card unlocks, but we are also considering some other neat things that might have been prohibitively expensive before. If the pace is appropriate and it turns out to be financially responsible, we have some awesome upgrades we could add. If you all liked the mini-survey I added in the last update, let us know! If that is a good method to plan our goals with our backers, we can keep doing that! :) Keep sharing and tweeting! DRV Backer Curtis has shared in the comments that there is a discussion about Darkrock Ventures on /r/boardgames on Reddit, if you are a Reddit user he has invited you to join him in the discussion! <url>#BestBackers As a way of saying thanks to the best backers on Kickstarter, here is a copy of the Captain's Badges we have been wearing to conventions! If you plan to play a game of the Darkrock Ventures Preview PnP this weekend (or just for fun), feel free to make one for yourself and display it proudly! Until next time! Thanks again for all the wonderful support and feedback! We'll be in touch soon, let's make these new goals vaporize! 4 Days to go! All the best, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Good morning and welcome to all of our new backers! I have some good news for everyone: Stretch goal DISINTEGRATED! Whats next? Solo/Co-Op mode! Designer's Corner: a word from Michael Eskue Progression of player counts: When starting this design, the game consisted of a single card, three dice, and three tokens. The idea was to make the game as small as possible, but the player count was theoretically infinite because each player took turns independently. Players took equal turns trying to score points, but there was no direct interaction or competition for available spaces. As the game developed though, testers wanted more player interaction and possible conflict. This led to interesting decisions because you would need to guess what spots other players may go for and plan your placement accordingly. For example, if you knew no other players had resources to export, it is usually safe to assign your Crew to other spots first and then use the last one to export (that is unless someone likes to “hate draft”... ahem ACE :) ...but sometimes that's what makes for a memorable and fun game night). Eventually, the game leveled out at the standard two to four players and worked pretty well. We wanted to see if we could cram in a fifth player, and some felt the board was a little too crowded. Players may place multiple Crew on a single spot, but sometimes you don't really want to double up or there may not even be that many resources available. This was especially a concern near the end of the game so spots like Subcontract and Release Crew were added. Rig Reboot was also added later in the design to give players more options for mitigating the dice rolls. After much testing, we felt pretty good about the two to five player count. Having more players in the game gave a slightly different feel, but there was still competition over the most useful spaces each turn with even just two players. Some of the initial previewers mentioned that they would have expected some kind of scaling with different player counts. We took this idea back to the design workshop and came up with a variant that makes a two player game feel more like a three player game. I can't reveal too much just yet, but stay tuned for more news on that. Somewhere along the way, Ian's wife (Patricia) had an idea: what if we added a cooperative mode to the game? I had never even considered that before, but the more I thought about it, but more it made perfect sense. In any coop game, you need something to act as the antagonist besides the other players. In Darkrock Ventures, this was sitting right in front of our noses with the Therion Mauraders. In the standard game, they are more of a nuisance and a way to push you luck. However, in the coop game, these aliens aren't messing around and you really need to keep them in check if you want to get out alive. Like most coop games, this can also work as a solitaire game, thus extending the player count to one to five players. The coop/solo game uses most of the standard rules, but does require a few more bits to track damage to the various spots as well as the mission progress. I'm extremely excited about how the coop version turned out and really hope we can meet that stretch goal so you all can enjoy it as well. Thanks again! Backing the Backers We have a couple of different options for our next stretch goal, and we'd like to hear from YOU about what you want to see next and would get the most excited about. Please let us know in the comments or via Twitter or Facebook what you'd like to see for our next stretch goal after what is currently posted, please use the hashtag #DRVbacker so we can find your responses easily :) A) More Corporate Sponsor &amp; Research cards or B) Custom-shaped Meeples for the Captain pieces (with Crew pieces to follow as a separate goal) or C) Custom-shaped Meeples for ALL Crew &amp; Captain pieces (would be a higher goal than B alone) Thank you for your feedback!! 5 Days to go! We're entering the home stretch! We have redoubled our promotional efforts with a new batch of banners on BGG which some of you may have seen. We have also been posting to all Kickstarter game communities on social media that we could find to invite more backers to join us. Now more than ever we need your help! If you know of any online communities where people might like to know about Darkrock Ventures, please take a few minutes today to post or share about this campaign so we can reach our next milestones! Keep sharing and posting on your social media, we're doing great! Thank you ALL for your continued support! -Ian S. Magic Meeple Games Seven days to go... Good morning and welcome to all of our new backers! As we enter the final week of the Darkrock Ventures campaign, I wanted to share some good news. We have accomplished THREE separate goals in the past day! 500 Backers! What an amazing milestone! Thank you ALL for your support, here is what you all have unlocked for Darkrock Ventures: These dice are going to look great!! And $33k+ in Pledges has earned this! Our wooden score-tracking bits will now be cut and shaped. Export your riches in STYLE! But wait, there's more! You have shown us a lot of love on Facebook! This will add yet another Corporate Sponsor card to the game, bringing the current total to 6 with more planned to come! We are only about 50 new Twitter followers away from the next Social Media achievement. As amazing as you all have been so far, that should be easy for all us in this final week so please keep sharing the campaign and encourage others to check it out! Onward and upward! Thank you all for your continued dedication and support! #BestBackers Solo &amp; Co-Op modes are within reach! Let's do this! Have a great Tuesday, and we'll talk to you again very soon we're sure! Sincerely, Ian S. Magic Meeple Games GenCon Adventure! We're back from GenCon! And what a show this year. Thank you to all of you who backed us during the convention, whether it was a result of meeting us and/or the game, or just because this is when you stumbled upon Darkrock Ventures, we appreciate you joining us all! Extra special thanks to all of the already-backers who found us at Gencon to say hello and get a peek at DRV, it was awesome meeting all of you as well! I wish there was more of me and more time at the show to do all the things and see all the people we wanted to. It was an absolutely crazy event! Solo play AND Co-op play?? Yes! You read that right! We have been working on a Solo mode / Co-operative mode to add in to the game as a mini expansion for the past few months. We planned to offer it as a stretch goal from the very beginning, but felt that it would be a great "final-push" stretch goal so we kept it rather quiet and hidden. However, as some reviewers and backers have pointed out, the Kickstarter community needs to know about this inclusion now. Solo and co-operative modes in board games are very popular right now and we had been losing interest due to the public not knowing our intentions about these add-ons... So, we are proud to announce the next Stretch goal: The Mini Expansion #2 Stretch Goal will include the rules and components for Solo Mode, and Co-operative mode, giving players even MORE ways to enjoy Darkrock Ventures, and extending its replayability by another order of magnitude. These modes will focus on the use of Destruction tokens knocking out specific sites on the board unless/until they are repaired...but don't let too many sites become damaged or you'll be overwhelmed and defeated! The Therion Marauders will be much more aggressive in these modes as well; the decisions you make will be absolutely critical for success (and, of course, it will scale for difficulty as well.) Please share this news so all of the on-the-fencers know that if they back RIGHT NOW, we'll get the Solo/Co-op modes everyone has been waiting for! Backing the Backers I want to take a moment to thank all of the people who have come forward with earnest feedback about our project and what they wanted to see Darkrock Ventures become. Without you, we would not have known how passionate you were about seeing this stretch goal early and I want you to know that we're listening and we care! You are our best champions and advocates and it is our goal and honor to bring you the best product we can, your voices tell us how we can do that. We've been citizens of the internet for a very long time now and we know that this is a place where trust is in short supply and sometimes people can turn on you in a second. I am honored and humbled to report that we have not received one single email, direct message, tweet, etc. that has been outwardly negative, rude, or even impolite about Darkrock Ventures or this campaign. All of the feedback we have gotten has been reasonable, kind, and open-minded. No demands, but suggestions. No anger, but questions. You all truly are the best backers in the world in our opinion and we hope you appreciate our efforts as much as we appreciate you all! More Good News! Some of you may have noticed some other changes in the Stretch Goals as well! After meeting with out manufacturer at GenCon we have discovered that the improvement on the dice will not represent as much of a shift in cost as we previously thought, so we have untied it from a monetary level and have decided to give it to our backers once we reach 500 pledges (as of this writing, that's only 10 to go!) so please enjoy! We have also added some more Social Media achievements. Everyone has been so amazing in following us and encouraging others to do so that we wanted to add in another level to increase the average amount of rewards per like/follow as our way of saying thanks! With more unlocks may come more momentum and that is great for us all! Please reinvigorate your sharing efforts as we enter our final week and let everyone know about these new improvements to the Darkrock Ventures campaign! We need your help! And now a word from the Designer, Michael Eskue! All the thanks! At the risk of sounding like an acceptance speech from an awards show, I want to take a moment to appreciate all those who helped make Darkrock Ventures possible. Starting with a recent development, HUGE thanks to Adam Powell for pledging a mind-blowing amount and funding the project in one fell swoop (along with the stretch goals at the time). The extreme generosity of strangers is an interesting thing. Of course, the contribution itself is beyond amazing, but there are ripple effects that span so far beyond what any one person will ever know. Thanks again, Adam, not just for your pledge, but for your inspiration. Thanks to Michael Coe for taking on this project and Nathan Hafield for helping behind the scenes. Thanks to Ian and Patricia Stedman for the honor of making this the first game from Magic Meeple. It's so awesome to see others get excited about game designs and even cooler when they step up and base their publishing company on one of those ideas. As always, thanks to my wonderful wife, Lisa, for endless playtesting and helping me to develop the game into what it is today. Without her listening to my endless ramblings about the game and her continued encouragement, the game would not exist. Huge thanks to Andrew Christopher Enriquez for helping to develop the game and spending an insane amount of time helping me test it out and gathering up a bunch of others to help test it out as well. Andrew also created a Vassal module (digital version of the game) and later a Tabletop Simulator module that made testing super easy. Thanks to each and every playtester for giving input along the way: Gideon, Beverly, and Rick Eskue, JR Honeycutt, Luc Lim, Thomas Rogers, Mark Means, Patrick “GIANT” Quinn, Hank and Kai Panethiere, Andrew Deignan, Jody Kincaid, Greg Silva, Austin Enriquez, Caleb Donath, Sen-Foong Lim, Jay Cormier, Daryl Andrews, Ben, Emma, Noah, and Grace Vaterlaus, Aubrey House, and so many others who helped along the way. Thanks to the proofreaders on BGG for editing assistance in earlier versions: Dillon Fields, Gary Sonnenberg, David Brown, and Zinphad. Last, but certainly not least, thank YOU for backing the project and making dreams possible. There are so many who have been involved in the campaign and even a simple comment makes more of a difference than you may realize. To name a few: Teel McClanahan III, Chuck Reed, Richard Mulholland, Marty McFly (if that's your real name...) and Rainer Åhlfors – I've not met any of you yet, but some day I hope to have the honor of sitting across from you at a game table. - Michael Eskue Designer; Darkrock Ventures Until next time! The final week of the campaign is right around the corner. Let's make this thing explode! Cheers! -Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games Stretch Goal #4 Complete! Great news, everyone! Every copy of Darkrock Ventures will now include shaped pieces for the Neutronium and Solar Energy resources! Thank you to all of our backers who have made this possible! We have posted new stretch goals on the page, and in celebration of GenCon we've posted THREE at once, here they are: We have had some great feedback about the wooden bits, so we want to make sure all of them are as deluxe as we can make them. We have also gotten strong requests for improved dice, so we aim to deliver on that! Upcoming stretch goals include a frequently-requested improvement to Darkrock Ventures' Meeples, and something about an alternate play mode is in store as well so stay tuned and thank you all again! Hello Indianapolis! We are here at GenCon! There is tons to see and do here and we will be all over the place at meetups and such, so if you want to play Darkrock Ventures, keep an eye on our twitter page @MagicMeeple to find our whereabouts. If you see one of us wearing our Captain's badge, ask when/where the next demo will be and we'll hook you up! Lots of meetings and appointments today but we will definitely be at the DFW Nerd Nighters party tonight at 7pm tonight in Indy, if you are around, come say hello! Thank you! Thanks again to all of you, our awesome and amazing backers. The pace is picking up, so I'm sure we'll be updating again very soon! Please keep sharing! Sincerely, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games #BestBackers Every time I turn around you all amaze me. Thanks to one of our many outstanding backers upgrading their pledge, we have unlocked another Stretch Goal! Now, every copy of Darkrock Ventures will include the Research Deck Mini-Expansion! This is an optional-use addon that can be used to increase your options and meaningful decision-making dramatically. Three Research Cards will be dealt face-up onto the table with the remaining cards in a face-down pile. You don't even need to worry about the board, the assignment location for your Crew will be right on the back of the cards. Resolving a Crewmember on the Research card will allow you to take one of the three face-up cards and replace it with a new one from the deck, granting you its ability until you replace the card with a new one. This Mini-Expansion starts with 10 cards included, but we have plans to add more in! But for now, our next stretch goal wants to make more of the bits a little bit cooler: Shaped wooden bits for Neutronium and Solar Energy to match the icons on the board is our next goal! We were considering waiting a little longer on this one, but we couldn't wait any longer. These are going to look and feel amazing while you play Darkrock Ventures! The following stretch goal will involve improving more of the wooden bits...and then we have something planned for the dice coming soon after that. Stay tuned for more on those! :) GenCon Bound! We're getting ready for GenCon in a few days, and we hope to see as many of you as possible while we're there! If you want to know where we are or when you'll have opportunities to check out a Darkrock Ventures live demo, please keep an eye on our Twitter: @MagicMeeple we will post frequently about our activities and current status/location. We will not have a booth, so open gaming will definitely be our go-to. We will also be at the DFW Nerd Nighters party for a few hours on Thursday night, it's a charity event which is also free to attend! Thank you! I feel I say it too infrequently still: Thank you all for your support in this project! Thank you for sharing our links and spreading the news, it is working! Please don't stop now! We've got another 15 days to go, let's aim for the stars! Sincerely, Ian S. MagicMeepleGames Sorry for the delay! I had something prepared for this, but it happened so quickly and suddenly, and while I was out visiting the great guys with the Cards and Chit podcast (look for the link coming soon to the page) that I have been working feverishly to get an update out to you as soon as I got home! And now the great news... An angel among us! Ladies and Gentlemen, I am delighted to report that we are now over 100% funded and past our first TWO stretch goals! A gentleman whom I have closely known for more than twenty years has come forward, an angel-investor if you will, and has pledged for the special "Name the Asteroid" pledge level, along with an EXTRA $9,000 to ensure we would break our funding goal today. I am completely honored and humbled by this demonstration of support. I also understand this situation is very atypical and some of you have been confused by this. I have been assured this pledge is legitimate, I have verified the pledge with the backer and he is happy to help us all get the best game possible out of Darkrock Ventures. THANK YOU, ADAM! New Stretch Goals So now that our first two stretch goals have been completely annihilated, I would like to introduce our third...and it's a big one... Our first Mini-Expansion enters the sector! The Research Deck! The Research Deck will feature a special cardback with an assignment location right on the back, which will allow you to choose one of three face-up Research cards in the supply. Each player can have only one Research card at a time, and each offers a special effect or ability to help you extract the most wealth from the Darkrock! This is an optional feature of the game, which can be used or omitted completely seamlessly depending on how much time you have to play, how many players, and how familiar each player is with the game. This initial goal will unlock the first TEN Research cards, with more to be added later! I have more stretch goals to post over the next day or two as well, I just wanted to make sure at least one active goal was visible while I get everything set up for the next How to help! This campaign has been reinvigorated and we want everyone to know! Anyone holding out until after the campaign funds has now just lost their last excuse not to get in on this great game! Please share the news that we have FUNDED and let's see these stretch goals fall! Germany Backers! If you or someone you know resides in Germany or the surrounding area and would like to reduce the cost of shipping by sharing a multi-pack of Darkrock Ventures, a very enthusiastic backer has put out a call to arms on boardgamegeek to find more backers in the area to share the discount with! Check out this thread to find out more: <url>"Table For Two" show! <url>"Euro-game" label and questions about the game's learning curve. Once most individuals with questions like this see and try the game, they tend to light up and exclaim "That was a lot less complicated than I expected!" And it is! The most daunting part of learning the rules of Darkrock Ventures is most certainly the different functions of each assignment spot on the board. Once the reference sheet is provided, the clouds tend to part and the phases of each turn become the focus and mastery is attained typically after a single game. Similarly, we've been asked why the package isn't labeled for a younger age group if this is the case, and the answer to that question is regulation. To sell a game or toy product marketed for kids 13 and under, a great deal of additional regulatory procedure is required to ensure the product is safe for children, and that procedure and approval process is prohibitively expensive for many independent publishers. This is not to say that anyone 13 and under wouldn't enjoy the game or could not grasp it at all--in fact we had several youngsters play at the various conventions at which we have toured DRV and they caught on straight away and loved it. (I also want to stress that this is not because we are using products that are unsafe. Our manufacturer has a very strong reputation in this industry and Magic Meeple Games will never, ever knowingly distribute a product that contains harmful components or materials, but small bits are still a choking hazard and that is part of the reason as well.) So; I'd like to ask for ideas! If you have any thoughts on how to help us convey the high accessibility of this game, despite that "Euro-game" can automatically mean "Super complicated" or "Hard to understand" to some people, we want to show that isn't true! and, yes, this game really does only take 30-45 minutes to play and it doesn't require a degree in aerospace engineering either :-) We are excited to hear your thoughts, and thanks in advance! Something Cool to Check out! Not long ago, another active project was shared with us with the interrogative "Hey! Did you know that there is another campaign right now making the PERFECT dice for Darkrock Ventures??" To which I responded with something like "Bwuuuuuuuh?? Tell me more!" The project is called Space Roller; the dice they are making are gorgeous and the colors are perfect for the Shared/Neutronium dice. We ordered a set for our game! We hope they unlock all of our player colors via their stretch goals so we can get a complete set! Final Thought for the Day Thank you all again for your continued support, the sharing on social media. the cross-promotion ideas, they are coming from YOU, the community, and we think that is awesome. So, thanks for being awesome! If you have any more ideas to help us out or get the word out, please let us know in a message, a tweet, or the comments, we read them all! All the best, Ian Stedman Magic Meeple Games