Hello Backers! Since our last update, we have made progress in several departments. Let’s get started! Main PCB Assembly Components for Voder’s main board arrived this week! We promptly put together a functional prototype by carefully soldering them into place onto the PCB. Check out pictures of a completed board below. Audio Tests Continue As highlighted in the last update, we had finished testing 3D printed forms over the mics of a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit. The purpose of those tests was to answer the questions of mic placement and the level of noise interference during recording. The results pointed to an upward facing mic position on the main board, as you can see pictured above. Nailing down the mic placement led us to a new design of the enclosure. This iteration features two openings on the top, each with a channel reaching down and covering their respective mics. Check out pictures of these details below. When we hit the road to test how well the mics worked while enclosed in this new design, the recordings were clear and uninhibited. Voder FAQ Will Alexa voice recognition and skills work? Yes. We are currently working on an Alexa Demo. Still red LEDs? Yes, we are sticking with red LED matrices. Will Voder continue to support Alexa, Spotify, Google Play Music, and NPR One out of the box? Voder will support Alexa which includes control over the Spotify app. With Voder’s new scope we are currently not supporting Google Play or NPR One. Ask Google Anything The office has been filled with pun-heavy jokes this past week. This is due to our software team finishing a Google Assistant demo and then finding out that Google has nothing but punny jokes to share. This demo is open to the public and ready to use! You can find all the source files in our Github account . If you have a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit, you can start using it now by downloading the .chp file here and copying it to your Dev Kit using our web flasher . If you don't want to download the .chp, we've built the image into our flasher too. The demo is automated so, as soon as the device is flashed and restarted audio instructions will guide you through a one-time setup. All you need is a pair of headphones or a speaker and the WiFi antenna connected to the Dev Kit. Once done with setup, you will have the power of Google’s API at your fingertips and all the cheesy jokes your heart desires. Before going, we would like to share a couple of our favorites. Who designed King Arthur’s round table? .......... Circumference. What’s forrest gump’s password? .......... 1forrest1 See you next update! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Hello, Backers! We have audio updates, PCB updates, and more! Voder Listens Voder microphone testing is underway! First up is testing mic direction to capture an optimal audio sample from the dash of our vehicle. We designed and 3D printed physical forms to block each mic to test different paths from the input of our driver’s voice to the mics on the board. Below you see the prints being fitted on a C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit which we use in Voder prototypes. We take these prototypes on the road to test how well the mics record vocals while in noisy conditions. For each mic test, after the wake word is spoken, the software captures a clip of audio, analyzes it, and whatever the software “hears” is played back followed by the original audio clip. These tests simulate what it will be like when you use Voder. Based on the performance of the mics and software, tweaks to the design and code are made to ensure Voder hears you loud and clear! Check out some video captured during our initial tests. <url>’ve had a lot of questions for us. Here are answers to your most frequently asked questions. Is Voder still a car accessory or is it just a dev board? From the beginning, Voder has been an open source development board designed for an in-vehicle experience. Software features will be released as code samples to show how they work and help you jump-start your own application. Here are the features we are currently working on: Wake-word Detection ( In development! ) Google Assistant ( In development! ) Driving LED Display ( In development! ) WiFi Network Setup ( In development! ) Alexa Mic Setup Speaker Setup Echo Cancellation Noise Reduction OBD-II Data Over Bluetooth How big is Voder? With the case on, Voder measures to the specs below. These dimensions may change slightly throughout development. Length: 88 mm Width: 77 mm Height: 30 mm Is Voder white? The white coloring you are seeing is the color of the 3D printed material we use for all prototypes. We intend for Voder’s exterior to have a dark tone to minimize reflection when inside the vehicle. Will the Voder enclosure file be open source so I can print my own? Yes! Add more openings for additional ports, print one that glows in the dark, or give Voder cat ears! We will keep addressing questions as they come our way. See you next update! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC New Name We have resolved our trademark dispute. The product formerly known as Dashbot will heretofore be known as Voder! Thank you so much for all your suggestions. Many were a great laugh. A shout out to some favorites from the community. Bashdot by UnixExOutlaw Dashy McBotface by tehCoops Dashvox by John Hoogland Vox CoPilot by Plangdon We used many of your suggestions in our brainstorming sessions. Particularly the ones that had “vox” or “voice” in the name which eventually lead us to Voder. Not only did we pick Voder because it sounded great, but it also has historical context: The Voder is what Bell Labs called their first device that electronically synthesized speech in 1939. PCB and Enclosure Progress With Gus back from having his first child (Congrats, Papa!), we now have our first manufacturing candidates of the PCBs in-house! Samples of our final components are on their way and assembly of the LED and main PCB are underway. The design for manufacture (DFM) prototype of the enclosure is coming along well. As you can see below, the latest iteration Thomas has built includes newly added features such as living hinges that depress switches on the main PCB. Next steps will be testing software with the hardware, releasing software demos, and further validation of the enclosure design and assembly. So, What is Voder Anyway? While Voder’s identity was in dispute, we had to evaluate what was most important to the product and the project. As many of you know, we here at Next Thing Co. are dedicated to making it easier to build embedded Linux products for individuals and companies of any size. So, we decided to focus on what we do best, making open source hardware and software tools for building. Our main goal for Voder is to create a product powered by C.H.I.P. Pro that uses voice recognition and AI software (two things C.H.I.P. Pro is ideal for). We see this feature-set as an exciting addition to the in-vehicle experience. Voder is a step towards this future. Rather than a polished off-the-shelf automotive accessory, Voder is a development platform designed to enable rapid creation of voice recognition products. This includes products that will bring us closer to the benefits of seamless voice-control while driving. Features and Software Progress What Features Does Voder Support? NEW: We have added GPIO and serial pin breakouts for your prototyping needs! Features are still being evaluated and will be released as confirmed. Here is a list of what Voder currently supports: High fidelity MEMS microphone array Red LED display Backup battery Micro-SD storage expansion port On-PCB GPIO and serial breakouts To keep you up to speed we will release code as software demos that will be compatible with GR8-based hardware. These demos will feature Bluetooth, Google Assistant, digital signal processing using high fidelity MEMS mics, and more. Reward Fulfillment We are truly grateful for your support for this project. We literally could not make Voder without you! Though the journey has its challenges and unexpected turns, we are committed to making Voder a reality and rewarding you for your support and patience. When will Voder ship? Now that the distracting trademark dispute is behind us, we're working hard to get Voder ready for production and on its way to you. Currently, we're estimating to ship in early 2018. Withdrawing Support We realize that Voder’s progress may not meet your expectations. If you decide to withdraw your support from this project, we will honor your decision and refund your pledges in full. We will do our best to process them sooner but refunds may take up to 90 days. To request a refund send an email to <email> with the name and email associated with the pledge. What’s Next? There have been many moving parts that we have been waiting to line up before giving an update with enough information to answer your questions. We truly appreciate your support of this project and your patience on this journey. We're so excited to see what you do with Voder and we’ll keep the updates coming, and more frequently, we promise! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Dashbackers! Let’s get you up to speed! Significant progress on the enclosure, with even more news coming soon. First, a bit about what’s been going on behind the scenes... What’s in a Name? Apparently sometimes legal action... Before we launched the Kickstarter campaign, we worked with our legal team and filed a trademark application for the name 'Dashbot'. Earlier this year, we received a cease and desist letter regarding the name ‘Dashbot’. After much discussion and the minimum required legal time, we’ve decided we’d rather not throw any more of our time or your pledge money at the right to use the name ‘Dashbot’ . To help resolve this issue, the product formerly known as Dashbot will be given a new name. While we have some internal suggestions floating around, we wanted to give you, a backer of the product formerly known as Dashbot , a voice in its rebranding! Submit your suggestions on our product formerly known as Dashbot forum ! Because we're not lawyers (though we have very good lawyers working for us) and this is still an ongoing issue, we'd appreciate you joining us in avoiding any legal speculation. As soon as this is resolved, we'll update you. Don't worry, only the name is changing. In other news, we've made great progress (see below!). The Enclosure is Getting Close. After two months of work and consultation with Gus, Thomas has finalized the next iteration of the enclosure! Taking our design prototype and redesigning with a detailed eye for enclosure manufacturing and assembly, we now have a much better sense of the product formerly known as Dashbot ’s final design. As a part of the enclosure’s redesign, the component placement within the product formerly known as Dashbot have changed (some more significantly than others). This, along with the other mechanical constraints (it has gotten just a bit larger), requires some significant revision to the PCB for a production ready layout. Gus and the NTC hardware team are on the job! More news on that when it’s ready! Take a peek at Thomas’ shop drawings for the revised enclosure! Develop for the product formerly known as Dashbot ! We’ve received a handful of messages from Dashbackers asking about how they can begin to develop for the product formerly known as Dashbot . The best and fastest way to get started is the C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit. With a C.H.I.P. Pro at its heart along with dual mics, it is essentially the developer kit for the product formerly known as Dashbot. We’ll be releasing software as it is ready, starting with a developer preview of Gadget, the software tools we’re using internally to write the code for the product formerly known as Dashbot . Stay tuned! Much Much More To Come! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ ntc Dashbackers! With the holidays, CES, and Chinese New Year all nearly behind us, it’s time to get you back up to speed! FIRST THE HOUSEKEEPING! (Email &gt; Kickstarter Messages) We’ve received a ton of questions, both in messages and on our Kickstarter comment wall. We’re reading every message and will have a response for everyone. Moving forward, the best, fastest, and most reliable way to contact us is to email <email> . NEW DASHBOT CIRCUIT BOARDS! After the campaign, we collected a series of design notes and necessary revisions to Dashbot’s internal circuit board. We’re closing in on the next iteration of Dashbot’s PCB ( printed circuit board ), which we’ll be sending out to fab over the next few weeks to continue working towards Dashbot’s final design . While this version isn’t final, it represents a significant move along the road to production. UPDATES TO THE ENCLOSURE! Along with the iteration to the PCB, we’re further refining Dashbot’s exterior. A few subtle tweaks to the enclosure help to accommodate the shifting placement of components on the PCB and ultimately will make for a much smoother manufacturing and assembly process. Part of this process is continuing to explore Dashbot's look and feel. SOFTWARE REQUESTS! One of the most common requests we’ve seen is ‘Will Dashbot work with X?’ We personally use many of the services we’ve seen requested, but for our initial release we’ll be keeping our scope limited to the services mentioned in the Dashbot Kickstarter page . Once Dashbot’s software is released, anyone can begin implementing additional features. Some NTC employees have designs on implementing a few themselves! Keep the requests coming! We love hearing how to make Dashbot better for the community! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come! \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Backers! Checkered Flag! You did it! Dashbot is funded, exceeding our goal by over 260%! Thank you so much for your support and enthusiasm over the past month. You're the best and we're so excited to have you along for the ride! \(•◡•)/ &lt;3 Over the next 8 months, we are going to take you behind the scenes to keep you up to date on Dashbot's journey to your dashboard. Look for updates along the way, full of progress, process, and videos. In the meantime, join us on the Next Thing Co. Dashbot forum where the conversation is lively! If you have any questions, please send us an email us at <email> . WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? Kickstarter needs to transfer the campaign pledge funds (which can take up to 2 weeks) so we can get Dashbot on the road to fulfillment next July. Kickstarter will charge your credit card and collect your pledge. It’s possible that the transaction may be declined due to an expired card, insufficient funds, or safety measures that require you to contact your card provider before payment can be completed. If this is the case, Kickstarter will send an automatic email to alert you. Please keep an eye open for any payment issues via email from Kickstarter. DASHBOT PRE-ORDERS! Now that Dashbot has been kickstarted, we've opened up Dashbot pre-orders at getchip.com , complete with options for both the Retro Pack and the Expansion Pack. DASHBOT PRE-ORDERS WILL SHIP AFTER KICKSTARTER FULFILLMENT. You are our earliest supporters and we're going to make sure you get your Dashbot first. FOLLOW ALONG! Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for quick peeks into our process (also fun gifs) and check out the NTC Blog for fun project ideas for Dashbot and beyond! Thank you again for helping us make Dashbot possible. Buckle up, this is going to be a fun ride! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone @ NTC Thanks to your help, Dashbot is doing laps around our funding goal. There are less than 3 days left to back Dashbot on Kickstarter! Let's finish strong! Help us spread the word by retweeting this tweet ! A New Double-Special OBD-II Reward Level! We’ve seen a ton of requests for a reward level featuring 2 Dashbots with OBD-II so we added one! The 2x Expansion Pack reward gives you twice the hardware as the standard OBD-II level. That’s 2 Dashbots, 2 ODB-II connectors, and 2 8GB SD cards! It’s perfect for the Dashbot owner with more than one vehicle. Get Your Hands on the Tech that Powers Dashbot! Under the hood, Dashbot is powered by C.H.I.P. Pro . Get a jump on developing for Dashbot by ordering your C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit today and get hands-on with the hardware and software that makes Dashbot smart. C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kits are on target to begin shipping the last few days of December and will continue through early January. Join the Dashbot Conversation! Looking for the Dashbot conversation? Join us on the Next Thing Co. Dashbot Forum ! The community is great and the talk is lively. Hope to see you there! Stay tuned. Much, much more to come. \(•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Howdy Dashbackers! What a rush! Thanks to your support Dashbot is fully funded in under 48 hours! There’s still a long road ahead and we’re thrilled to have you along for the ride. To say thanks we've got a surprise for you... DASHBOT DOES ALEXA THINGS! <url>"ALEXA." Remember, Dashbot is open source software and hardware, giving you the after-market options like no other ride in class. Change Dashbot’s voice, animations, and even add support for another AI service, it’s your ride, so mod it as you please. What else do you want to see Dashbot do? Let us know in the comments. All this is only possible with your support. Words cannot express how thankful we are, and Dashbot couldn't find them either. So here's a video of Dashbot making cat sounds. <url>•◡•)/ - everyone @ NTC Backers! We’ve received a ton of messages about the Dashbot Expansion Pack and the OBD-II add-on. Let’s talk car tech! What is OBD-II? OBD-II (short for On-Board Diagnostic II) is a specialized port found on cars made after 1996 that lets you read your car’s vitals. Cars are full of sensors and technology to self-diagnose any problems that may occur during operation and OBD-II makes all of this data easily accessible to you. With the Dashbot Expansion Pack, Dashbot reveals the OBD-II info and tells you what’s actually going on under the hood. Learn your engine RPM, O2 sensors readings, vehicle speed, engine temperature, just by asking Dashbot. How it Works: Plug Dashbot’s OBD-II connector into your car’s OBD-II port, securely pair the OBD-II connector with Dashbot via Bluetooth and unlock all the data hidden in your car. Dashbot uses the OPENXC project, a collection of open source Python libraries developed by researchers at Ford Motor Company. OPENXC makes reading OBD-II data quick and easy, regardless of your car’s make and model. Dashbot Does On-Road Diagnostics Check Engine light on? Don’t waste time and money going to the repair shop only to find out you could have fixed the problem yourself. Just ask Dashbot to tell you what’s wrong. Dashbot easily identifies Check Engine warning codes like EVAP and Oxygen Sensor failures, that are easy to fix at home. Real-Time Data From Your Vehicle Dashbot can provide you with real-time data directly from your car, or save all the stats to your phone for later. Store Content Locally with Dashbot’s SD Card Use Dashbot’s SD card to store and playback local audio files. When you request Dashbot to play music, it also searches the SD card slot for all your tunes. Love super hi-fi? Dashbot supports FLAC, Ogg and Mp3 and supports Micro SD card up to 32GB. Thanks for your ongoing support, we're so close to our goal thanks to your help. Let’s get Dashbot on the road! (And don’t forget to tell your friends! Tag us on Twitter and Facebook !) Everyone @ NTC