It all started here... 5 years ago I launched the Digispark as a small idea to make a small development board, and make it extremely affordable. You all supported it and in doing so created Digistump and inspired many more small affordable development boards. Last week I launched a new initiative with a talented group of team members and contractors - we call it the BuildOne , and we are attempting to do for 3D printing what the Digispark set out to do for development board. The BuildOne is a super easy to use, ultra affordable, fully featured 3D printer! And it's $99. It will ship starting in September. It has auto leveling, wifi, USB, modular design, high end hotend, open firmware and software, and more. A Special Offer As my continuing thank you for the start that I got right here - if you back a BuildOne at any level we'll give you a free upgrade to the super cool PEI bed ($15 value) . Please check it out today! <url>"BuildOne Digistump Supporters Ultimate" - its the same as the Ultimate Edition but $15 less. If you want any other reward or combination of rewards - pledge the total for what you want including shipping minus $15 and pick any reward below that amount, we'll ask what you actually want in the survey. Thank you again for your support from the beginning, and launching this great journey. Many thanks - Erik Holiday Lights! Holiday Lights are interactive holiday decorations delivered by Christmas (in the USA and by or shortly after internationally) with no coding required! They ship for FREE to anywhere in the world, and are Digispark powered and Arduino IDE compatible. This Kickstarter lasts only one week! And, if successful, will ship within a week of ending, guaranteed! Please check it out: <url>~300KB+ for user programs Wireless Uploads and Debugging - All programming and serial style debugging is wireless, and fast! Click upload in the RootCloud IDE or the Arduino IDE and BAM! your code gets uploaded to your Oak in just a few seconds - no matter where in the world it is! No more drivers! The RootCloud - an IOT data cloud - the Oak is backed by the (optional but forever free) RootCloud, a real-time and persistant data cloud for your devices. REST API - Use the RootCloud to interact with your Oak remotely via cURL, command line, IDE, or your favorite programming language Online IDE - Use our advanced Arduino compatible IDE to program, debug, and interact with your Oak! Real-time Dashboards - Use our dashboard builder to build a real-time dashboard with the data from your Oak, and then share it! Simple setup - Connect to the Oak, set the wifi info, and away you go! You can even control it with no programming required! Compatible with most Digispark Shields Help us spread the word! As you probably know - Here at Digistump we're all about Open Source projects - we have no marketing people, no marketing budget, and we don't use any dirty tricks to get people's attention - we just rely on word of mouth - so please help us spread the word about the Oak and the RootCloud by clicking a few of the links below, or telling your favorite blog. Believe us, every mention helps, and supporters asking blogs to write about us is the best way for us to get covered! Send a tweet about it: Click here for a sample tweet This is the one we need the most help with: Send a tip to a blog or news outlet ( <url>"OAK" for 15% off (Expires 4/30/2015) NOTE: If you don't want to receive updates from this project go to you Kickstarter settings page, click Notifications, then click "Manage XX project notifications" and uncheck this project. Announcing the Digispark Pro We are very happy to announce our next project launch and a big brother to the Digispark - the Digispark Pro! We have listened to all the suggestions, complaints, and feedback about the Digispark and have tried to work as many improvements as possible into the Pro, while still keeping it very affordable and compatible with the existing Digispark shields! The Digispark Pro is now on Kickstarter: <url>"Pre-order Form" link. Pre-orders will ship as soon as all Kickstarter orders have shipped. What to do when you get your Digispark? First: Please confirm that everything you ordered was received, if anything is missing send us an email at support at digistump dot com - include your order id, order link, email address, or some way for us to find your order. As well as what you received and what you did not or what was broken. We will not respond to missing items/damaged items reports in any form besides email, we simply don't have time to chase down orders with incomplete info and try to respond through comments/posts. Second: Go here <url>"2 day shipping" but still won't be here until Monday at the earliest (it seems it is not a good time for shipping large boxes right now). What we're doing to get things out ASAP: Since we will easily get through all the Digisparks on hand this weekend, before the next batch comes - we spent some extra time lately on software (so you can use them when you get them) and tutorials. Next week we'll have our helpers come and push out a bunch in one day, we'll continue to pack daily as well. This weekend we'll ship out all the remaining Digisparks on hand, which is about 700 more packages. We'll continue to refine our process in hopes of hitting our 300 a day goal. The final shipment of 15k Digisparks will be here by Wednesday, so no concerns about running out again. We truly apologize that this is going a bit slower than planned - we truly are giving it all of our efforts. We looked into fulfillment companies, but that would have left us in debt after the project. Thank you all for your continued patience, and know that we are committed to getting them to you ASAP! So when can you expect yours? - if you look at your shipping queue postition on your order status page (if you don't have the link to your order status page go here: <url>#1800, probably around the 2nd. Note: the shipping queue position is updated in real time - so if you are #1, your order is being packed next. We do deviate a bit in that we pack upcoming like orders at the same time sometimes, so I'd say the number is accurate within +/- 100 at any given time. Please do not send us any emails asking when yours will ship - the method for estimating above is exactly what we'd use to give you an estimate, and then we're doing math instead of packing orders. While you're waiting: Check out the wiki: <url>"the full-time Digistump team" If you missed the Kickstarter project but want to pre-order some Digisparks - you can do so at our website: <url>"Pre-order Form" link. Pre-orders will ship as soon as all Kickstarter orders have shipped. Digisparks are now shipping! We tried so very hard to get shipping started yesterday, I worked until 3am on all the little glitches in shipping, setup, printing, etc and then called it a night. Today, however, we were able to start shipping! We did not ship nearly as many as we had hoped, but we did work out the kinks today - such as the postage program not handling utf-8 very well, customs forms gone haywire, and our shipping software thinking Canada was in Europe. So, tomorrow we should be smooth sailing. Thank you all for your patience, we truly are doing everything we can to get your Digisparks to you as fast as possible. All packages that are packed this weekend will go out Monday, after that they will go out every weekday afternoon. If you are an international backer and haven't yet please checkout this update for information on customs declarations, providing a phone number for customs, and more: <url>#1 your order will be packed next (more or less - see the other questions for more on this). If you don't have the link to your order details/status page you can get it here: <url>"Your Digispark Order has Shipped" from <email>. It will also have your tracking/delivery confirmation number in it. Your order status page will also show the tracking information and the date and time (in UTC) when the package was packed for shipment. If you don't have the link to your order details/status page you can get it here: <url>#1 on the list, but my order isn't shipping? The queue list is a rough order - here is how it actually works. Orders which contain extras (shields, kits, etc) are packaged at the main packing table (see photo below), since this is over half of the orders we spend the most time running this table. Orders which are just Digisparks are packed in groups (ie. 20 orders with 2 Digisparks in them will all be packed in a row), as this is much more efficient. In addition some orders will be put on hold (for a few hours, not days) when one person is putting together some more kits, refilling parts, etc that those orders need. So from a day to day standpoint the queue order should be pretty accurate, but if you check it every 5 minutes, it might not be. My packaged shipped, where is it? We cannot tell you any more about where your package is then the tracking/delivery confirmation link we provided. Please check that, and if you don't have it within 14 days within the USA, or 30 days internationally from the day shipped, then we can try to help you track it down. Please be patient, much of the speed of delivery depends on your local post offices. Can I make a last minute address change? Until the moment your package ships you can change your address. If it already has shipped there is nothing we can do until it is returned. You can change your address on your order details page. If you don't have the link to your order details/status page you can get it here: <url>"Pre-order Form" link. Pre-orders will ship as soon as all Kickstarter orders have shipped. Production Photos! Production is going smoothly and we are on schedule with our last update. The first case of about 5500 Digisparks should arrive mid next week and we will begin shipping as soon as they do! The remainder (about 15k more for kickstarter orders) will continue to arrive every few days. We finally had a chance to get some photos of production from the factory - we know many were eager to see some more photos of the behind the scenes so we thought we'd make a nice short weekend update out of them. But first a few reminders: Change of address? Go here <url>"Pre-order Form" link. Pre-orders will ship as soon as all Kickstarter orders have shipped. If you need to change your address you can do so with the Order Status link that was sent to you in the "ACTION REQUIRED" email. If you cannot find this link please send us an email (support at digistump dot com) or kickstarter message, be sure to include your email address to help us find your order - and we will send you your order status link. Updates We don't have a whole lot of news, because things are moving along as planned and we're waiting for the final confirmed ship dates from the factory. The time frame we gave in the last update ( which you can see here ) is still looking good (starting to ship late Nov to early Dec), we are realistically looking at shipping starting more likely in early December then late November at this point, but are continuing to work with the factory to expedite things further. We have nearly all of the final production PCBs for the shields in hand (and all parts for the kits, shipping materials, etc in hand as well), we are just waiting on a few more batches of the PCBs in the next week or so. We are about 50% done with kitting all of the shield kits, that's over 10,000 kits complete and ready to go. All 6,000 RGB kits are ready to go (thanks to my wonderful wife)! Our second laser cutter is up and running and we are beginning to cut cases daily. We received all of the acrylic (about 600 lbs of it for the cases), we'll try to get some pictures of the process for the next update. We plan to continue to cut them right through shipping and should have no problem keeping pace with both machines going. Smartduino / Smartbus Open I/O Adapter We have been working with Dimitri of the Smartduino project to help him design a Smartbus adapter for the Digispark shields. He has released this ( check out his updates here ), and generously offered it for free to all of his supporters. So if you have backed that project as well make sure to get one, and if you haven't check it out! You can check it out here: smARtDUINO: Open System by former ARDUINO's manufacturer - 6 days left to get in on it. The adapter will allow you to plug any of the Digispark shields into the Smartbus system, allowing you to control them with a Smartduino. Some shields might require small code changes, but all together it should be pretty plug and play. We think this is a great step to ensuring all of these Arduino based systems can share some common parts. Dimitri and I are looking forward to many more collaborations in the future, and we are both working with Ken of the Tinyduino project as well! RGB + USB Demo Video Finally, to help tide over our backers while they wait for the Digisparks we wanted to show off a very simple demo we put together. Here is a video of using the RGB Shield and a Digispark, connected to the computer via USB to have a computer controlled RGB LED - similar (albeit not as polished) to the Blink(1) - a DIY DigiBlink for $13 ($12 for a Digispark + $1 for the RGB) or less ($9 at quantity)! Check out the video! - It's a bit rough, it's been a long week, but we hope it gives you some ideas for your Digisparks! Note: When we enter a color change into the command line the change is immediate, it appears delayed in the video only because we wanted to show the fading capabilities. When the Digisparks ship we will have a downloadable update for the Arduino IDE available - it will add Digispark support and install basic examples for all of the shields. We also have created some libraries to help with USB communication and debugging over USB that will be released with that. We also hope to have several demos like the one in this video, to jumpstart people's ideas and provide some basic examples of more advanced uses - from there we will leave it up to the community! We are documenting this entire process, as well as the building of all the shields, and some getting started guides. For those who want to know - some technical details on this demo: The command line program is python and libusb - cross platform ready It could have been written in anyhting with libusb (Python, C, C++, Ruby) or any language with access to USB HID Reports. The usb communication is done with USB-HID reports - no drivers needed The usb communication works both ways, to and from the Arduino (we are also working on a simple USB LCD demo!) We have a similar command line app to act like the Arduino serial monitor for debugging The python app handles converting colors to RGB values, the Digispark gets the RGB values and fades towards them Since one of the 3 PWM pins is shared with one of the USB pins, blue is being handled by software PWM We also have a demo app that checks a mailiantor.com account for new messages and changes the color to the color named in the subject, this allows us to use If This Then That (ifttt.com) to change the color on a variety of triggers. I encourage anyone who wants to discuss this or any other projects further to checkout the community forums at digistump.com/board Thank you all again for your support and patience while we work to get Digisparks into your hands! If you missed the Kickstarter project but want to pre-order some Digisparks - you can do so at our website: <url>"Pre-order Form" link. Pre-orders will ship as soon as all Kickstarter orders have shipped. Please excuse the lack of recent updates, we were getting everything in order behind the scenes before we sent another update. We'll keep this brief in words, as it has been a long day, but plentiful in pictures, because we know many enjoy them! Timeline Update We'll start with the most important news, we've been getting lots of emails asking questions about the shipping timeline. As we mentioned in our last update, the biggest obstacle for the factory was sourcing the parts for 30,000 Digisparks - usually sourcing that many parts, especially some of the less common ones the Digispark requires, takes 3+ months. When we found how difficult it would be to source so many parts on short notice, 30% extra for parts was paid to expedite the process. With that our factory gave us the mid-November date we mentioned in our last update. We have since found out that, while the part sourcing was still expedited, some parts still ended up with 10 week lead times and didn't get ordered as soon as they should have. The result is that the factory will have all of the parts in mid-November and will then work to produce the units as fast as they possibly can. The worst case is that we will have the Digisparks in our hands and start shipping in early December. We are however continuing to work with them to ship the Digisparks as they are made (instead of all of them at once when they are finished), at substantial additional cost, so we can start shipping by late November. We will have some production samples in our hands by the end of the month, and will share photos of them when we get them. Bottom line: Kickstarter orders will begin shipping between late November and early December, and will be shipped in the order of backing. We regret these delays, and we are doing all we can, regardless of cost, to ship as soon as possible. We will have all the orders with kits and extras ready when the Digisparks arrive, allowing us to ship as quickly as possible. Once we begin shipping the order status pages will allow you to check where your order is in the shipping queue. Kit Revisions We have revised the MOSFET and Boost kits to use screw terminals for their external connections like the Relay kits, we think this makes them much easier to use then headers. All Kickstarter orders for these kits have been upgraded at no cost. We have revised the Infrared Kit to have a spot on the board for an IR LED and resistor (which are not included in the kit), so that they can be easily added to both transmit and receive IR signals. The kit will include the same parts as before - headers, board, IR receiver resistor, and capacitor. Other News We've been working hard at Arduino integration (nearly complete), updating libraries and writing new ones - ensuring they work with the Digispark, and writing tutorials and examples for the kits. Between packing thousands of kits, writing tutorials and examples, and cutting thousands of cases we've also been working on some new shields and other products for our online store - which will open once all Kickstarter orders have shipped. A few shields we have in the works: Coin cell shield, Temperature shield, Clock shield, and the Digispark Arduino Utility shield (allowing you to use Digispark shields on an arduino and reprogram Digisparks with an arduino). We are also in the early stages of development on the Digispark Pro (pin for pin arduino compatible) and the Digispark Extreme (32bit). To get notified of our new products you can sign up for our mailing list here: <url>#pro Pictures: Test Jigs, Kits, and More It has been a long week for us at Digistump, so rather than ramble on and on, we leave you with some behind the scenes images. Thank you all for your support and patience! As always, please feel free to email us with any questions - support at digistump dot com We'll put out another update when we receive the production samples. A test jig ready to go to the factory! Side detail on the test jig: The top acrylic plate ensures the pogo pins on the jig line up with the Digispark being tested. The red LEDs light if a pin is not working properly, each one corresponds to an i/o pin on the Digispark. Bottom plates to keep the jigs from shorting on a metal surface - the copyright is for the jig only, the Digispark remains completely open source. All ready for the factory! The tower of test jigs! These took about 30 hours to build. RGB kit parts (final board will be black) - practicing for making the kit tutorials. Notice the nice diffused LED! An RGB kit on a Digispark! The diffused LEDs do a great job of mixing the colors! A boost kit, assembled for final testing. Several kits assembled for final testing, with some Digisparks! About 1,200 LCD kits - headers, cable, board, and resistors. LCD screens are packaged separately. One of many boxes of LCD screens. 30,000 3 pin female headers. 6,500 Diffused RGB LEDs - there are about 50-100 more boxes of parts for kits, literally a large room full, all in various states of being stuffed into small bags and sorted for shipping. That's all for now, we hope everyone has a good weekend, and we'll bring you more as we have it! Thank you! Note: If you rather not receive an email each time we make an update - go to the "Me" menu on kickstarter -&gt; Edit Settings -&gt; Notifications and un-check this project. We will send out updates as frequently as we have new information to share, this is what most backers have requested, but we don't want anyone to feel like they are getting spammed with our updates either! Reminders! If you have not filled out the kickstarter survey with your Name, Address, and Email Address - please do so! If you have not filled it out by the end of this week your order will go to the back of the queue, because we can not begin to process your order until you do that. If you did fill out the survey but have not received the "Action Required" email - let us know (support at digistump dot com)! This email contains your order status link, which will allow you to re-enter your extras. If you paid for extras and have not re-entered them by the end of the week your order will go to the back of the queue, because we can not begin to process your order until you do that. If you received the "Action Required" email and did not order/pay for any extras - you're all set! If you received the "Action Required" email and paid for extras as part of your pledge but did not re-enter them after receiving that email please do so now. If you do not re-enter them by the end of the week your order will go to the back of the queue, because we can not begin to process your order until you do that. If you received the "Action Required" email and paid for extras as part of your pledge and have re-entered your extras, you're all set - thank you! You can confirm this by going to your order status link from that email. If you are presented with a list of items you ordered under the heading "Your order will contain the following items:" you're all set and that list is exactly what we will ship to you, nothing more, nothing less. As always feel free to email us with any questions about your order (support at digistump dot com) - thanks! Timeline Update Our parts orders are in, right before we got them in someone ordered nearly all the ATTINY85s in North America - but we got creative with sourcing them (they are still coming from Atmel certified sellers) and paid a bit more for production to ensure we can still start shipping in November. Our final order quantity was 30,000 units (about 6,000 more than we need for kickstarter orders, the original goal order was 500!) - due to the size of the order, even after paying a bit more for a faster turn time, production will take a few more weeks then we originally thought. What does that mean? It means we should have them in our hands mid-November and we'll start shipping right away and ship them out as fast as we can! The one sacrifice we had to make was on board colors - we ended up with black soldermask with white silkscreen, matching the shields. The Kickstarter boards will still have a special silkscreen with a url going to a list of all backers, but will not be white soldermask with green silkscreen. We felt this change was worth ensuring we can ship in a timely manner. The LEDs will be green, that was the only color we were able to source in sufficient quantity at the right forward current. Once we start shipping we'll be able to project when your shipment will go out and we'll let you know how many orders are ahead of you, you'll be able to see all of that on your order status page once we start shipping. We'll ship in roughly this order (we reserve the right to change it for efficiency as we go): Early adopters first. Everyone who paid, filled out the survey, and confirmed their order in a timely manner (pretty much everyone) - these will be filled in the order of pledges except that we'll group together international and US orders (i.e. the next 500 US orders one day, the next 500 international the next day). Anyone who has yet to confirm their order and non Kickstarter pre-orders. We'll keep everyone updated on the production. In addition we've ordered nearly all the parts for the kits, just waiting on a few responses for a few parts orders. Shield PCBs will be ordered in a few weeks as they only take about a week. We'll start cutting cases as soon as we get them right, likely in a few weeks. Now for some photos and more general updates: The Laser Cutter has arrived! There it is - the laser cutter for cutting the cases. We got our laser cutter (from Full Spectrum Laser ) and we are very pleased. We still need to fine tune the alignment of the mirrors before we start cutting some more case prototypes, we'll get to that next week. Breadboard Compatible! Here is a shot of one of the final board prototypes (the production one will be a different color of course) plugged into a breadboard - we just wanted to show everyone that the final design is compatible with breadboards as promised. Test Jigs! Here is a shot of one of the final test jigs - it piggybacks on an Arduino (or a Seeeduino in this picture) - this one hasn't had the components soldered on yet, we'll be doing that this weekend. It will use pogo pins for the test bed and test each i/o line. The LEDs to the left will show which i/o line caused the failure if a board fails the tests. When I have a chance I'll give more details on how it all works. Final Shield PCB Prototypes From left to right: Top row: SMT Proto, RGB, LCD, MOSFET, RFM12B Middle: Breakout A, Breakout B, EEPROM, Relay, Port Expander Bottom: Motor, Thru Hole Proto, Boost, Infrared, Charlieplex We received the final shield prototypes and everything is looking good. The production run will be in black on white, and we have a few silkscreens to clean up (like on the charlieplex shield). We used a semi-local PCB house for these and the test jigs - Bay Area Circuits . Specifically their Golden Gate Special offering - which is pretty unique in that we were able to run all of these designs on a single panel for $300 and the quality and turn time was guaranteed. We'll be using their service for future prototype runs quite frequently! If you can manage to use over 300 sq in of PCB - check them out - their customer service is as awesome as well! MicroSD Shield PCB Giveaway We ran some prototype MicroSD shield PCBs in our last panel, and we're going to give away 20 of them. These are untested, but we believe they'll work, since we won't be testing them until after Kickstarter orders ship we make no guarantees of anything and so we are just going to give some away! We'll sell the PCBs after we have a chance to test them well, and we'll release the board layouts as well. To enter to get an untested MicroSD PCB added to your order you must fill out the form here: This drawing has closed - the 20 people selected will receive a shield in their order. by Sept 27th 9pm Pacific Time with your Name, Email, and Order ID - you can find your Order ID on the order status page, which you can get to from the link in the email we sent to confirm your order. The Order ID is listed at the top of the page . We'll randomly select 20 entries to receive them and you'll know you got one if it shows up in your order! Legal Stuff: One entry per backer. Contest void where prohibited by law. Stickers are here! There they are! Each order will get one or two of each, and we'll do our best to throw in extras for big/group orders. Thanks again to John Mars for the artwork! RGB Nightlight! Finally - Here is a little quick project we made with an RGB shield and one of the prototype cases - excuse the tissue over the LED, it is just to diffuse the colors further. We are doing our best to ensure the kits come with diffused LEDs. The Digispark is being powered by a USB wall adapter - our favorite way to power them! Once again - thank you all, as always feel free to email us with any questions about your order (support at digistump dot com) - thanks! I apologize for the second update in a row, but I wanted to clarify our last update and send some reminders as well: If you have not received the Kickstarter Survey asking for your mailing address for this project: Please check your payment status. These are sent by Kickstarter to anyone who's payment has been processed. If you have been asked, via email or on Kickstarter to enter your mailing address, email, and whether you'd like to join our mailing list then you have filled this out already. If your kickstarter payment has not cleared and you have not received the survey - you have about 11 days to fix your payment before kickstarter removes you as a backer. There are about 1000 people who's payment has not cleared, so if you have not received the survey please check on this. If you have filled out the kickstarter survey but have not received the email with the subject: " ACTION REQUIRED: Please confirm your Digispark "Kickstarter rewards" order." Then please check your spam folder and then send us an email at support at digistump dot com - with your name as entered on your survey/kickstarter account. We will resend the email to you. If you have filled out the kickstarter survey, received the email with the subject: "ACTION REQUIRED: Please confirm your Digispark "Kickstarter rewards" order." And followed those instructions to re-enter/confirm your order: You're all set - thank you for re-entering/confirming your order! You will NOT receive a confirmation email after that, you can confirm your order with the link in that email at any time. If you received this but did not ever order/add any extras - no action is required, but you can still use the link in the email to confirm your order and add extras. If you have got that email but have not re-entered/confirmed your order - please do so! You have until Monday the 17th to confirm your order/add extras. More information on why the original personal backer pages do not work: <url>" x 2" full color and we'll put at least one in each order (more for bigger orders). Here is the sticker design we've selected, designed by backer John Mars (with ideas from +1 Bard): What's the 250k goal? - we have no idea! If we get there we'll come up with something, but for now our focus is on narrowing down our production partner and getting these manufactured! Cases Update - Engraving, more parts, in house production! We've sent a panel of acrylic case parts off for cutting for prototypes - and we were able to squeeze some extra parts in, so the case kit will get you well over enough parts to make 4 cases, maybe even 5, or at least a bunch of options for how you make them! We have also decided to add some engraving to a few of the case panels (they'll be plenty of panels to choose from if you don't want any engraving on your case). We'll be engraving "Digispark" and "Kickstarter Special Edition" on some of the green panels. Remember the green cases and engraving will be exclusive to this kickstarter - so if you want them, get them now! Here is a rough preview of what will be engraved on some of the panels - again thanks to John Mars for the logo: In an effort to bring you the best possible cases we can we have decided to make them in house and will be using a laser cutter from Full Spectrum Laser a fellow Kickstarter company! Check out their awesome project for their US assembled laser cutters: <url>µ capacitor, and a 0.1µ capacitor. It will use 5 pins (leaving 1). Price: $2.50 EEPROM Shield Kit (includes all parts) This kit will connect one I2C EEPROM (included) to the Digispark to provide additional memory for data logging, etc. Price: $4.00 I2C Port Expander Shield Kit (includes all parts) This shield will use two i/o lines to provide 8 more i/o lines using the I2C bus, several of these can be stacked (with stackable headers sold separately) to provide additional i/o. Solder-able/cut-able jumpers allow the I2C address to be changed. Price: $6.00 As always these additions have been added to the main shield update ( <url>#pro Thanks again everyone! Help us get the work out and lets push for a grand last few weeks! Tweet about us: Click here for a sample tweet Follow us on twitter Like the project page on Facebook (press the like button under the project video) Up our project on Reddit , share it on your favorite electronics forums, etc. Tell your friends! Tell your favorite blogs! Thank you all for your wonderful support! We've made it past the 100k stretch goal, and as promised the RGB kit has been lowered to $1 each! The personal backer page has been updated to reflect the new price. Check us out on Engadget: <url>"Manage your pledge" on the project page and increasing your pledge amount. All extras and shipping must be paid for in your pledge and will not be collected separately. Thanks and keep spreading the word so we can bring you the stretch goal discounts! -Erik Kettenburg Update: Aug 24th - 4 new kits and stackable headers! You asked for it and we've delivered - in the next hour or so you will receive a kickstarter message with a link to your personal backer page, where you can state which extras you'd like to add to your order and it will calculate the proper pledge amount. Of course, you can change your preferences up until the end of the project - but please keep them updated to help us estimate demand. NOTE: New backers will get their personal backer link within about an hour of backing. All extras ship free with any reward level. A community forum is here - please join and start contributing your project ideas: <url>µ capacitor, and a 0.1µ capacitor. It will use 5 pins (leaving 1). Price: $2.50 Cases! - added 8/27 We're going to do a special run of acrylic laser cut case parts. These will be tab and hole parts that anyone can assemble permanently with just a bit of glue (CA, super glue, epoxy, etc). We don't have any prototypes to show you, because we are waiting for them ourselves, but we likely will be getting them a few days after this project funds - so we are offering them now! Price: $10 a set Here is what you'll get: Enough laser cut acrylic case parts for 4+ cases. At minimum these parts will allow you to make: one small Digispark sized case, one Digispark with RGB shield sized case (with cutout for LED), one protoboard/standard sized shield case, and one larger case for use with larger shields such as the charlieplexed LED shield. Likely the parts will be half clear and half exclusive green! So you will be able to make two cases in each color. The image shows some of the case part drawings and the acrylic colors (the shade of green may change, the other is clear). Stackable Headers - added 8/24 One set of stackable headers (one 3 pin and one 6 pin) Note: Shield kits, shield PCBs, and Digisparks all come with standard headers. Price: $1.50 a set Extra Digisparks You can add extra Digisparks to your order for $8, this is to add just a few, if you want many more please up your reward level. Price: $8 each Priority Mail US backers can have their order shipped priority by adding $5 to their pledge (otherwise they'll ship first class). All orders over $205 will ship priority regardless. Design Updates Check out the latest design revision - about to be sent of to the PCB fab for prototypes: Breadboard Compatible: The 5V, GND, and VIN pins have been moved so that you can plug the Digispark directly into a breadboard and have the 5V and GND pins plug into the breadboard power bus. To do this you'll need to leave off the VIN header pin. Cut LED Traces for Lower Power: The LED traces can now be easily cut for lower power consumption, just cut them with an "exacto" type knife in the white box next to the two LEDs. Removable USB connector: We won't be making the connector perforated, it is impractical from a production standpoint. But you can still shear it off with a paper cutter or score it with a knife and break it off, no important traces cross the connector. We tried it and it worked great! The CE mark will be on the main board, so you'll still have that present. Shield Ideas: I'm sure we'll produce more shields once we get everything shipped, but for now we won't be adding any more, we've run out of time to add more to production. The Wireless inventors shield may be offered by the manufacturer or by us separate from this kickstarter. Not going to be made (yet): Transistor shield - very easy to build on a proto shield RFID - ran out of time - will try to make this soon, but we suggest hooking up an I2C RFID chip like this - should be very easy to do: <url>