All Prototype invites have been submitted to Desura! You should receive an email from them shortly if you pledged for a Prototype. If you do not receive an invite email and did pledge for the Prototype, let me know via email immediately and I will fix this. From here on in, the Dysis Forum ( forum.dysis.net ) will be the best place to discuss anything and everything about Dysis. For bugs, technical issues and general discussion, go there! There are instructions with your invitation email, however to be clear, I recommend you download Dysis in the standalone installer (for all OSs) as it is the most up to date at this time. All the best from me and the rest of the One Dimension Games team! -Chris Hello everyone! It's the end of December, and Dysis has been submitted for verification on Desura. Unfortunately that process took longer than I anticipated (I just got the first build of Dysis submitted to Desura last night), so it looks like we will be a couple days late with the launch - sorry about that! Don't worry though, I'm taking that time to search out bugs and get gameplay more polished. To coincide with the Prototype Launch, I've got a new team member who will managing some brand new forums, a wiki for details on Dysis, our re-vamped development blog, and the Dysis facebook page (to help spread Dysis to new people)! Dysis now has forums available from the Dysis.net front page and forum.dysis.net . Visit these to join the Dysis community, Prototype related things, bugs, support, and much more! This will be the best place to get support if you are having issues (and check to see if those issues are known and being fixed). The Dysis wiki is going to be full of Dysis info - right now it is restricted to in-house editing, so you can be assured that all information going up is valid and true(ish). The wiki will hold information on units, buildings, materials, terrain, a back story, and everything else. It will also include a change log for each version of Dysis as it is updated, that way you can keep track of the work I do each week and see the bugs you have disappear. The wiki is located at: wiki.dysis.net The Dev Blog has been revamped (and actually moved), as my previous development blog only supported a single user (short sighted on my part). All of the posts have been transferred over, and now you should expect more regular updates on the blog - both coinciding with updates, as well as any new stuff I put into the game as I make it. You can still reach it from the Dysis.net main page and tumblr.dysis.net Dysis on Facebook We've posted Dysis on Facebook to make sharing it with friends even easier: <url>