Hello! First of all, we’d like to say thank you. You were the first to put your faith in a new way to discover, enjoy, and engage with art in our homes. You helped us build a community that is now thousands strong, representing artists and art fans in over 30 countries. You’ve shared over 30,000 artworks, created over 5,000 playlists, and explored new works from 200 artists made specifically for the platform. Today, the EO platform is evolving to make the experience of discovering art simpler, more human, and more personal. With an all-new discovery service, and major upgrades to our software and hardware, there has never been a better way to bring art into your home. Meet EO2 Art looks beautiful on EO2. It’s the best display we’ve ever built. It picks up right where EO1 left off, with hardware and design improvements at every turn. What’s different? At less than 1” thick, it’s 50% thinner than EO1 Sleek anodized aluminum finish Make EO2 your own with maple, walnut, black or white hardwood frames Twice as fast, thanks to a zippy 5GHz WiFi antenna Welcome to Art Club Art Club is a new service designed to fuel your curiosity—think of it as your personal curator. The subscription includes access to: Classics from the world’s greatest museums Contemporary art made specifically for Electric Objects Collections curated by EO and our partners. As one of our earliest supporters, you’ll get an entire year of the new subscription completely free. A $120 value, no action required. We think EO2 and Art Club are the best way to discover and enjoy art in your home. We can’t thank you enough for your support, your enthusiasm, and your consistent evangelism. We’re so glad to have you as part of the EO community, and we hope you’ll continue on this journey with us! Thanks, Jake We’re delighted to announce that starting today you can buy EO1, and bring 10,000+ works of art into your home, for just $299 . Access to the world’s great art shouldn’t be limited to the lucky few who can afford to attend art fairs where price point start at about $1,000. At Electric Objects, our mission is to use today’s technology to bring the world’s greatest art into every home. An important part of this mission is a commitment to creating an accessible and affordable experience. With that in mind, and after months of supply chain and manufacturing improvements, we’re pleased to offer the same great product that thousands have come to love, at a new low price of $299 . Have questions or feedback? Email us at <email>. We'd love to hear from you. - The Electric Objects Team This December we’re bringing to New York City the first incarnation of the Electric Objects Showroom , a space in the heart of Soho dedicated to showcasing new works from an amazing group of artists. The Electric Objects Showroom will include collections from artists like Björk, Ai Weiwei, Zach Gage, YACHT, Sabrina Ratte, and lots of others. Electric Objects Showroom Opening Reception: Friday, December 11, 2015 6:30 - 9:00PM 72 Spring St. NY, NY RSVP Here It will be a great opportunity to check out new works of digital art, experience the EO1 for yourself, and — should you be so inclined — bring some digital art home. Visitors to the Showroom will also get exclusive access to a limited edition handmade wooden frame for EO1. And while you’re hanging out downtown, be sure to check out Electric Objects at the New Museum Store , where EO1 will be installed in the window display through the New Year. Hello! Today we’re pleased to introduce Electric Objects 2.0 , the first major update to our iOS and Android applications. This release includes a ton of speed and design improvements, but the biggest and most important change is that you can now follow other people in the Electric Objects community, and see the art that they’re displaying in their homes right now. Read more about the thinking behind the release on our blog . These past few months, most of our product developments efforts have been behind the scenes, and thanks to the hard work of Kyri, Greg, Lisa and Rob, the Electric Objects experience is about 5x faster than it was at launch. This is our first major feature release, and the first of two big changes that we have planned for the holiday season. We'll be back soon with more new features to share! We hope you enjoy it. Hit us up any time with thoughts, suggestions, or just say to hi at <email>. Thanks, Team Electric Objects p.s. If you'd rather not let other people follow you, you can set your account to Private in Settings. Hi Everyone! We couldn't be happier to report that the very last EO1s for Kickstarter backers are out the door and on their way! As thousands of EO1s come online all over the world, it has been thrilling to hear all of your stories and feedback . This feels like an important milestone for Electric Objects. We came to you with a dream for a new way to experience computing, one that lived up to the enormous creative potential of the web. You took a real chance on us, put real money on the line, and helped support us in countless other tangible and intangible ways. This past year we brought together a team of people who care deeply about the project, and partnered with artists and organizations who believe that art and computing can make our lives richer. It's an emotional moment for the team here at Electric Objects. In some ways it feels like the end, but in more ways it feels like just the beginning. The beginning of a long slow journey to fill our homes, our walls, and the world with digital art. &lt;3 Team Electric Objects Jake, Zoë, Bill, Luke, Greg, Lisa, Rob, Kyri, Alex and Emily. p.s. Everyone should have received a shipment notification by now. If you haven't a) you will get it very soon or b) you still owe us your shipping address. Email us at <email> with any questions. Electric Objects began as an experiment in computing, a screen dedicated to displaying art from the Internet in the home. We asked: can we build a computer that doesn’t demand our attention? Can we build an operating system whose software doesn’t crave every iota of our brain-space? Can we build an experience that fits the most precious and personal space in our lives, a space that we define in order to better define ourselves. It was late 2013 that we first wrote down these questions (though we were by no means the first to do so), and a little over a year ago that we made public the product we had built in attempt to answer them. And it was thanks to you all that we were able to bring that product into the world. One by Rick Silva, from Oregon Oriented Ontology . The last year has been nothing short of remarkable. Electric Objects was met with a fervor, for the product yes, but also for the movement that it seemed to represent: the idea that we aren’t done discovering what computers can add to our lives, that we’ve only just scratched the surface of what computing can offer, that we can build machines that fit the human environment. But Electric Objects has never really been all about hardware. It’s a community of like-minded artists, organizations, and art fans coming together in celebration of Internet culture. Those of us who believe there’s another way to enjoy the Internet, one worthy of the walls in our home. Today, with the release of Art Club, we’re making that clear. Learn more about Art Club, and check out the collections here! And for those interested in the latest shipment update, check out Tuesday's update here . Hi All — A few backers have asked for a quick update on shipping progress. Our factory is now working Monday through Saturday, producing 500 EO1s per week. 2-3 days after production they arrive at our fulfillment center in California for shipment out to Kickstarter backers. As of yesterday, we have about 1,000 more EO1s to ship to Kickstarter backers. We're aiming to wrap production by the end of next week. From there it'll take a few more days to fulfill the last batch of backer rewards. We're super excited to see EO1 arrive in the homes of backers all over the world, and we really appreciate the patience from those of you who have yet to receive yours. We're almost there! Thanks for all the kind words in the comments and on the Twitters. Please send more photos of your EO1s up and running! We love seeing them. And don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email>. Jake Hey Everyone, Thanks for your patience these last couple of weeks. We wanted to provide a quick update on our production and shipping timeline. We shipped the first few hundred EO1s, then ran into some issues with inventory. Some of the plastics and PCBs did not meet our specifications when they arrived at our factory for assembly, so we've spent the last week going back and forth with our suppliers getting them to commit to a schedule for replacement components. The delay was unfortunate, but we have no tolerance for anything but a pristine product experience, and we’re confident that our high expectations will pay off the moment you unbox your EO1. The good news is that we are now back up and running. Special thanks to the heroic efforts of Bill, Kyri, and Kevin, who have spent their days and nights down in the factory in Mexico getting us back on track. We have final confirmation on timing from our suppliers, so I can provide you with an updated shipping calendar. Starting next week, 500 EO1s will ship each week, with the last batch going out the first week of August. You'll receive a shipment notification with tracking information when your EO1 ships. As always, don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions. We can't wait for all of your EO1s to arrive. It's so exciting to see new people come into the community every day. We also have some exciting news to share in the next week or two, so stay tuned. We’re eager to hear your feedback on the Electric Objects experience. When your EO1 arrives, let us know what you think in the comments, or via email at <email>! Best, Jake, Kyri, Bill, Zoë, Kevin, Lisa, Rob, Alex, Greg, Saarim, and Luke Hi Everyone, We're happy to report that shipping notifications have gone out to the first batch of Kickstarter backers! Our factory is ramping up to a solid pace of 500 units per week, and we expect to complete shipping within the next 5 weeks. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 has shipped. --- Visit us in Brooklyn for a Private Preview! Next week, we're showing off EO1 and premiering the work from our latest Kickstarter campaign, The $5 Commission in Brooklyn! If you're in the area, we hope you can join us for this special private preview. The $5 Commission features new and original work from Addie Wagenknecht, Casey Reas, James George, and Lauren McCarthy. The details: Tuesday, June 16th 6:30-9:00pm Kickstarter HQ @ 58 Kent St in Brooklyn, NY (between Franklin &amp; West streets) Space is limited, so please RSVP --- From the Factory Floor We thought we'd also use this opportunity to share some photos from the factory floor. Yesterday we visited our friends at Refactory in Brooklyn, who are manufacturing our ambient light sensors and capacitive touch buttons. They work out of an old factory in Gowanus, and we're so thrilled to be able to work with a team this good (and this nearby). Here's how are ambient light sensor PCBs (printed circuit boards) arrive from the PCB manufacturer in Asia. They arrive on groups of 10 boards: Each group is then passed through a "pick and place" machine, that rapidly places the required components on each board: The boards then go through a long oven (maybe 15-20 feet long), where the components are sealed to the board. They come out the other side, with all the required components, ready to be shipped to our integrator in Mexico: Speaking of our integrator, Bill and Kyri were down in Mexico for most of last week overseeing our assembly process. Here's how the metals and computer get attached to the display: The EO1 wall mount with accompanying screws and (critically) stickers: EO1 at the tail end of assembly, in final cleaning: We couldn't be more excited to get EO1 into your hands. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 has shipped. As always, please get in touch with any questions at <email>. Jake Quick update from the front lines: The final component for EO1 (the computers that power EO1) are being produced in Arizona as we speak! Bill, Kyri, and I are flying out to Mexico on Monday to kick off assembly, and are planning to ship our first batch of EO1s to customers early the following week. We'll scale up to 500 EO1s per week by June 15th, and ship out each batch on a weekly basis. Read our prior post for more detail on the manufacturing process. You'll receive an email notification when your EO1 ships. Thanks as always for your patience. We can't wait for you to experience Electric Objects! As always, don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email> . Jake Hello Backers! tl;dr — We're happy to report that production and shipping will kick off in the last week of May! It will take 4-6 weeks to assemble and ship thousands of EO1s to all of you. You'll receive an email with tracking information when your EO1 ships! We'll keep you updated as we go, and as always, reach out at any time with questions to <email>. For those of you interested in learning a bit more about our production process, read on! Bill (who leads hardware here at Electric Objects) has returned victorious from his most recent trip to Shenzen, China, working closely with our manufacturing partners to ensure that our plastics and metals are up to our standards. Here's a shot of the 800-ton injection molding machine that forms the main housing for EO1: This video shows the progressive metal stamping operation for the EMI shield that houses the main computer inside EO1: Shipping thousands of EO1s all over the world is no easy feat, but after our successful Beta run , we feel confident in our ability to pull it off in a timely manner, with few surprises. At the risk of TMI , here's a quick overview of what the next few weeks look like for us, and a status update down to the component level. Steps to Production 1. Build components 2. Ship components to integrator in Mexico 3. Assemble components into finished EO1s (200 units / day) 4. Send EO1s to fulfillment house 5. Ship EO1s to you! The Major Components The Screen: Our lovely high definition panels have already arrived at our integrator in Mexico. The Computer: Production is underway for our PCBs (the computer that powers EO1), which will be in Mexico by the third week in May. They're made in Arizona, so they don't have far to go. Plastics and Metals: Our plastics and metals are arriving in waves. They're big and heavy, and should really be sent from Asia on a boat, which takes about a month. We're making an exception and sending some of these from Asia via airplane (much more expensive, but faster), so we can begin production as soon as possible. Shipment Schedule Bill, Kyri, and I will be heading to Mexico to oversee production in the third week of May, and we'll begin shipping the week following. Assembling and shipping thousands of EO1s will take approximately 4-6 weeks. You'll receive an email with tracking information when your EO1 ships! We'll keep you updated as we go, and as always, reach out at any time with questions to <email>. Jake, Zoë, Bill, Luke, Kyri, Lisa, Rob and Alex At the launch of the Kickstarter campaign, we teamed up with Brooklyn-based woodworker Annie Raso to produce a handmade wooden frame for EO1. (The first 50 frames sold out in minutes, so we quickly went back to Annie to try and convince her to make more!) Annie is a super talented artist, and we’re so lucky that she agreed to be a part of the campaign. As Annie nears the end of her build, we thought it might be interesting to share a bit about how the frames are made. Learn more about Annie's process, in her own words, below! I am a Brooklyn-based freelance artist and woodworker who was introduced to the Electric Objects team through mutual friends. I don’t normally do large-scale production work and was about to turn down this job, but I changed my mind after learning more about Electric Objects’ mission and product. This is a product that can revolutionize the way we interact with art and the internet, and they were asking me to frame it. I thought ‘a frame, with no glass or hardware? Sounds easy!’, but the process of creating custom frames for EO1 was much more complicated than I had anticipated. The journey has been exciting, nerve-wracking and a great learning experience all in one. The challenge was to craft a frame with a moulding profile that fit like a glove on the edge of EO1. It took months of planning and design work on both sides. Building 150 wooden frames from scratch meant making a large wood purchase, so I prototyped, checked and re-checked the dimensions, materials and tolerances before jumping in. I worked closely with Bill Cowles from Electric Objects to create the moulding profile, and together we designed a system for connecting the frame to the screen. In the end, we decided to use the magnets embedded in the screen border of the EO1 to fasten the frame to the device. We added thin steel plates to the inside of the frame, so it just snaps on and holds tight. No hardware, knobs, straps, or messing with the components. Just pop it on or off: clean and easy. In late March of 2015, 1,200 linear feet of custom cut black walnut moulding was delivered to my shop in Bushwick, Brooklyn. Sustainability is an important aspect of my work, and so much of the wood came from saved cut-off pieces from previous jobs from a millwork company. Although these look like simple frames — just 4 pieces of wood joined together, building them is an incredibly complex process. All told to produce 150 frames, it took 1,200 miters (45 degree cuts), 1,800 maple corner splines (the contrasting pieces of wood in the corners), and 450 sanding passes (3 per frame). At just over 3 weeks into the build, I am finally heading into the final step, and am ready to start sanding and finishing them with satin lacquer. Each one is unique and has interesting grain characteristics, which I hope you will enjoy as a warm compliment to your new EO1. The team at Electric Objects was kind enough to provide me with a shell of the EO1, so I could test every single frame to make sure it fit right, as quality and functionality are my top priorities. I hope you enjoy the photos of my process — it’s been a fun journey so far, and I’m so excited to see these beautiful frames in your home! We couldn’t be happier with the final product. For more, you can follow Annie on Instagram @annieraso to see the latest updates and photos of the frame-making process. We're pleased to announce our return to Kickstarter. We're partnering with four talented artists — Addie Wagenknecht, Casey Reas, James George, and Lauren McCarthy — to put together an art show about you! One pledge of just $5 gets you four works of art, each produced with your data. The show will be made available online and in your EO1 when it ships in May. The campaign will be live for just four days, so back it now to get in! The first EO1s have left the factory, and have arrived in our Beta backers' homes! While you patiently await your EO1, we wanted to offer you a glimpse of the experience, courtesy of your fellow Beta backers. First, the unboxing: (Check out this fantastic video by Jono Brandel, who recorded his unboxing!) Beta backer Tarwin Stroh-Spijer shows off one of Dina Kelberman's Nests in his apartment in California (we love this unique marble fireplace cover): Rich Greenfield shows off his EO1 Beta from New York City: Here's Danielle Strle's EO1 Beta, hanging in her (quite magical) home: Chris Fralic installed his EO1 Beta in what appears to be some kind of computer history museum. We're humbled by the company of our new friends. Our friends at Union Square Ventures showed off an original work, One by Rick Silva: And last but not least, from Graham Hicks, EO1 Beta next to a large piece of plastic toast in a bell jar. (We got the full story from Graham via Instagram: the toast comes from the restaurant supply district in Tokyo!) It's been so cool to get a glimpse inside of these (extremely well designed) homes — to see EO1, and the art made for it, make its way seamlessly onto the shelves and walls of over 100 Beta testers. Our Beta users are providing super helpful feedback, and we're working closely with them to make sure the experience is thoughtful and magical when it arrives on your doorsteps in a couple of months. EO1 Beta was built with the same supply chain and manufacturing partners as the "production" EO1s that will ship to the rest of our Kickstarter backers. We learned a lot from this first production run, and we remain confident in our plans to kick off shipping in May. Back next week with some exciting news... stay tuned! Jake p.s. For more shots of EO1 Beta in the wild, follow us on Instagram . Thanks to everyone who came to Ace Hotel New York last week for the opening reception of EO1 Beta Showcase ! It was awesome to meet more backers and to celebrate the first pieces of original work for Electric Objects. For the launch of EO1 Beta, we organized an exhibition featuring three new series of original artwork by a fantastic group of artists including David DeSandro , Dina Kelberman and Rick Silva . Ranging from David’s halftone portraits made with code, to Dina’s ever-so-slowly animated digital sculptures, to Rick’s high def computer generated 3D images, each series demonstrates what original art on EO1 can really do. And this is just the beginning. We’re working closely with artists to expand software support and improve performance, and we’re building out documentation for those those of you interested in making art for EO1. Keep an eye out for these updates in the near future. And don’t fret if you didn’t get the chance to come by for the opening reception. EO1 Beta Showcase is on view 24/7 in the lobby gallery at Ace Hotel New York for the whole month of March! If you’re in the area we hope you’ll stop by to check it out! Cheers, Zoë We're happy to announce that EO1 Beta will make its first public debut at the Ace Hotel New York on March 5th, and you're invited! For the month of March, Electric Objects is taking over the gallery space in the lobby of the Ace Hotel New York to show off EO1 Beta with some of the first original digital art created specifically for the EO platform. The show includes work by some of our favorite artists like David DeSandro , Dina Kelberman , and Rick Silva . If you're in town, please join us for the opening reception on March 5th at 6pm. RSVP now because space is limited! Jake and Zoë Hello backers! We’re back in NYC after a week with our assembly factory in Mexico, and I’m happy to report that we’ve started rolling out EO1 Beta to our first batch of Beta backers! The First EO1 Beta Ramping Up Assembly EO1 is made up of over 50 individual components — some custom, some “off-the-shelf” — and after months of development and planning, on Monday of this week every component had finally arrived at our integrator's facility in Mexico. In other words, we finally had everything we need to build the first EO1 Beta. On Tuesday we crossed the border by car and drove down to the facility that would be responsible for assembling EO1 Beta. Together with the factory owner and her core team of engineers, Bill, our Director of Hardware, assembled the first unit. He talked through each step, pausing to indicate the more challenging areas of assembly, and where test procedures should take place. Meanwhile, Kyri, our VP of Engineering, spent time with the software engineers, building a system that would ultimately allow them to load our custom operating system onto EO1 Beta at a rate of hundreds per week. The goal here is simple: build a repeatable and scalable process for assembling, testing, and shipping EO1 Beta to our Beta backers. Unboxing The First EO1 Beta Just this morning, our very first EO1 arrived at the office of our very first Beta backer. The team stopped by to study the first unboxing and setup experience. In the coming weeks, the remaining Beta backers will receive EO1 Beta. We'll keep you up to date on our progress as we continue to roll out batches of Beta units. Beta backers can expect to receive tracking information as their EO1 Beta ships. Thanks as always for your feedback, support, and patience! Don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions at <email> . Jake Our goal for Electric Objects, as a platform, is to enable a sustainable ecosystem that connects artists and developers with their fans, and that supports the creation of new work. That means fostering a culture and a community where collecting art and supporting art making in a digital environment feels natural. Last Saturday, we invited a handful of friends and artists to Electric Objects HQ in Manhattan. We talked hardware and software development, and debuted some early designs for our first exhibition and sale of original artwork. Most of the attendees are actively developing for the EO Platform, so it was a great opportunity to gather feedback on their experience so far, and their hopes for the future. The brunch kicked off with Kyri Sarantakos, our VP of Engineering, who provided a fantastic overview of our hardware and software platform — our custom computer and custom Android operating system. He and Lisa Neigut (a recent addition to the engineering team!) have spent the last few months wrestling Android into submission, and we’re starting to see orders of magnitude performance improvements in GIF and web-based artworks. He gave a glimpse into our progress to date, and shared our roadmap between now and when we ship to thousands of Kickstarter backers in May. Luke Chamberlin, our lead designer, and I then turned the group’s attention to some early designs for our store, where artists will exhibit and sell their work. We’re launching our first group show in February, for our 100 Beta backers, and this was a perfect moment to capture feedback from some of the artists participating. Feedback was wide-ranging, but some common themes and questions emerged. How can a work of art be seen as an opportunity for connection between fans and artists? How do you craft a story around a work of art — using design, images and text — that promotes that connection? We walked away with more questions than answers, but also a sense that we're heading in the right direction. It was a super rewarding afternoon, and we want to thank all of the artists, developers, and friends that came by to offer their feedback and advice. We’ll be back with an update on our Beta shipments soon! Zoë p.s. If you're an artist or developer, and interested in experimenting with the EO platform, send us your ideas to <email>. Hello Backers! Happy new year! We hope everyone had a great holiday season. We continue to make great progress towards EO1 production, and we remain on track to ship in May. Here's a quick update on Bill's visit to China, the arrival of our first set of samples in NYC, and our plans for the coming weeks! Bill’s Trip To China EO1 is made up of over 50 distinct components. Some are large (the display panel) and some are small (an 1/8" screw). Some components we designed ourselves (our main plastic housing) and some are “off the shelf” (our WiFi and Bluetooth antenna). The “off the shelf” components are sourced and purchased, and the custom components are developed in partnership with contract manufacturers (CMs). Our CM partners and vendors are spread out all over the world — from New Jersey to Arizona, Korea and China. Some of our most critical components, including the main plastic housing and metals, will be manufactured in Shenzen, China, where Bill spent the first week of 2015. Bill’s visit coincided with the production of the first round of samples. His job was to review and provide feedback on these sample parts, so that the CM could make any necessary changes to the mold or manufacturing process to improve their quality. There are always small tweaks to be made, but our hope was that any changes would be minimal, since any major re-working would threaten to impact our delivery schedule. At the end of a long week, and after 26 hours of travel, we were happy to hear some excellent news: the samples looked good! The tool that produced our first set of samples for the main plastic housing is above. If you look closely, you’ll notice the shape of the back of EO1. The Samples Arrive in NYC And just this morning, the second set of plastics samples arrived to our offices in NYC. We continue to be impressed by the work from our plastics and metals CM. They’ve incorporated Bill’s feedback from the last round of samples, and the plastics look gorgeous. They’re 10% glass, with a “soft touch finish” that gives them a really hefty, meaningful look and feel. This afternoon, Bill is going to assemble the very first, almost finished, EO1! So What’s Next? In the next few weeks, we’ll begin shipping EO1 Beta to our Beta backers. This is truly a Beta, in the sense that we’re testing our production, assembly, and fulfillment processes as much as the product itself. With that in mind, here’s the plan for the next few weeks: Custom boards (the computers) for EO1 Beta begin to arrive at our integration facility in Arizona on January 21st Plastics, metals, and packaging for EO1 Beta begin to arrive at our integration facility in Arizona on January 23rd Bill, Jacob, Kyri and I fly out to Arizona to work closely with our board CM and integrator CM Kyri and Jacob work with our integrators to design a system for uploading the latest version of our Operating System, and for serializing each device (so we know which computer belongs to which finished unit belongs to which customer) We assemble the first set of EO1 Beta units alongside our integrator, and document the process so that they can do it without us when we leave We package, print labels, affix labels, and ship the first 100 units to our Beta backers! Beta backers: we'll be in touch shortly with delivery details! Thanks for reading, and for your patience and support. As always, get in touch with any questions (or virtual fist bumps) at <email>. Jake Just a quick note from your friends at Electric Objects, wishing you a happy holiday season and New Year! In 2014: We launched a Kickstarter campaign that raised nearly $800,000, with the help of 2,246 backers from 43 countries . We partnered with the New York Public Library , to help breathe new life into their fantastic collection of historical maps and atlases. We grew from 1 person to a team of 9 talented engineers, designers, and curators. We partnered with over 30 amazing artists , who are producing original works of art for your home. We wrote 18 Kickstarter updates, walking you through our production timeline , sharing a bit about our manufacturing process , and talking with MIT Media Lab's Kevin Slavin about art, time, and the Internet . We were named to Time Magazine's 25 Best Inventions of 2014 . --- As we begin planning for 2015 and beyond, it has been helpful for us to return to our founding principles, the original intent behind the project: to build a device that lives up to the enormous creative potential of the Internet, that provides for a more contemplative computing experience. In 2015, Electric Objects will bring art from the Internet into thousands of homes all over the world. Thanks for helping us make that happen. See you in 2015! Jake + Team In our last manufacturing update, we talked about identifying partners who would help us design and manufacture the more than 50 individual components that make up EO1. I asked Bill to give us a more in depth look into what happens after that partner has been selected. What happens between 3D model and mass production? Jake -------- From Bill: A few weeks ago we started working with a plastics and metals manufacturer that will produce some of our key components in mass production (like the frame). Once selected, we quickly kicked off a process to reach a Design for Manufacturing (“DFM”), converting our mechanical drawings into designs ready for mass production. Getting to a DFM means working closely with our partners to refine their designs for “tooling”. Tooling is an expensive and critical part of the production process. It literally means creating a tool that will be used to produce, in large and consistent quantities, the components that make up EO1. We kick off the DFM process by sending 3D files of our parts to our manufacturing partner. Using these files, the partner then generates an initial Design for Manufacturing report. The report helps us evaluate how a part will perform while it’s being made. Every part of the product gets its own DFM, and every part is subject to a thorough review process. Together with our manufacturing partner, we revise the DFM with an eye to minimizing any artifacts of manufacturing that might be visible to our customers. We do our best to reduce the remnants of gate marks, ejector pins, and flash and witness lines. If you’ve ever seen a little plastic nub, or little useless raised lines of plastic, on the edge of a cheap plastic part, you know what we’re talking about. We’re also looking at how the parts are being cooled. We optimize the cooling process of the plastic, so that the part is cooled evenly, avoiding problems that could result in an inconsistent shape. Lastly, we’re interested in determining how many parts can this tool make “per shot.” Every time plastic is pressed into the tool, how many parts can we reliably produce? For example, every “shot” into this tool below will produce 4 power buttons for EO1 (the little bright green things in the center): And the image below shows a 3D representation of the tool that will be used to make our frame (it's 3 feet long)! We’re excited to share that these tools are being produced now, and we're on track to kick off the first production runs in January! Bill Will you be in Miami this weekend for Art Basel? Join us for a happy hour gathering this Saturday, December 6th from 6:00 to 8:00 pm. Meet the team and see EO1 in person. We'd love to meet you! Please RSVP Hope you can make it! Zoë Last week Bill, Kyri, Jacob and I took a trip to Phoenix, AZ to visit with a handful of partners responsible for getting EO1 built, assembled, and into your hands. Here's a glimpse into a fascinating and incredibly productive couple of days! The Electronics Our first stop was to our electronics partner, working on the mechanical and electrical design for our custom circuit board (the guts of the computer). We reviewed the work remaining ahead of their shipping the first batch of production prototypes, which we expect to receive in just a few weeks! Here's Bill reviewing a similar prototype board. Plastics and Paint Our next visit was to an injection molding contract manufacturer that we're considering for our plastics. Here's Bill and Jacob reviewing EO1 mechanical drawings with their team: The injection molding process with this manufacturer involves creating a mold that would be used to form the outer and inner frames for EO1. The mold might look something like this: Once the mold is made, and the first plastics come off of the production line, they'll be sent to a paint shop. Unfortunately, they wouldn't let us take photos inside the manufacturing facility, so you'll just have to imagine the robot painters we met. Integration The final step in the production process is "integration." The integration partner will take in all of our components, and assemble and ship the final product to you! We visited two integration facilities on our trip, both with experience testing and integrating display technologies. Here's an LED testing station currently running for one of their other clients: If this integrator is selected, EO1 will likely be assembled on these very tables! Packaging In the huge amount of work required to take a product from concept to production, it's easy to forget about (and under-fund) packaging; but it's important to remember that packaging is the first thing our backers (you!) will see when EO1 arrives. We toured a really impressive packaging manufacturer. The process is pretty similar to plastics manufacturing. First, a die is made according to the size and layout of the box: Then a huge flat rectangular piece of cardboard is passed on a conveyor under the die, and into a machine like the one below. As the die rolls over the cardboard, it creates creases and cuts, leaving our custom box to be formed and assembled. Finally, the manufacturer applies labels and prints our design (this one mixes their own colors)! We have some key decisions to make in the next couple of weeks, during which time we have to review and approve our custom board design, and select plastics and metals manufacturers, painters, and integrators. Our panels (which we ordered a couple of months ago) will be arriving in the US soon, and come January, we'll be ready for our first production run to beta backers. Thanks for your continued support, and as always, please don't hesitate to reach out with any questions or feedback! Thanks, Jake + Team Hi backers! We typically only use Updates for, you know, Updates, but we thought this was important enough to share. Our small team is growing! We have a lot of work to do between now and May, and would love your help getting the word out about a few roles that we're looking to fill. If any of these roles sound interesting to you, please get in touch at <email> Android Engineer — We’re looking for someone to lead the development of the EO1 Android-based operating system, in addition to a mobile Android app. You should have a few years of experience working with Android. You’ll work closely with the team building the integrated computer for EO1, to maximize graphics performance. Most of the work will be at the application layer, but you should have some comfort digging into the lower level stuff. We’re a small team, so it will be important for you to have a keen eye for user experience as well. Product Engineer — The person in this role will build the web and mobile web Rails applications that support the Electric Objects community and Store, where users will discover, share, buy and display artwork. You should have spent at least a few years working on websites, and ideally spent some time building community software. You’ve probably worked on side projects before. That’s what this is like, except all the time. We're open to contractors, but ideally people who will consider a transition to full time. iOS Engineer — Lead the development of the iPhone and iPad applications that help users discover, collect and display artwork on their EO1. We’re pretty sure that most people will control what appears on their EO1 with their phone, so this is a pretty important platform for us. We’re looking for someone with a few years of iOS development under their belt. We're open to contractors, but ideally people who will consider a transition to full time. Director of Manufacturing Operations - Responsible for coordinating all contract manufacturing activities for the company, and ensuring that quality and timing objectives are met. You should have high level experience coordinating domestic and overseas supplier shipping and logistics. You should have 10+ years of experience working with manufacturing in the electronics industry, ideally with several years of experience working with LCD panel integrated products. Experience with ISO, FCC, UL, NEMA and lean and six sigma certification are a plus. Get in touch at <email> Thanks, Jake A couple of months ago, Bill Cowles, who leads up our hardware development efforts, gave us a glimpse into the EO1 product development cycle . Since then, he’s made tremendous progress, and has hit some pretty important milestones. In August we ordered our first run of LCD panels, last month we signed on with a US-based designer and manufacturer for the custom computer, and we’re happy to report that production is on track for the January (beta) and May shipments! The production effort from here can be roughly split into four deliverables: sourcing the panel, building the computer, building the frame, and assembling the components. Read on for more detail on what's done and what's next! Selecting the LCD Panel After the successful funding of the Kickstarter campaign, our main concern was finding the best HD 23" LCD panel we could get our hands on, one that we could live with (and that would be supported and available) for years to come. It’s by far our longest lead time component, and has an obviously significant impact on the user experience, making it the most critical hardware requirement for EO1. In our search, we met with many manufacturing representatives and display panel manufacturers. In our final selection, we vetted for issues like burn-in, color reproduction, viewing angle, connectivity and consistency. Sourcing was no easy task because we also needed to ensure that we could connect (via a standard called LVDS ) to our custom board, which is also in development (see below). In other words, it meant hitting a moving target. Thanks to the heroic efforts of our hardware and software team and partners, I’m happy to report that on August 15th, we placed our first large order of display panels for the January beta backers! Building the Computer The next big item for us was defining the components for and finding the right partner to help us develop the custom computer or SBC (single board computer). We looked at a number of firms, with development and manufacturing facilities all over the world, but ultimately selected a US-based SBC development firm with local production in Arizona. This week, we’re reviewing schematics and making final component adjustments before SBC production begins. Working with a US-based company means tighter communication and more confidence that the right components are selected and actually placed in our product. We’ll take a few trips to Arizona in the coming months to visit the production line and ensure that everything is developing smoothly and according to spec. We've had a great working dialogue with our new partners so far and expect to see our first batch of custom SBCs in November. Designing and Building the Frame The mechanical and industrial design for the frame (about 13 plastic and metal parts) has all been done in-house. We’re designing the parts for low cost and high quality assembly (read more about DFA ). We’re paying very close attention to the number of parts that are required to go into the assembly, how the parts “mate” together and how to reduce time during assembly. For example, one early version of our design required flipping the parts over repeatedly during assembly, which not only adds additional time but also a chance of damage during the flipping process. When we started prototyping and documenting the exact assembly process, it was clear that a change was needed, and we adapted the design in order to assemble the units without flipping. The next steps for plastics and metals include producing the final 3D files, and going through a complete prototype build early next week. If everything checks out, we can begin reaching out to contract manufacturing vendors for quoting and then tooling — the first step in the frame manufacturing process! Selecting the Integrator All told, our BOM (bill of materials) includes the panel, the custom computer, about nine custom plastic parts, four custom metal parts, a few peripheral sensor PCBs and four or five cable assemblies and various connectivity hardware. So how does it all come together? Once we have all the components purchased or built, we’ll work with a specialized type of contract manufacturer called an integrator, who will assemble and ship the final production units. We’re currently evaluating several of these CMs, focusing on those that specialize in highly flexible assembly manufacturing with the ability to quickly setup and turn on production lines. Some integrators will also have experience in developing products with LCD panels, which is especially useful in our case, since they will be able to handle inspection and testing of the delicate display panels. It’s been a long road, and there’s much left to do, but I’m happy to report that so far so good, and we’re excited for our first beta ship in January! Today, we're officially launching our artist program with a weekly interview series featuring our participating artists! Check out our list of participating artists , and our first interview with Sabrina Ratté ! Zoë has done a phenomenal job bringing these artists together. This group of emerging artists is doing some of the most interesting work at the intersection of art and technology, and we're lucky to have them participating in our experiment. From Zoë Salditch, our Director of Artist Relations: EO1 is a computer made for art, but it would be just-another-device without a community of artists behind it. When we launched on Kickstarter in July, we announced a few participating artists who were willing to take a chance on us, to put their name next to something new. As the campaign grew, and word spread, we began to hear from hundreds of artists and developers interesting in exploring the boundaries of EO1. There are so many of you, it's still blowing my mind! So the hard part was not identifying capable artists; the hard part was figuring out who to work with first, and what shape that relationship should take - particularly since we haven't even finished building the darn thing! As I set out to build our artist program, there were a few key points that I tried to keep in mind: 1) Artists working with technology. EO1 is in its early stages of development and, like many platforms, we can’t possibly anticipate all that it’s capable of. It seemed clear to me that the best place to start was with artists who work with screen-based media, the Internet, and code, to push the boundaries and explore the contours of EO1's technology. 2) Willing to collaborate and experiment. Over the last few weeks, I've met with every participating artist (either IRL or via Skype) to speak with them about their projects, and to confirm with them that ours would be a collaborative and experimental relationship, with plenty of room for error, iteration, and exploration - not a hard commitment with a deadline. The emphasis on collaboration and experimentation is one reason why I chose to frame our initial outreach program as a "residency," rather than as a commission. This opportunity is about collaboration, about joining forces to make something we want to see in the world. 3) Nice people. You probably giggled at this one, but it’s worth including. Collaborating on a creative project is a complex, and very personal experience, so it's critical to be able to communicate respectfully with your collaborators. (Frankly, this should just be a rule for anyone you interact with in general.) 4) An inclusive environment. This last one is really important to us. It’s relatively well understood that women are underrepresented in both the art and technology communities. I don’t want to build, nor would I want to be a part of, a community that perpetuates that kind of imbalance. We’re focused on building a diverse and inclusive community from the beginning. When I look at our evolving list of participating artists, I can't help but get excited. This group of artists are going to shape how thousands of people (millions, one day?) will experience digital art in their homes - many for the first time. And I'm just thankful to be working with so many lovely and talented people to figure it all out, together. Keep an eye on this list , as we’ll be adding new artists regularly. Thanks to all the current and future participating artists for being rad, and thanks again to all the backers and everyone who supports us at EO. If you're one of our future participating artists, I'd love to hear about your work! You can reach me at <email> or say hi on Twitter . Your friend, Zoë Electric Objects is as much a software project as it is a hardware project. We're building a space for a community of artists and art fans to gather and exchange. To do that, we need to learn as much as we can about the people that make up that community: where they live, what they like, who they are, their relationship to art and the Internet, and their vision for Electric Objects. With that in mind, last week we asked you to tell us a little bit about yourselves. Today, we thought it would be interesting to share that data with all of you. Survey Results We started with a few questions about basic demographic details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ With this next set of questions, we tried to better understand your connection to the art world. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The question below is one of my favorites. It demonstrates a willingness and an interest in collecting digital work, but it's clear that the general response is: "show me, and then I'll tell you." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Survey respondents reported a relatively diverse range of experiences paying for visual art, with the median hovering around $300. This met our expectations. Electric Objects backers are people who are interested in supporting artists, and interested in investing in the look and feel of their homes. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This next question is a good reminder to us that the product will be defined as much by the community of users as it will by its builders. I expect (and hope!) that EO1 users will bend, break, and explore the outer bounds of this technology, and show us the product they want. We'll build it in such a way as to embrace that flexibility. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Thanks to those of you who took the time to answer these questions. We'll be back very soon with some additional updates, including an introduction to our first group of participating artists! Jake Hello! After the whirlwind Kickstarter campaign, we're working hard to get the beta units ready for our first ship date in January! In the meantime, we'd like to get to know you better! We made a short survey with a few questions about who you are, where you come from, and your experience with buying and enjoying art. I bet you can do it in 120 seconds. Take the EO Backer Survey! A quick update from the race to ship: Zoë is busy fielding hundreds (really, actually) of requests from artists who are interested in creating original work for EO1. We're shipping out 50 alpha units to artists within the month so they can begin experimenting. Bill is working closely with our design partners to build the custom computer we'll use for the beta units and in final production. And Jacob is working on the Android-based operating system for EO1, and getting the new web and mobile applications up and running. Thanks, and as always, don't hesitate to reach out with any questions! Jake Hello! At the end of a campaign that beat all expectations, I'm pleased to report that next year 2,255 EO1s will be delivered into the hands of 1,886 EO1 Backers (in addition to 86 T-Shirts and 233 High Fives ). In total, 2,246 Backers from 43 countries and 466 cities came together to make Electric Objects a reality. Map by Javier Arce via CartoDB We're overwhelmed and overjoyed by your support, and can't thank you enough for putting your voices and dollars on the line to make this thing happen. We'll be in touch regularly in the coming months with updates on our progress. Stay tuned! Jake GIF by Andrew Benson Hi Backers! It's been an incredible 29 days. We're so grateful for your support so far, and can't wait to get EO1 into your hands. In this last stretch, we'd like to ask you for one more favor: Share our Kickstarter campaign with just one person. Like anything on the Internet, Electric Objects gets better when more people use it. Artists will see it as a more compelling platform for connecting to their audience, and users will get to experience art alongside more friends and communities. The early Electric Objects community will define the experience of the product for every user that follows, and the quality and contour of that community are very much in your hands. We hope you'll help us build a great one. See you on the other side! Jake, Zoë, Jacob, Bill + Alex Hello! We were blown away by the response to the Artist in Residence program — over 300 artists applied! Look out for the selection announcement this week. After such an amazing response, we're excited to announce that we're teaming up with the wonderful folks at NYPL Labs to sponsor our next Artist in Residence! The New York Public Library Labs x Electric Objects Net Artist in Residence As the Library continues to digitize materials and open up new data sets, there is a dazzling range of digital historical content with which to play and make. For this residency, we're asking applicants to make use of materials from NYPL's Lionel Pincus and Princess Firyal Map Division. Participating artists will have access to: 20,000+ historical maps, atlases, and other geographic documents and/or 19th century city data (old NYC building footprints, addresses, residential &amp; business info) Artists will also receive a cash stipend, an EO1 developer kit, dedicated work space at the Library, and access to curators, librarians, and library technologists. Completed works will be hosted online by NYPL and exhibited on-site at 42nd Street powered by EO1. Read more about it or apply within! Thanks! Zoë Salditch p.s. Only 3 days left in the campaign! Please help us finish strong by spreading the word! Hello! There is a lot going on inside EO1, but if we're doing a good job, our hard work is mostly invisible to you as the end user, and all you'll ever see is the artwork you've chosen to display. Since EO1 is always connected to the internet, you can control and configure everything remotely and automatically; once you set it up, you'll never need to directly interact with it again. That said, a lot of developers and artists are eager to learn more about the software that powers EO1, so I asked Jacob Bijani (who leads software product development for Electric Objects) to share a bit more about what’s going on under the hood: The software inside EO1 is a stripped down web browser, powered by a customized version of Android. Every EO1 will always be running our latest software, automatically updating itself in the background. And since every EO1 is identical in size, orientation, and software stack, artists won't need to waste time addressing different browser and device incompatibilities. Our custom browser is built on top of the WebKit rendering engine, which powers Safari and Chrome. This gives artists flexibility to use tools and technology they're already familiar with. Since we're designing the software all the way down to the hardware, we also have the ability to move outside the web browser to take advantage of Android's more powerful native components. Animated GIFs perform poorly even in modern web browsers, so we've chosen to circumvent the browser entirely and instead use native rendering software optimized for our hardware. GIFs are great for artists because they're supported everywhere by default and don't require user interaction (hitting play), but after a certain size and length they become a real drag on the processor. Instead, we support more robust video formats like MP4 and WebM for longer pieces, and can add support for more formats through future software updates.(1) Because we’re building on top of WebKit, EO1 has excellent support for most modern Javascript frameworks like Three.js for powerful 3D WebGL, and Two.js and Paper.js for Canvas and SVG animations. When possible, we’ll build in native support for the most relevant frameworks. For example, we’re working closely with Casey Reas, the co-founder of the Processing drawing language, to launch with native support for Processing in EO1. The most exciting thing about EO1 being powered by a web browser is its ability to capture the inherently dynamic and generative nature of the web. I love seeing artwork that reacts to live streams of data. Some simple examples: a landscape that responds to your local weather, an abstract line drawing based on local traffic patterns, a portrait that changes colors or shading depending on the subject’s social stream. There are plenty of places to see raw information, it's exciting to consider new artistic possibilities for the data that surrounds and describes our lives, and I’m excited to work with our Artists in Residence on this kind of connected work.(2) There's still a lot of work left to do to make EO1 ready for production, but I'm incredibly excited by the response we’re seeing so far, and if the project sounds interesting to you, there are plenty of ways to help! We're looking for an Embedded Android Developer to own the software stack on EO1. We're working on things like elegant over-the-air software and OS updates, configuring WiFi over Bluetooth, and communicating commands securely over our WebSockets API, all without a keyboard or mouse! We're also looking for a Creative Director to help spec and design features for our onboard, mobile, and web apps, as well as packaging design, retail, and print collateral. We're actually making a real life thing that will live in real people’s real homes. It’s a unique and exciting design challenge. If the idea of ripping apart monitors and bringing prototype circuit boards home from work with you sounds fun, get in touch! <email> ------------------------ (1) Most web platforms are forced to add restrictive file size limits because they're serving the same file over and over. Since EO1 is only displaying one thing at a time on-demand, we can be more generous. Larger files can take awhile to download, but we'll take preemptive measures like starting to download artwork you've added to your collection before you first display it, and caching everything on the device as long as possible. We'll be responsible with this, and give you information on what and how much data EO1 is using. (2) From a technical perspective, dynamic artwork is the most complex for both us and artists. For example, the artwork will need to react gracefully to missing data and work offline. Kevin Slavin is an Assistant Professor at the MIT Media Lab. He is an artist, an entrepreneur, a friend, and an advisor and guiding hand behind Electric Objects. We sat down with him a couple of weeks ago, and asked him a few questions about art and the Internet. What followed was one of the most fascinating conversations I've had, so we thought we'd share it with you. I encourage you to watch the short video above, but we're also including the transcript below for you text people. What does the Internet offer artists? The internet offers artists a couple of things that they’ve never had before, in any obvious way, which is of course a total shift in a distribution model in terms of how their work reaches people. But the internet also offers artists the opportunity to have something that they’ve really never had before, which is an audience. As a painter, as a sculptor, as a printmaker or photographer, you would make work and you would sell it if you were lucky and then it would disappear from your life and then it’s left you. The idea that you can make work and it can move out into the world and you can have some sense of its travels through the world — I think for the any artist that’s an important and rewarding aspect of practice, and as soon as you have that, the idea of not having that anymore looks completely absurd. The idea that you would put something out into the world and then it’s just simply gone, as opposed to replicating and multiplying and being enjoyed, with some sense of the relationship between your work and the people who care for it — once you have that, you don’t ever want to take that away. Where do we find persistence and durability in digital artwork? Artists have worked with all kinds of technology basically from the moment there was something called technology. Artists who have worked with digital technologies have often faced the reality that we upgrade all the time, and that anything that they make that has digital qualities may be unusable in a year, or two, certainly in five years or ten years. Even light sculptures from Dan Flavin are no longer usable because nobody makes those lights anymore. So anybody who’s working with modes of technology that can be updated can also be sort of outdated, and the question is how to make work that has the persistent quality that art should have, something that endures, something that persists? Arguably, the best way to do that is to use the network itself, use the Internet itself, and say this is the thing that we know will only improve overtime, and just to make a window for that, rather than focusing on the specific qualities of the device, or the object — to say: the important part about all this is the network itself. What happens when the Internet enters the home? The thing that changes when you pull something off the internet and you bring it into the home or wherever it’s going to go is that you give it a persistent, contemplative quality. If you think about it, and you look at the history of art, what you see is that this is what artists try to do, and they’ve been trying to do it since the first moment they could. The idea when we look at a still life painting, that it just sort of seems like some weird archaic something-or-other from history, in fact what they were trying to do was stop time. What you see in every still life painting is a deliberate use of things that decompose quickly, whether that’s fresh fruit, or fish, or bread — things that actually are clearly going to disappear tomorrow, or be rotten tomorrow, and to freeze it for a moment in time. That’s why artists ran towards photography when it happened, and said: this is the thing that we can actually use to slow it down, to stop it, to actually allow us to see the things that are moving way too quickly in our world. The question now is what’s moving the fastest in the world? The things that are moving the fastest aren’t really moving the fastest in the physical world. They’re happening on the Internet. The Internet is the fastest set of forces that humans have ever been exposed to. The question is how do you slow that down? How do you actually allow somebody to spend the contemplative time with that? I think the reality is that any great work actually demands time, and the lives that we live and the devices that we’ve been given are really bad at accommodating that. The question is how do you make a device that actually speaks to that? How do you make a device that speaks to the contemplative demands of great work? The internet changes the shape of everything that it touches. How it’s incorporated itself into our homes has primarily been through things like thermostats and smoke alarms. I think it’s inevitable, and maybe even necessary, that it also effect the sense of the home and the world that lives inside each one of us when we’re in it. More about Kevin Slavin Hello backers! We're pleased to share that we hit another exciting milestone yesterday, crossing $500,000 with 16 days to go! With our goal behind us, development is already very much underway, and we could really use your help with a few important design decisions! This short survey includes just six questions, and should take no more than 30 seconds. We hope you'll take a moment to share your thoughts. Take the survey Thanks! Jake We've been really inspired by the response to the Kickstarter campaign from the artist community, and want to find a way to encourage experimentation with Electric Objects. EO1 might be an interesting combination of hardware and software, but it’s not much more than that without a strong community of artists and developers who see it as a compelling platform for creative expression, and a new way to connect with humans. So today we’re announcing the beta of our Artist in Residence program. This is an experiment, an exploration into the creative and distributive potential of a new platform. The purpose of this beta program is to encourage artists and developers to create work with EO1 in mind. Nothing that comes out of this program will be exclusive to EO1, we only ask that you consider it in your creative process, and think of it as a primary context for presentation. We’ll select 10 artists for this beta group. If it goes well, we’ll do it again! Questions? Email <email> . Selected artists will receive: EO Prototype Kit (approx. $400) $500 stipend Full rights to re-sell / re-share / re-display any work produced 1:1 time with Jacob Bijani, who leads the Electric Objects development team If you're interested, please apply today! Applications are due July 27th @ Midnight EST. Apply for the Artist in Residence program I'm pleased to report that we're now over $425,000 in contributions! We're thrilled with the progress so far, but really this is a testament to the Kickstarter community, and to a shared belief that the Internet offers more than our current devices can afford us. With our original goal far behind us, we're already getting started with the next phase of development for EO1. Designing and manufacturing and shipping hardware is a complicated, fraught process, and we're happy to have Bill Cowles, our Director of Hardware, on board to lead us through it. Bill has over 20 years of experience designing and manufacturing consumer electronics products. He has a background in industrial design and mechanical engineering, and has a strong network of relationships in electrical design, manufacturing, shipping and logistics. He also has a dog named Buster, who is adorable. I asked him to talk us through the process from here to ship, and I thought you'd find it interesting as well: --- Here's what the next 9 months look like for us: The terms EVT, DVT and PVT help define the different stages of our development process. EVT, or “Engineering Validation Testing,” is the stage in which fairly rapid prototypes are made and tested to validate the design with approximate production materials. This is what we completed prior to the Kickstarter campaign. In EVT, rapid prototyping or CNC machining is combined with electronics breadboarding, or in our case, with off-the-shelf development kits. These kits were produced in fairly high quantities and allowed us to inexpensively test the hardware limitations, and help us better understand how people might use EO1. We launched our Kickstarter campaign at the culmination of the EVT stage, when we were confident we could produce EO1 at the price we went public with, and with a hunch that people might like it. DVT or "Design Verification Testing" is the development phase we’re kicking off now, which includes more rigorous testing with quantifiable objectives around things like strength, longevity and compliance; basically debugging as many issues of the entire electro-mechanical system prior to beginning a volume production run. There may be a few DVT phases (DVT1, DVT2, etc…) to work out any lingering issues and refine parts to simplify the manufacturing and assembly process. The DVT stage should include the simulation of manufactured parts as closely as possible. As critical as the design for the end user, is qualifying and getting confidence in the "Design for Manufacturing" (DFM). In other words, can this wonderful thing we designed actually be manufactured? Tooling begins when the DVT process is complete. In this stage, mechanical parts have been refined and 3D files are sent to selected vendors to produce the fixtures, tools and processes to efficiently make large quantities of parts. For plastics/injection molding, blocks of steel are ordered and cut to produce cavities to mold housing and other parts. For sheet metals, “tool and dies” are made to efficiently punch accurate shapes from sheets or coils of metal. The cost and complexity of tool-making requires final DVT parts to be absolutely perfect and the process takes a significant amount of time and must be calculated into the overall development schedule. The final testing stage, PVT, stands for “Product Validation Testing." It's similar to DVT, but this testing phase is with production parts and assemblies only. Typically, PVT parts and assemblies are used for the most rigorous testing that includes certification with independent electronics testing/compliance facilities like UL, FCC, CE, etc. Once completed, labels with certification codes can be applied to approved products. Production kicks off when the PVT process wraps up. Raw materials are pre-ordered and are in stock at the point of production, and the process of producing parts begins. Most electronics assemblies are a collection of custom made parts (from tooling), subassemblies made from contract manufacturers, and “off-the-shelf” components which are assembled into one unit. The assembly process is another area of design consideration where issues can arise (i.e. mechanical fasteners/adhesives not assembled properly, parts assembled in the wrong orientation, high-quality finishes on visible surfaces can become scratched, etc.). The initial release of production parts go through an "New Product Introduction" (NPI) review where production issues are analyzed and fixed. Once the parts and final assemblies are made to the original design specifications, quantities of final assemblies can be produced, packaged and readied for distribution! ---- We'll keep you in the loop as we make our way through the development process. We've spent a lot of time with this forecast, and are confident that EO1 will arrive stable, secure, and on time! We're pleased to share that we're now over $325,000 in contributions. This product (like the Internet) gets better when more people use it, so please continue to help spread the word! And a special thank you to all the backers who have taken a chance on us so far! Check out EO1 in person! If you're in NYC, we hope to see you this weekend at our Pop-up Showroom on Kenmare and Bowery, where you can check out EO1 in person! Events include: Saturday: Tumblr Ice Cream Social Saturday night: Music + Visuals hosted by Portals and to.be Sunday night: "Collecting Digital Art" with the Arts+Tech Meetup RSVP for the Pop-up Showroom Meet Nicolas Sassoon Nicolas Sassoon is a Vancouver-based artist who works primarily on and for screens. We've been working closely with him from the very beginning, and he has been incredibly supportive, lending his advice and his talent to this effort. Many of his works can be found on the Kickstarter page! We thought it might be interesting to ask him a few questions about creating art on and for screens, and about what the Internet means to his practice. EO: What about the Internet/screens is attractive to you as an artist? Nicolas: One of the foundations of my work is to use the matrix display of modern screens as a form of canvas. Every single screen today is made of a grid of physical/immaterial pixels with unique properties and qualities. This is what makes screens unique on a physical level compared to paintings, prints or even theater screens. They have their own subtle qualities and I enjoy exploring the potential of these traits within my practice. Almost 100% of my artistic output is published online; my current work wouldn’t exist today without the Internet. Publishing my work online allows me to reach a much larger audience, when and where they deem it appropriate. Enjoying art at home has traditionally been reserved for the small few who could afford it; the Internet is changing this. Now anyone can experience art in their home or their office. It’s a radically different experience; it can be way more intimate and enjoyable than the experience of that same artwork in a gallery or museum space. EO: Tell us about working with EO? How to anticipate working with EO1? Nicolas: Having an EO prototype in my studio allows me to experiment in real time and see instantly what works best depending on how the screen is oriented or where it is placed. It adds an exciting spatial dimension to the process of working on GIFs, and it greatly facilitates the insertion of these works into an environment other than the personal computer. I am currently working on a few series specifically for EO1 and I also really like the idea of having an artist channel that screen owners can subscribe to. There are many other interesting perspectives that we have talked about, but for now these are what I'm most excited about. I’ve been waiting to see the creation of an affordable display dedicated to screen-based artworks like Electric Objects. I believe EO1 will contribute immensely to the on-going conversation around the monetization of online and screen-based artworks. It will promote new forms of art ownership and give screen-based artworks an elegant and proper platform to be displayed on. Learn more about Nicolas One more thing... Ben Pieratt has for the last year acted as Creative Director for Electric Objects. Ben is an independent artist and designer, and he's one of the most talented folks I've had the opportunity to work with. Ben and another friend, Cameron Koczon, recently launched a worthy Kickstarter campaign to rescue a wonderful product he made called Svpply, which was sadly shut down by the company that acquired it. Ben's campaign is currently $1,008 away from hitting its goal, so we hope you'll check it out and consider backing it! Visit Very Goods, the new Svpply Putting a new product out in the world is a terrifying experience, and making your launch numbers public is even harder, but there's little better than seeing a community of people you admire rally behind something you believe in. Yesterday we hit out goal in 30 minutes, and in the last 24 hours we've seen over $200,000 in contributions, nearly 10x our goal. This is a win for the Internet. It's a testament to the fact that computers can be used for more than just utility and entertainment, that there's beauty in the network, and that a new generation of artists, creating work on and for screens, deserve a space in our homes. We're humbled by this response, and look forward to living up to this mission. Join us at the Electric Objects NYC Showroom! Starting this Friday, join us for a weekend of art, Internet, and fun, including events with Tumblr , Portals , To.be , and the Arts+Tech Meetup . Check out the schedule of events! Now for a few practical updates: The handmade wooden frame reward sold out a bit faster than expected (about 12 hours). We've spoken with Annie, and she's agreed to make another 50 units! If you weren't able to snag one, you can upgrade your pledge now ! We updated the page with an FAQ , to answer common questions around things like power use and the cord. Thanks again for all your support, and we hope you continue to help us spread the word! Jake