Hello dear backers, We are making a huge progress and have exciting media to share with you about the trial production. Molds Inserting the metal chassis of the Smartcase into the mold and injecting the frame around it: <url>"OK Google"). The result will be Siri and Google assistant in one device! <url>’t tight because we already finished both electrical and mechanical design . Just some mechanical adjustments are needed for producing the final prototypes. Here’s the new timeline according to Mobot: . . Thank you again for your support and patience. Rest assure that the waiting will be worth it. Regards, ESTI team . . P.S. For any issue/question you can email Sharon: <email> Hello dear backers We would like to share with you the latest news: We are facing some mechanical problems with the production of the final prototypes. Therefore, our manufacturing partners in China are delaying the supply of the final prototype. We and our manufacturing partners are trying to solve this as soon as possible. This will probably effect the delivery time. If the delivery will get delayed, we'll publish a separate update about it. As for now, the delivery time is as scheduled. . . Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team . . P.S. For any issue/question you can email Sharon: <email> Hello dear backers First we would like to explain the updates frequency recently. We want the updates to be meaningful. That is why you saw some of our latest updates days close to each other. on contrary, this update comes a month after the last one. We would like to share with you that the electronic stacking is finished. Stacking means the exact placement of all the electronic parts on the motherboard. From business discretion reasons, we can’t share in public the 3D files of it. Although the above, we still want to keep some kind of transparency. If there is one from the backers in China or visiting China (Shanghai or Shenzhen), Joe can show him this privately. For this meeting with Joe, please contact Sharon at: <email> . By the end of the month we are expecting the complete prototype for testing. We are extremely excited about it! . . Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team . . P.S. For any issue/question you can email Sharon: <email> Hello dear backers! In the last two months we made a huge improvement in all aspects. We're happy to say that we succeeding to follow the new timeline that the designers (both electronic and industrial) and manufacturing partners gave us. The Smartcase is closer now more than ever to mass production. . We want to share with you the progress in more details. Smartcase for iPhone Plus models: ID (Industrial Design) - finished MD (Mechanical Design) - finished . <url>" display on the back of the small models. With this design, we keep the huge display and the small form factor of the X and basic iPhone models (6, 6s, 7 &amp; 8). Unlike the iPhone and other smartphones, the Smartcase don't have a front camera, therefore the unique display-only design. Sliding mechanism is used to reveal the iPhone's rear camera In a few days we'll upload some pictures of the Smartcase mock-up for iPhone Plus models. Mock-up is a 1:1 dummy of the product, just like you see a lot in cellular devices stores display. Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team Hello dear backers! We have finalize the design of the Smartcase for Plus models. Additionally, we have renders of it (Scroll down to see). Rest of the models are soon to come. We have included more features (for all iPhones - Plus, regular and X): Special LED light when getting a notification or just for cool design touch (can be switched off). Fingerprint sensor. A mock up model will be shared with you in 10 days. At the meantime, the electronic internals design will be ready by June 18th and then we'll start building the first batch of prototypes. Final design: . . . <url>’s trip to China that we wanted to share with you. The process we are ahead of, delivery timeline and final specifications: Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Progress and Details The past couple of weeks have been filled chasing engineering details with our design/production partner, but we have reached a point where we think sufficient information is available to provide you with an inside look at the product. Joseph is again in Shenzhen this week to lock down remaining details and the production timelines. For this update we will reveal the near-final schematic drawings, highlight the areas in those drawings that still require final thought, and provide a brief overview of the timeline moving forward. Next week we will provide a second update that discusses the more detailed timeline. Schematic Drawings The overall challenge to this project is to maintain the slim profile of the Eye Smart Case with so many electronic components. It is very much like playing Tetris but with electronic components. Issues that can cause re-thinking include space consumption, electronic interference (by placing certain components over others in relation to the case and the existing phone, which also has its own components), and how to fit this into a sleek, precision case when it’s all complete. The drawing below reveals how we have managed to solve most of the issues while maintaining our overall goals. Moving forward, our timeline to approve the Industrial Design by mid-April, with Electronic Design approval by the end of April. Tooling/mold construction will also begin this month. The outlook then is to have first prototypes in May for initial DVT and EVT. Everything at this point is on an accelerated schedule, so we will be doing many things in parallel. Production molds will follow so that we can begin planning first small production runs and additional testing, including FCC and other necessary approvals. Our plan is to provide you this timeline next week after Joseph completes a few more meetings during his trip. Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, We have received some requests and comments inquiring about the possibility to upgrade to an expected new version of the iPhone in September. We understand the concern that our projected July shipping date may be very near to the release of the next iPhone version, possibly rendering the case less valuable or not useful at all. This is a difficult, but ongoing dilemma that was true from the start of our campaign and will continue each year that Apple releases new versions. The fact is that we simply cannot anticipate what the specs for any new iPhone will be, so we cannot endorse a delay for a product that is not yet available on the market. It is simply beyond what we, or any company other than Apple, can control. What we can say for sure is that our supporting backers will be eligible to have the option to upgrade up until the last available time to make this decision. The choice can remain open until we can more definitively define a timeline for a new model once the new iPhone specs become known to us. Of course, if we learn that we cannot build/support the new model due to some unforeseen technical curveball, we will ship the latest Smartcase available based on your choice. We want our backers to know that our goal is to build a long-term Company, so our plan is to continue to deliver new models that match how the iPhone evolves. Thank you again for your support and patience. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Product Upgrade Policy Decisions Based on consistent questions we see in the comments from backers, we wanted to provide a quick update on a modification we have decided to make regarding the product upgrade plan. In our original campaign, we stated that backers who upgraded their iPhone after the campaign was complete would be eligible to upgrade their Eye smart case in the future as long as it was done prior to product delivery. The original upgrade policy was intended for those iPhones we would support, namely the iPhone 6-8 and iPhone 6-8 Plus. What this meant, for example, was that if a backer upgraded from an iPhone 7 to an 8, they would be eligible to upgrade the case accordingly. After some discussion this past week with our recently chosen Contract Manufacturing partner, we have decided to include a case for the iPhone X as part of the initial production plan. The iPhone X does require a different size case, but our discussions have determined that including this case, while adding some production cost to us (another production mold), for the initial production runs, will not materially alter our new timelines. Ultimately, we believe the decision is in the best interest of our backers. The good news for many of you that have either already upgraded to an iPhone X, or that plan to do so in the near future, is that you will be able to upgrade your Eye Smartcase as well. To make sure our files are also in sync, please update the following survey: <url>’s vision for our products and philosophy. While better communication in itself does not address all of the questions and concerns you may have, it is an important improvement for us and ultimately, for you, as we move forward towards achieving our business goals and project fulfillment. Technical Updates: Over the past couple of months we have been working very hard to scale the production beyond our initial prototypes. On one hand, we do consider it a positive that we have been able to produce additional working prototypes. While this may seem like an incremental piece of news, it is important for a couple of reasons. 1) It helps us to more effectively and efficiently approach and demonstrate to companies in the design/manufacturing process. and 2) It builds buzz and credibility for new partners to actually see a device working rather than just an online video. Our latest prototype has allowed us to have representatives with devices on hand at CES this coming week. As many of you know, some of the most time consuming and expensive units are those early prototypes - we are highly motivated to move beyond the point of having to make them ourselves! (The media files above in full quality: <url>’t think this is a great business decision as it can be extremely costly and difficult to manage and support. But if we find that the design delay is simply too long, we have not ruled out pursuing this path. We have important meetings scheduled in the coming days to gather more information and vet suppliers, and we now have more people involved to help us make the best decisions. We absolutely feel the pressure to deliver, but we also want to make sure we can deliver a product not only that you will love to use, but also will be one of those products that everyone that you see or know will wonder how you were so lucky to be the first to get it. Sometimes, the conflict between speed and quality can create difficult choices for how products enter the market. We are using all of our creativity to determine how to find that balance. Thank you again for your support - we hope that you find our new updates more valuable and that you let us know if we are heading in the right direction. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Here is the biweekly update on the project' status and activities, to continue our promised transparency, as well as our responsibility to handle the backer's funds very carefully. We are currently in a components sourcing process, which will enable the best Smart case’ performance without any quality compromise. This is a challenging stage and might take longer than expected, yet we are on track with a mid-2018 delivery date. From this stage and on - the product’ sourcing &amp; design would be done cooperatively with the manufacturer who we began to work with. EYE Smartcase is an amazing product (and we promise, well worth the wait!). However, you-our initial backers are more important to us than anything and will be receiving the quality Smartcases first. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Here is the biweekly update on the project' status and activities, to continue our promised transparency, as well as our responsibility to handle the backer's funds very carefully. The 5" &amp; 5.5" screens that were checked did not fit the product' requirements. We are currently checking alternative screens, so therefore there is still no final decision between the 2 optional screens. The primary optional supplier is MFI approved and we are aiming to approach Apple for MFI Smartcase' approval. EYE Smartcase is an amazing product (and we promise, well worth the wait!). However, you-our initial backers are more important to us than anything and will be receiving the quality Smartcases first. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Here is the biweekly update on the project' status and activities, to continue our promised transparency, as well as our responsibility to handle the backer's funds very carefully. Over the last two weeks, we were comparing with a potential manufacturer, a solution of 5.5" screen vs. a solution of 5" screen.As explained in the previous report, replacing 5" screen by the 5.5" screen - requires re-design. Such a new design also requires a use of sliding solution for the camera to smaller devices, for keeping the devices in their original sizes. In order to decide between the two alternatives, there is a need to test the components for both solutions to ensure they meet the requirements. Once we get the positive results we expect, a detailed production plan will be concluded with the manufacturer and of course also be shared with you. EYE Smartcase is an amazing product (and we promise, well worth the wait!). However, you-our initial backers are more important to us than anything and will be receiving the quality Smartcases first. Regards, ESTI team Here is the biweekly update on the project' status and activities, to continue our promised transparency, as well as our responsibility to handle the backer's funds very carefully. We are getting many questions from you asking to get more detailed updates. As we wrote before, we will be able to share pictures/videos/drawings after signing a production contract. We are checking a possibility to increase the case screen to 5.5" without increasing the form dimensions, compare to the 5" screen. We are working to complete the production contract with a supplier that can assemble the full product. EYE Smartcase is an amazing product (and we promise, well worth the wait!). However, you-our initial backers are more important to us than anything and will be receiving the quality Smartcases first. Regards, ESTI team Here is the biweekly update on the project' status and activities, to continue our promised transparency, as well as our responsibility to handle the backer's funds very carefully. We have made a good progress in production suppliers negotiation &amp; we still have a couple more milestones to go. Unfortunately, given the latest production timeline estimation, it is very likely that we will be shipping by mid-2018 and not much earlier as we had hoped. We are incredibly sorry as the last thing we want to do is delay EYE Smartcase any further. We highly appreciate your support &amp; patience as we continue to moving forward. We will notify you, at least 2 weeks, before the surveys will be closed to changes. Until then, you can make any changes, using the link below: <url>– just before actual shipment. We are also getting inquiries with regards the Android version and therefore we currently plan to enable Smartcase to run on Android 7, while our future plan is to enable Smartcase to also run on newer versions. We would like to express our appreciation to your support and apology again for the earlier mistake, which led to unrealistic estimations of delivery times. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Here is the project’s biweekly update on the project status and activities: This report is following our promise to continue being transparent and reliable as much as possible, while continuously demonstrate our responsibility, by handling the backer's funds very carefully. We are aware that some of you were trying to check directly with Mike from Menlo that they are truly working with us. All of them were answered that they indeed actually are working with us. The current situation is that we are working with Menlo to figure out the best manufacturer and to eventually sign a contract with him. The process includes any details regarding the candidates and off course the issues that are being negotiated with them, which can't be exposed. Negotiation is a delicate stage and patient is required. We believe that once we will sign the contract with the manufacturer, we will be able to give better detailed reports as well as timelines for the deliveries. Until that will happen, we would like to express our appreciation to your support and to again apology for the earlier mistake that led unrealistic delivery time’ estimations. Regards, ESTI team Dear backers, Here is an update on the project status and activities: As we promised, we are reporting to you the biweekly update and continue to be transparent with you as much as we can. We continue to be very responsible and handle very carefully the backer's funds. We are moving forward also and we plan to accelerate the pace in the coming weeks. In order to make sure that we will complete the SmartCase development and produce the highest quality device we signed a contract with Mr. Mike Klasco from Menlo Scientific Ltd. Mr. Klasco has vast experience with a list of successful electronics products and companies, such as: Samsung, Intel, Apple, Mophie, Microsoft, Qualcom, Beats earphones, Mophies Battery case, Xbox original gaming headset. We trust the huge experience that Mr. Klasco brings with him to support ESTI and to enable us to complete the development and the manufacturing successfully ASAP. More details and projects examples regarding Menlo Scientific and Mr. Klasco are attached: Regards, ESTI team Hey everyone! We forgot to mention yesterday that, if you want , you can still change you case model to the iPhone X / 8 / 8 Plus. You can do it here if you want: <url>" display and the bottom of the Smartcase (the chin) wont be larger, it actually might be smaller than the iPhone 7, 6s &amp; 6 one. Matter of fact, because of its new and unique design, we might be able to include a bigger battery! Wireless charging: Like the Eye Smartcase, the new iPhones supports the Qi standard of wireless charging so the new iPhone accessories will be supported and vice versa. Another feature of the new iPhones that was mentioned is a wireless charging that also recognize the specific device that's being charged and its pad "Air Power". As Apple mentioned, it'll be part of an updated Qi industry standard and not exclusive to Apple products so we can support this as well. As usual and as promised, next week there will be an update about the progress of the project. Best, ESTI team. P.S. A fixed link to the original 4K video from last week: <url>– COO | VP Global Operations - long track record in leading global companies. <url>" HD tablet that will display exactly what's on your iOS or Android smartphone screen - no file transfers, no clouds, no wires, no paid contracts. GET IT HERE! The Eye smart case is becoming a huge success! And it’s all thanks to you! Now, you can have the option to expand the on board storage from 16GB to 64GB by adding $59 to your pledge. Additionally, you now have the option to get the powerbank that can be mounted inside Eye, making it a powerful external battery with a screen :) For the powerbank add-on you only need to add $24 to your pledge. For more details about the powerbank and the 64GB on-board storage options please check the Stretch Goals section at the bottom of the campaign page! Now the waterproofing stretch goal is much closer! We've changed the waterproofing IP67 rating stretch goal from $3 million to $1 million. When we reach $1 million we'll add water and dust protection to match the iPhone 7 IP67 rating. This stretch goal is for all Eye cases, for all models (both the base one and the one for the Plus sizes) and for all backers for free . *************Please share and support as much as you can in order for us to reach $1 million so we can ship the Eye smart case with water resistance!************* Thanks again for all your amazing support! The Eye Team Hi everybody! Hi everybody! After we received many requests from our amazing backers for higher storage, we decided to change the $500K goal to on board storage expansion instead of a power bank. It's an optional upgrade from 16GB to 64GB of on board storage ($59) . Quadruple (X4!!) the on board storage! If we'll reach $500K, and you want more storage, just add $59 to your current pledge for getting the Eye and you’ll get 64GB on board storage! Let's do as much as you can to share and support in order for us to reach the $500K goal, and be able to offer a X4 bigger storage! Affiliate program! Additionally, as part of our efforts to reach higher funding, so we can give you even a better product, we're starting an Affiliate program! You earn 10% of every friend pledge you direct to our campaign, it's about $15-$20 for every friend. You can go even higher if they order more than one Eye smart case. Please join our efforts to reach as high as we can! How it works: Just go to eye-smart-case.kickbooster.me It's easy! You get a unique personal link that you share with everyone you want and get paid 10% from every pledge that came through your personal link. For example: Your friend Joe entered the Eye case Kickstarter page with your link and pledged $200, you get paid $20. Sounds awesome, right? Let’s keep this momentum going! Thanks again for all your amazing support! The Eye Team Guys we're so excited to announce that Eye has been featured in the biggest tech channel in the world, Unbox Therapy!! <url>