Technical update: Zeyez is very excited to announce that it continues to grow its engineering team. Zeyez now has top quality engineers working full-time on Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Software &amp; Firmware development of the glasses. We are all working together to finalize the design of the Zeyez circuit board, ensuring that we have all the electrical features we need in the smallest physical size possible. So far we are happy with how the design is shaping up. We’ve been able to eliminate a lot of bulk in the earpiece areas and hinge areas, which contributes to a sleek, discrete pair of glasses. ME next steps: Finalizing the hinge. We must ensure that the electrical cabling running through the hinges does not bind or break as it bends through the earpiece. We’ve designed a hinge that should perform well, we are preparing to test this hinge design to ensure that it can handle 100,000 folding and unfoldings of the earpieces without breaking any wires inside) Review molding strategy for power wiring. We’ve devised three unique methods for transferring electrical power from our battery in the left earpiece to our circuit board and camera in the right earpiece. We’ll be reviewing these methods with our potential manufacturers in China to develop a production process for running this power bus through a thin sunglass frame. EE next steps: Finalize camera module selection. We’re currently evaluating camera modules, with the goal of final selection within the next 4 weeks. Finalize CPU selection. We’re currently evaluating 2-3 promising CPUs for the on-board Zeyez circuit board. Some processors offer more power at the expense of a larger, less sleek circuit board. Other designs are a little slower, but also smaller and less power hungry. Antenna placement and evaluation. We need to verify that our antenna gives us the wireless streaming performance that we need, despite being a very small antenna. We’re evaluating a few different antennas in a few different locations within the right earpiece. Our goal is to maximize streaming performance over BlueTooth4.0, while minimizing the SAR (specific radiation absorption) exposed to the wearer of Zeyez glasses, we still have a lot of testing to do here. SW FW next steps: Our SW/FW team is currently working closely with the EE team to implement streaming to our Zeyez system over Bluetooth 4.0, using Android and iOS platforms. Currently, the development tools available for Windows Phone don’t appear to allow us to implement our app on their platform. We are also building the look and feel of the Zeyez App (designing the controls that will allow you to record, review, and livestream with Zeyez through the App). Schedule update: We have an additional 8-12 weeks of designing and testing we need to conduct before our design will be ready to give to our manufacturers for mass production. At this point, we need to make a very large investment with our manufacturing partner to build and buy the tools and equipment we need for mass production, as well as pay for the electrical parts (batteries, cameras, flash memory) for our first production run. This is a significant cost (over US 1M), so we need to make sure we have the design 100% right before this important point in the project. After we’ve kicked off our first mass production run, it will take our manufacturer an additional 12-16 weeks to get their assembly lines built, tuned-in, and up to speed. During this time, we will be assembling small batches of Zeyez eyewear to test out the assembly lines as they come together. We are planning on building these pre-production glasses for our Kickstarter fans, ensuring that you get your Zeyez eyewear as soon as possible and well before mass-market availability. 24-30 weeks from now, our manufacturer should be able to ship us the first mass produced batch of Zeyez eyewear ready for sale. We can’t wait to get there, we’re working as fast as we can to build our team and get these glasses out to the world as soon possible. Dear Kickstarter Backers - Your support has been the driving force behind the Zeyez production, and we appreciate the momentum our Kickstarter community has given us! We have received numerous emails and offers of assistance from our Kickstarter supporters since our last update. We greatly appreciate all the feedback that you have given us and would like to increase the dialogue between us in the most positive way possible. Your concerns regarding a shipping date have not fallen on deaf ears. As mentioned in the previous update, the engineering process has taken longer than we originally anticipated and as a result we've had to postpone our target shipping date of Zeyez to you. We have been hesitant to offer a new tentative shipping date without being certain that we can fulfill by that date. Rest assured that we will be sending a shipment update featuring a precise list of production timeframes from the Zeyez engineering team soon. In a previous update, we shared with you a recognition we received from the World Technology Network, a nomination as a top 5 finalist for most innovative IT Hardware of 2011. In light of our previous award, we would like to officially announce that Zeyez has also been recognized as a top 3 finalist by the Edison Awards for most innovative photography/video product of 2012! We would like to share this exciting accomplishment with all of you, and thank you for helping us make it a reality. To further our goal of increasing dialogue with you, we would like to get feedback from you in regards to the Zeyez smartphone application. We would like to hear your input on what features you'd like to see in the final product. Please share your insights so we can incorporate your feedback now and create the best smartphone application available! Here is a basic list of the functionality of the Zeyez application that we believe is crucial: 1. Direct synchronization with social media websites for sharing video (Facebook, YouTube, Livestream, JustinTV, Ustream) which would provide the ability to either livestream video or upload recorded video. 2. View finder for easy video review. 3. Seamless video editing which would provide the user with the ability to upload portions of recorded video. 4. The ability to synchronize the application with not only Zeyez products but also with the camera embedded in your smartphone. Please feel free to post any recommendations on this Kickstarter update or email them to <email> . Don’t forget - you are the architects of RevolutionZeyez. Issue #2 -- February 14, 2012 Announcing the 2012 Edison Award Finalists 133 Outstanding New Innovations Recognized In a press release yesterday, the Edison Awards announced the 133 nominees that were ranked as the top three Finalists in their respective categories in the 2012 Award competition. These lucky nominees, as judged by a panel of more than 3,000 professionals from the fields of product development, design, engineering, science, marketing and education, represent a broad spectrum of innovation and creativity across 15 categories. "The Edison Awards provide an exclusive platform for honoring innovation, recognizing innovators, and encouraging ongoing innovation among today's development teams, researchers, designers, 'intrapreneurs' and entrepreneurs. We're inspired by our 2012 finalists and delighted to have this opportunity to recognize and promote the outstanding accomplishments they represent," says Thomas Stat , the 2012 Edison Awards Steering Committee Chairman. The Edison Awards™ are among the most prestigious accolades honoring excellence in new product and service development, marketing, human-centered design and innovation.Unique to the world of award programs, the Edison Awards are focused on the innovators as much as the innovations.Award winners represent "game changing" products, services and excellence and leadership in innovation around four criteria: Concept, Value, Delivery and Impact .An Edison Award represents significant value to the award winner and to the cause of innovation. For a complete list of the top 133 Finalists, click here. Dear Kickstarter Backers- We are extremely pleased with the progress we have made within the past 6 months in developming Eyez prototypes, establishing partnerships, and creating a road map that will supersede your expectations. Below are links to an early prototype overview featured on Engadget and sample videos uploaded from our very own Eyez! Engadget Article: <url>’ creators say they make a handy alternative to smartphones. Enjoy action as it unfolds without having to worry about wielding a miniature camcorder. Possibilities are theoretically endless though, potentially allowing anyone to embark on a second career as a private eye, or bring friends along on their next panty raid. <url>’ve been waiting for an affordable pair of spy glasses that can transmit video in real time. My wait looks like it may be over very soon. Seattle startup ZionEyez is building momentum to launch their Eyez video recording glasses this year. The Roy Orbison looking Eyez will feature a 720p HD recording camera, microphone, Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity, 8 GB flash memory, and three hours of battery life. Using an iPhone or Android app you can transmit what your Eyez record directly to the web, or you can save and upload it later using a microUSB port. Take a tour of the Eyez in the animated video below. As part of their KickStarter funding project, you can get a pair of these video glasses for just $150 (shipping winter 2011), or wait until after July 31st for the general retail release at $200. *Due to the overwhelming popularity of the Eyez, the KickStarter project has already met its goal of $55,000 – it took less than eight days!* These glasses are just plain awesome, and I can’t wait until mine arrive. With devices like these I think we’re moving ever closer to a world where everything you do is being recorded and shared as it happens. Lifelogging, thine name is Eyez. ZionEyez is currently in the process of formalizing their optical choices, so there’s no sample of the video Eyez will record. Still, the following animation is a great overview of the general style of the glasses, and the specs of the equipment that will be onboard. What we do know about the Eyez is that they will record in 1280x720p HD video at 30 frames per second using a wide angle lens to capture a good view of what you’re seeing. The LED indicator light for recording will only flash once, and it will be internalized so only the wearer sees it – you’re friends won’t know they’re on camera! Talk about spy glasses. There’s also Bluetooth and WiFi connectivity so you can transmit data to your smart phone of choice and from their to Qik or Livestream and onward to Facebook, etc. Audio is recorded at 128 kb/s (reasonable quality) for a total stream with video around 15 Mbps. Not a bad setup and with a three hour battery life (and 8GB of memory), you’ll get plenty of power to handle webcasts. Would you notice that HD camera? Me neither. Spy glasses, FTW. But that’s just one application. The ZionEyez vision includes replacing/augmenting mobile video recording. Right now when you want to snap a pic or record something on the go, you probably use either your phone or some dedicated camera (let’s say a Flip). How long can you hold that gadget up before your arms get tired? How involved can you be in what’s happening when you have to track what you’re seeing through the display of your mobile device? With Eyez you get a hands free first person view that’s both discreet and easy to share. Epic win in my book. Now some hardcore video jockeys out there aren’t going to be satisfied with just 3 hours of recording per charge. For you, the microUSB port on ZionEyez will be a means of extending record time (through an external battery), as well as possibly transferring data onto different platforms (backup drive, etc). What this means is that whether you are an avid lifelogger, or just someone who wants a better mobile video solution, Eyez has something to offer. Which I think means ZionEyez has a really good chance of succeeding. Their KickStarter page agrees. In the time it took me to write this article they received $2000 in pledges. They’ve already met their goal of $55k, and they have more than 50 days left to go in their pledge drive! In interest of full disclosure, I was one of the people who’s pledged money to the project – the offer for $150 HD spy glasses was just too good to pass up. Singularity Hub’s Keith Kleiner also pledged for a pair of these glasses. (And that offer should still be good up to July 31st…so, you know…don’t miss it). A better look at the microUSB port, which again, is probably going to be unnoticeable to the casual observer. We’ve covered several different video recording glasses in the past. Most, however, are aimed at the outdoor sports enthusiasts, and few are offered as cheaply as $150. What really makes me think that the Eyez could be a breakout gadget, however, is that it looks like it will have the right combination of appearance and performance. The Ray-Ban style frames will pass unnoticed in most social situations, especially as you can swap out clear or shaded lenses as you like (you could also easily fitt prescription lenses). The connectivity through a smart phone matches up with the planned user base very well, as does their vision for linking these glasses directly to the social network. Eyez seem to be custom fit to sell well. Indeed, $55k in eight days means they already have succeeded as a KickStarter project. Now, as cool as Eyez may appear, there’s still plenty of reasons to be cautious. That animation video is great, but it’s not a real product. Is it vaporware? Well, the cynic in me says it’s too early to say otherwise, but ZionEyez CTO, Joe Taylor, is coming from Flip, a company that made millions on mobile cameras , and I don’t think there’s anything in this build that would be impossible or undeliverable at this price. Should we be concerned that Eyez is coming from a crowd sourced project rather than a big name distributor? Maybe. But it could also just be a sign that bright young entrepreneurs know that there’s more money to be made the longer they stay independent. You know, I already pledged money to these guys, so maybe I’m biased. Look over their site, their project page, their specs, and decide for yourself. What I’m certain of is that this kind of product – camera glasses that blend in and allow for easy hands free recording – is going to be hitting the mainstream, and soon. There are many companies entering this field, including big names like Polaroid, and roughly similar devices are already on the market. In the next few years the number of people wearing video glasses is likely to expand from celebrities like Lady Gaga to thousands of average people looking for an easy way to share their lives. That may excite you, it may you make you paranoid about privacy, or it may strike you as silly. Doesn’t matter. Get ready for everything you see to be on the social network. The future of mobile recording is very near. Thanks for your Support! -The ZionEyez Team Popular Science, July, 2011 Issue, “What’s New” Section, Page 15 LOOKING GLASSES By Corinne Iozzio <url>“A pair of camera equipped shades makes video-sharing as easy as walking down the street. Rather than let life pass you by, save it. With the camera-equipped Eyez glasses, users can share point-of-view video without the clunky cameras and nettlesome file transfers that rabid uploaders typically endure. The Ray-Ban-style shades capture an extra-wide 130-degree field of vision through a half-inch fisheye-like lens, which is masked as a grommet on the right side of the frame. A 0.2-inch high-def sensor captures images, and then a low-power one-gigahertz processor compresses the video. The foot-age is either saved into onboard flash memory or beamed from a 2.4 gigahertz Wi-Fi/Bluetooth radio to your smartphone. An app controls the camera remotely and acts a host through which footage streams to Facebook, YouTube or the Eyez homepage. The setup gets power from a molded lithium-polymer battery in the frame’s left arm. As cellular radios continue to shrink and become more efficient over the coming years, Eyez may eventually be able to connect, stream, and share from anywhere without relying on a cellphone." By Corinne Iozzio Popular Science, July, 2011 Issue, “What’s New” Section, Page 15 <url>"I just got off the phone with Carlos Becerra, the CEO of a new company,Zioneyez, which will be offering an intriguing product this coming summer that I think is going to be big. Moreover, I believe that it’s going to trigger a wave of similar products and the market they create will have a huge impact on our society. What will the company be selling? Glasses. Yep, that’s a lot to hope for some specs but here’s what makes them special: The Zioneyez glasses, which look somewhat like RayBan Wayfarers, with removable UVA/UVB blocking lenses (you’ll be able to use prescription lenses too), will have a built-in video camera which is more-or-less completely hidden in the frame. And it’s not just any camera; oh no, the specs (or perhaps that should be “spec specs”) claim that it will offer 720p HD video and will be able to record for three hours on the built-in 8GB Flash memory. And to start and stop recording you will to just have to touch a point on the frame. Wow. How’s that for discrete not to mention sneaky? But wait! It gets better. The glasses will also include wireless networking (802.11n) and Bluetooth support (v3.0). The intention for the networking services is to support video streaming to PCs and smartphones so that wearers can “life stream” … that’s geek for sending out live video of what you are doing. So, no longer will you only be able to tell people on Twitter and Facebook that you’re having a tuna sandwich for lunch, you’ll be able to show them and they can watch you consume it! Sure, you can do that today but the messing around with smartphone cameras and holding them so your “fans” can watch your dining progress is far too clumsy. With the Zioneyez you’ll be ready to broadcast the most intimate details of your life at a moment’s notice! (Of course, the potential for really embarrassing broadcasting mistakes is huge … in fact, much easier than Anthony Weiner’s typing “@” instead of “D” and we all know what that lead to …) Part of the drive to create the Zioneyez product was Cisco announcing recently that they were shutting the doors on their 2009, $590 million acquisition of Pure Digital, the company that produced the Flip Camera. The impetus for Cisco’s decision was that the Flip camera line was becoming uncompetitive in the face of the explosion of cameras in Smartphones; many of which now produce equally good or even better video than the Flip cameras and offer far more functionality in terms of editing, effects, storage, and streaming. Zioneyez now employs a number of the developers from Cisco’s Flip division. The target price for the Zioneyez glasses will be $199 which will make them affordable to a wide market. But what will that market do with them … ah, there’s the rub … I don’t know if you saw an article a few days ago about a particularly ugly incident in Florida where a citizen with a smartphone, Narces Benoit, videoed the police when they shot and killed a suspect sitting in a stopped car. When the police realized that they had been videoed killing him, they pointed their guns at Benoit, hauled him and his girlfriend out of their car, handcuffed them, threw them to the ground, and smashed Benoit’s cellphone. They then put the broken cellphone back into Benoit’s pocket and reportedly did much the same to everyone in vicinity who had a cellphone. The police took Benoit and his girlfriend to a police station, questioned them, and demanded the video. Benoit pointed out that they had smashed his phone but, luckily, he had somehow managed to extract the memory card from the phone and hide it in his mouth before the cops smashed it. Within hours of his release, the video was online and what appears to have been a huge police over-reaction that would have been covered up has been made public. Hopefully, heads will roll. What’s interesting is that as devices like Zioneyez’ glasses proliferate the chance for people to get away with crimes committed in public and private places will diminish. Forget citizen journalism, citizen monitoring will become commonplace and everything from serious events like the one in Miami to bad driving and kids spraying graffiti will be captured and potentially become evidence. And just think how much Homeland Security, the FBI, and the CIA will love this! All of that footage put online by citizens in pursuit of their social networking will be processed by facial recognition software allowing all of those agencies to automatically look for “people of interest” in all sorts of situations where and when regular video surveillance isn’t available. Talk about a windfall! There’s also the interesting possibility of integrating this streaming video into services such as Google Earth, Google Maps, and Bing Maps … in fact, this merging of live video streams with a 3D model has already been done with Microsoft Photosynth and the results are amazing! The “life streaming” video market is going to become a big deal and the implications for citizen journalism, transparent government, and national security are huge. The only thing I forgot to ask Zioneyez’ Beccera about is buying stock." <url>™review on newsy.com . Enjoy! Video Link: <url>™ project! Because of you, ZionEyez has been able to keep true to its grass roots mentality and grow organically. ZionEyez's mission is to create the most effortless video recording experience in existence and together we have been able to take a giant leap in accomplishing our mission. Now that we have reached the threshold amount needed to develop this amazing product, please spread the word and tell your friends and family to join the movement. Every pre-order and/or pledge we receive from now until July 31, 2011 will only improve the quality of our product and the speed in which you can receive your very own pair of Eyez™ . Best Regards, The ZionEyez Team <url>’t feel bad, neither have we. In fact, we too, have just heard of ZionEyez rolling out their latest device, the Eyez HD Video Recording Glasses that intends to bring new vision to social networking sites like Facebook. This is touted to be the latest innovation in personal video recording technology, where the Eyez will feature a 720p HD video camera that is stashed away within a pair of stylish eyeglasses that were specially designed to record and broadcast live video data. You can opt to store all recorded video data onto the 8GB flash memory that is stashed away inside the Eyez, where it can then be transferred over to a computer via Bluetooth or microUSB. We would highly recommend that you settle for the latter, since it won’t sip up more juice from the Eyez, while it is a whole lot faster compared to just a Bluetooth connection. On hindsight, it can be wirelessly transferred to most iPhone or Android devices, giving it yet another option when it comes to flexibility of platform compatibility. Share with the world what you see with the Eyez – we’re quite sure your friends will be hankering you for a long time to come since words these days over Twitter, Facebook updates or blog posts aren’t enough. The Eyez can be ordered at a special rate of $150 until July 31st this year, where the price will hit its usual $199 after that. <url>"Video cameras and wireless technology have gotten so small, now developers at ZionEyez in Seattle are working on Eyez, a pair of glasses with a tiny embedded video camera that can continuously record everything you see in 720p, transmitting it wirelessly to social media sites for all to see. ZionEyez is calling Eyez “a new revolution in social media technology,” allowing some exhibitionistic gadget lover to wear these video-shooting glasses that transmit their images via Bluetooth to an Eyez app on an iPhone or Android device. From there, the video would be streamed through wireless networks to video sites online, where it could all be viewed live. Streaming live HD video is possible, but it’s still an awfully tall order for wireless data networks circa 2011, so there’s also 8GB of flash memory on board as well as a mini-USB port, allowing users to record the goings-on and then transfer them to a computer for editing and later broadcast. Alas, Eyez aren’t available yet, but it’s a Kickstarter project, where if enough investors are interested in funding the project, its final development will get underway (Kickstarter details here). So far, 58 backers have pledged $9,745 toward the $55,000 goal with 56 days to go. This is fascinating. In a situation where transmission technology is dependable enough for smooth streaming, this could turn into an interesting performance-art project. Or imagine a celebrity wearing these glasses throughout the day. Maybe someday, everyone will record video of everything they do every day, and stream it live. That’s the ultimate social media." <url>"We first heard about the Eyez video recording glasses concept back in March, when those familiar black frames packed a 1080p camera, 16GB of flash memory, WiFi, and dual exawatt-class lasers (ok, we made that last part up). Named for the product's "utopic vision," ZionEyez now has a prototype with a more grounded spec list, including a 720p camera and 8GB of memory, along with micro-USB and Bluetooth connectivity for livecasting to Qik or LiveStream -- The Truman Show style. Afraid you won't be able to pull off those high-tint lenses at night or in that top-secret (indoor) business meeting? You can swap out the removable sunglass lenses for clear versions, or throw in your prescription in daylight (tinted) or indoor flavors, since many optical stores stock appropriately sized lenses. Availability for these $199 HD Ray-Ban clones is currently slated for fall (assuming ZionEyez hits its funding target), but you can pre-order your pair for $150 on Zion's Kickstarter page." <url>