I've had a lot of messages from backers worrying that they missed something or that their perks had been lost in the mail, so I figured I'd put out another update to everyone. As I mentioned in the previous update, once I got moved there were serious delays in getting the legally required permits before I could resume business operations. That means that I was unable to get the Early Bird perks out by December 10, and it also meant that my regular shop could not operate for several weeks longer than I had planned and budgeted for. Before the move I had been assured that the permitting process was a one day deal and wouldn't cause any disruption whatsoever, and I took that city official at his word. Things happened, and he was wrong. The end result of that is that I had to divert funds intended for things like shipping perks into paying rent on my new space. I hate that I had to do that, but I had no choice. My thought that I could get everything out in time for Christmas was wrong too. I tried my best but it was just impossible. Maybe I was naive in thinking I could get everything done on the schedule I initially presented to you. I honestly thought I could do it, and frankly if the delays hadn't happened I still think I would've pulled it off. But that didn't happen and I failed, and I'm sorry. I am doing the best I can to get perks out as quickly as possible. Everything goes in order of your backer number, with Early Birds going out first. It is going to take a while and I wish I could give each one of you a specific date on which your goodies would hit the mailbox, but that is impossible. I still have to keep my regular business operations going so that I can pay rent on this wonderful new space, and cover things like food and heat for myself and my feline supervisors. It's a struggle and a balancing act but I'm getting it done slowly and steadily, and I ask for your continued patience and understanding. I also want to provide some information regarding the Kickstarter platform. If you're worried about missing anything - updates like this one, messages regarding the status of your perks, etc - please log in to Kickstarter, click on the icon at the top right of the window with your profile image, then under the Settings heading click Notifications . There you can click the little envelope (email) and cell phone (this is either push notifications or text messages, I'm not sure which) icons to select how you are notified of certain events. I highly recommend enabling email notifications of all New Project Updates . That way anytime I post something, you'll get an email about it without having to log into Kickstarter to check for it. If you're still not getting notifications, make sure to check your spam folder, and add the kickstarter email address to your address book and/or safe senders list. I want to thank you all again for your support. Delays and unforeseen hurdles aside, this project has been a success . My ability to produce Nightfall has been greatly expanded. I mean, there is yarn in stock on the website and has been for a few weeks now - in the five years I've been dyeing Nightfall that has never happened before! That's a huge step! No more feeding frenzies and shop sellouts before half of the people get the email open! This is a big part of what we were aiming for with this expansion, and it is absolutely working. You made that happen . Things are only going to get better from here. I have a lot of ideas about how to further improve and expand the FibroFibers brand, and you've made those things possible - in the long term. I'm doing a lot of thinking and note-taking for myself for when I've worked through all of the perk fulfillment and got the business rolling at a good steady pace with the current product lineup. I truly love what I do and that means I get really excited about ideas - and sometimes that can lead to jumping into something too soon. I'm being very conscious of that, and holding myself back until it's really the right time. But now if you'll excuse me, I have yarn to dye and boxes to pack up! Have a great week, everyone! As I write this we have just under 20 hours to go before the campaign closes. I'm thrilled to say that we are 173% funded at $25,914. That's amazing! You've facilitated a lot of really great improvements and upgrades, and wonderful things are going to happen. I can't thank you all enough. I do want to remind everyone that perks are still available. If you feel like raising your pledge to claim a higher tier perk, you have until about 3:40pm Eastern on Sunday to do that. And if you have friends who haven't pledged yet, send them over! And don't forget, the exclusive Nightfall Special Edition: Fire Maple colorway will only ever be available through this campaign, so if you want it you must pledge and claim it now! I've also added stickers to all pledges $25 and up once we reached the $25,000 stretch goal. I'm still working on finalizing the design, but here's a mock-up to give you an idea. Once the campaign closes, I will immediately begin work on fulfilling pledges. I will send out surveys through Kickstarter so that you can choose colors where applicable, etc. Please watch for those and respond as soon as possible especially if you have an Early Bird perk - if your response is delayed, your perk could be too. I'll continue to publish updates through Kickstarter as I move into the new space and work to fulfill perks, but those will be bigger periodic updates. To keep an eye on day to day developments, I encourage you to follow @FibroFibers on both Twitter and Instagram. I'll be posting lots of smaller, quicker bits of information on those platforms, and I also use those to announce shop updates and special promotions so they're great sources of information about everything that's going on with FibroFibers. Again, thank you all so much for your support. This campaign has blown up bigger than I ever imagined it could, much like Nightfall itself when I first started dyeing it. I cannot wait to see where this ride takes us next! Finally! Here are a slew of photos of the project bags. Please note that the ribbon drawstrings will be a slightly different color on yours - when I ordered this ribbon they sent me something more sage than lime, and I didn't want to delay photos any longer just for that. Many perks including these bags and totes are still available, so make your pledge and claim yours today! I'm also adding another one-of-a-kind perk: a shawl I knitted from the Nightfall Special Edition Fire Maple! This is a basic wide triangle shawl with a few ridges for interest and a crocheted loop edge. You can claim this for a pledge of $150, or claim one of the perks with the yarn and knit your own! Thank you all again for your generosity and enthusiasm. We've still got a little under two weeks left, so please continue to spread the word. I'm preparing for the move to the new space, and since funding is locked in I'm going to begin dyeing the Special Edition perks soon (though they will not ship until after the close of the campaign). We posted an update referring to a contest - we have since become aware that Kickstarter does not allow contests to be run with the Kickstarter site involved, so we're removing all references. We apologize, we just missed it in the documentation. Please see fibrofibers.com for more information. I'm absolutely blown away, I'm going to state that for the record right now. You've all been more enthusiastic than I ever dreamed, and I can't thank you enough. Just over 24 hours in and we're at 75% of our initial goal! That's incredible! So now, I present to you the campaign-exclusive Nightfall Special Edition colorway. It will only be available to backers. I will never offer it on my website or to shops - this is all you! If you've been following me for a while these colors might be a little familiar. Years ago I did a hand painted variegated colorway called Fire Maple that was very similar. I know a lot of people really loved that colorway, so now I've reinterpreted it through the Nightfall process. The rich russet red and glowing golden yellow combine to produce rich coppery highlights. It has the same speckled gradient transition as regular Nightfall. If you initially selected a different perk but now want this, you can edit your pledge and perk selection at any time during the campaign. Also, the new perks I added back when we passed $5,000 (lo those many hours ago...) include more options that feature this colorway. So now we look ahead to $15,00 quickly approaching, and perhaps beyond. I cannot tell you how grateful I am! Have I told you people that you're amazing? You are. In less than 24 hours, we have raised over 50% of our funding goal! In honor of that, I've added some new perks, and I also increased your choices for skeins of standard Nightfall colorways. And here are the new perks: Two Skeins of Nightfall: You'll get two skeins of Nightfall in your choice of colors from nine of the most popular shades, shown above. At the end of the campaign after we reach our funding goal, I'll send out a survey for you to pick your color(s). You'll also get the Digital Pattern Collection and a postcard. Nightfall Combo Pack: You'll get two skeins of Nightfall yarn. One will be in your choice of the most popular colors (shown above), and the other will be a campaign-exclusive Special Edition colorway with no black! At the end of the campaign after we reach our funding goal, I'll send out a survey for you to pick your color. You'll also get the Digital Pattern Collection and a postcard. Two Skeins of Special Edition Nightfall: You'll get two skeins of Nightfall yarn in the campaign-exclusive Special Edition colorway. You'll also get the Digital Pattern Collection and a postcard. I want to thank you all again, you're doing great work not only with your pledges, but with spreading the word about this campaign with others. That's immensely helpful! I'm also receiving a slew of very sweet and supportive messages. You really know how to make a yarnie feel loved! (It's totally mutual, btw. &lt;3) It has been less than 8 hours since this campaign went live, and we're already a third of the way to our goal! Your enthusiasm got this campaign noticed by Kickstarter employees and they featured it as a Staff Pick, and we've also hit the top of the popularity charts! You are awesome ! To thank you for that, I've unlocked a new perk: Nightfall Rainbow Sets! For a pledge of $175, you'll get six Nightfall Fingering Shawl Balls - one each in the colors shown. This perk has a limited quantity so jump on it fast! Don't forget that if you see a perk you want at a higher pledge level than what you initially selected, you can go back and raise your pledge at any time during the campaign. Here's another sneak preview - the project bags and totes included in the perk packages are going to be in a custom-designed FibroFibers logo fabric which will be custom printed for us, but here's a look at the style of the basic drawstring project bag: I'll post another update with more photos once the test run of custom fabric arrives and we have a few bags ready. You'll also get to see the boxed bag and tote styles at that point. I'm doing some final tweaking on the campaign exclusive colorway this weekend, so you'll get a peek at that soon too! Thank you all so much for your support, both through your pledges and with your help in getting the word out about this campaign. In fact several of you have started your own associated contests, so get to know each other and spread the fun! -Jen PS: I'm making this update public but most future updates, including photos of the special campaign-exclusive colorway, will be viewable by backers only! If you want to see those, make your pledge now.