Hi Folks, We apologize for not posting this update any sooner! With all your help, patience and belief in this project, after three years we are finally able to put it on Steam! Now the game is almost complete, we still need to get feedback and polish it more. It is getting very close! We will provide every backer steam keys soon. Again, thank you so much for backing this project. We had many difficulties, but with all the support and persistency we conquered them all! We will polish this game to its full potential. Steam Page <url>： We know many people love FF, and we also know the latest release isn't the perfect. We've reviewed many feedback for the past few months. Every our backer's suggestion is extremely valuable for us. We are still working on this project. we took 3 months to tear down the entire game to rubble and bricks, and rebuild it from ground up. Our team has been reduced to only two people so we can keep it up with the current financial level. We are trying our best to bring our original idea back. At the end of this month we will have another member to work with us for several months so the progress could be faster. We are working at home and in different cities, but in March we will gather around and utilize all our resources to make a big push before next beta. Thank you for your contribution! PP Hi all atomic squirrels, We are gradually getting back on our feet from the recent financial apocalypse! We survived and things are moving now. We are now spending a lot of time on "Fixing" the game(actually, re-making the game) and trying to follow the original concept we all liked. Some screen shots Hi, We apologize for not keeping in contact in the past few months. The development was paused due to financial issues. And we were thinking about strategies to save the game. Although financially no miracle happened, we think we are able to use the resource we have and continue the development on a smaller scale, since the concept has been proven by many backers. There are huge design and technical issues with the latest build. And we realized that the game didn't quite follow the original concept. We are still trying to figure out how to solve all that. Thanks for your support! PP Thank you guys for your understanding and advises, we will keep doing what we can do. And since some people are interested in how the project look different from the original video, as the chief developer, I will explain it in detail. It is a long story. First of all, it didn't happen in one night, the game went through almost one year and a half of development and changing. As you see the game is an experimental one which means both technical approach and designing approach are not matured. During the development, we experienced coming up with a new idea, implementing it, testing it and abandoning it almost everyday. This is not the best approach, a dangerous one, but our only choice which I believe gradually led the game off track. Another note is that the we did make a demo prototype during the kickstarter campaign. That demo was only for the purpose of recording videos so it has absolutely no game mechanism in it whatsoever. What I can do in that demo is, I can walk, shoot and drive and of course we made the graphic look as good as possible(It is very easy to make the graphic look good if you don't have to worry about performance). And combined with video editing we made the original video look like the game that we are going to produce. However, we later found that we are unable to make the real game look like the video, especially in terms of graphics. Here is an example why. In the demo version, there is no dynamic daylight cycle and weather system, so we used the baked global illumination lighting which has much better performance and rendering quality. However in the real game, we have to use dynamic lighting for the daylight/weather system(sunrise, nightfall, raining...) which is much slower and has worse graphical looking than baked global illumination(this is probably why open world games(skyrim) often have worse graphics than level based games(battlefield 3)). This could be one of the many reasons why you feel the game looks different now, the technical approach in reality doesn't match that in prototype. This is especially likely to happen on experimental projects which the technology has not been established yet. Another example is the animation quality. You might have noticed, we did some high-end motion captures back in April 2013, <url>"wasted" at least 70% of our time on testing out technologies that are no longer valid, just hoping to make the game the best we could. I don't regret the effort though, because with all that lessons learnt, my team and I now know very well how we could avoid it in the future. So if you are willing to make something similar I could offer my two cents. On the other hand, the FF engine itself is matured very fast(dynamic weather, base building, customization, vehicles and plane physics...) We hold some solid technologies here and with a proper team and enough funding, the power of the engine could be unleashed. How we spent our 121k? Brief breakdown, 60% for hiring(all staff, including composer fees) 20% for renting and equipment (We move to China for cheap labor cost so we have to get some whole new sets of equipment and an office) 15% preserved for rewards. 5% preserved for emergency. (such as legal actions) The only reason why we could last this long is probably because we were in China, much cheaper labor rate and rent than NYC. And man, I didn't enjoy the polluted air in Beijing. I agree that please don't stop supporting experimental indie projects just because one or two failed. Without that trying and failure there shall be no success whatsoever. And we indie developers are the pioneers who want to take the challenge. Your $15 bucks is much more than getting a product, it is supporting the progress of the gaming industry. And a fun fact, at the end of the day no matter how bad your game is, there will still be people who enjoys it. So there is no good reason to stop making games:D Comments are welcome and if you wish to know more, contact me at <email> Best Regards PP Hi Everyone, This video shows the basic combat gameplay (how to equip your companions, modify weapons, commanding a squad, cover, etc) Some important features for the next build: 1. AI can do proper pathfinding outside of the base. 2. If your companion got lost(for instance, you left him too far behind), he would return base. 3. Certain attachment can be mounted on certain weapon(for instance, a sniper scope can be attached to most rifles) 4. You can spend the extra money on some bonus cards. for instance you can buy a reinforcement card for 5000. And what it does is basically calling 5 militia men to fight for you. This feature is not that important to the overall gameplay, it just brings a bit more fun and balance. Known Issue, The previous issue was the pathfinding and it was solved. Now we have had some reports on crashes and saving problem. The crash is the tricky one, since it could be caused by so many factors. We are working with several testers to solve this problem and hopefully the system will be more stable in the next build. What's next The game mechanism is pretty much what it is right now. There could be a lot more features to be polished and added in. But we think that if the game is more balanced and without bugs, it will be playable. So debugging and balancing is what we are focusing on right now. 1. Adding music and sound effects 2. Add a large vehicle to carry more people(we only have two small buggy cars at the moment). It makes life easier if you want to lead a large team to expedition. 3. Adding backer customized items(customized characters, item designing, location name, etc) We are sending out surveys to collect these information. 4. Debugging, Debugging, Debugging.... Estimated Release Date 4/20 PP Hey folks, Here is a brief instruction of base management. We will record a combat instruction video for the next update. A chaotic fire fight Update: 1. You can build wooden and stone houses 2. AI can find cover in a fire fight. It was difficult to achieve for an open-world game because it needs a locators placed in the map for the AI to recognize. 3. You companion may flee from battle if morale is too low. 4. All locations are finished and tested. 5. Most bugs from the last build are fixed. What's next? We will keep doing the debugging and optimization. At this point, we are not adding any more features. We are polishing what we have right now. Technical Difficulty Pathfinding: It is hard for an open world game to incorporate fantastic pathfinding. Because of the massive scale of the map and the large amount of objects in the scene, it is impossible for a traditional A* pathfinding method to run effectively, and it takes forever for navigation mesh to bake. Other than these two approches, we also tried some other methods but none of them really worked. So right now the only place where you can get true pathfinding is your base. As soon as AI left the base, they could get stuck easily. We know there must be a way around but we haven't found it yet. So if you had any insight on this, please don't hesitate to share it. PP Hello Folks, According to the feedback from the last alpha test, we decided to spend time on polishing the features we already have by adding details, rather than developing new features. There are some significant progress we have done. 1. Melee Combat: Ammunition will be more scarce. 2. Character Control: Many people has complained about the aiming, so we did some modifications and now it should be easier to aim and shoot. 3. Base Building: We are adding more details to the base building to make it more important. 4. Quest: We have added a few simple missions to the game. The main purpose was to test the quest system. The next step: Polishing, balancing and debugging. A lot of details(UI elements, sounds, interactions) needs to be added to bring a smoother gameplay and that is what we are focusing right now. Hey, Squirrels! We are making progress. From the previous lessons, we figured that moving too fast will only ruin a game..So we shall take our time, to discuss, test, tweak and move to the next step. We are now ready to release beta 2 or alpha 2(don't know exactly which one to use). The link will be sent through private messages. Still, if you are a backer and never received the link, contact me through <email> We have been working on a smaller map in the past two months, because the original 10*10km map is just too large for us now. The small map has everything that the large map has, villages, camps, city, factories...only smaller in scale. It is perfect for gameplay test. We will resume the work on the larger map later. Hello, Squirrels. We re-wrote the game user interface. It is working much better now. And something you may not know . 1. Almost anything you pickup is useful. For example a Kitchen Knife can be put in your kitchen to increase productivity. 2. There are many special regions(A factory, a village, a camp...) that you can occupy and manage. 3. Some of the base structures can be upgraded(for instance, you can add the venting system to a kitchen to increase its environment status) Cheers, PP Hey folks, Good news, we are collaborating with Curse company on FF's official wiki site. <url>~Best PP Squirrels, This video shows the basic character customization and equipment system.There are a lot more to be added but this one should give you a general idea. Many models in the video are placeholders so they look odd. We will change them later. The next update will be about landscapes. FF mighty squirrels, Here we have our newest female character model(we are still working on the male model) and some latest rendering tests. The final character model is customizable(hair, face, texture, scars, clothing-upper body, pants, shoes, shoulders, gloves, head) We will have a video update on character customization and equipment next time. enjoy. Just a few pictures of the game environment. And a video update on Character Customization is coming soon. Squirrels, Here is a video showing some recent work. We also have some progress in coding, including branching dialog system and AI behaviour tree. Hi, Here comes the first update of February. We have incorporated a 24 hour day-night system as well as a dynamic weather system which allows for different types of weather(sunny, windy, rainy....) Some in-game events are closely related to the time of a day and weather. For example, some beasts will only attack at night. The next update will be a video showing some progress on character control, coming on 2/7. Photon Productions Hey guys, The development team is still relocating and trying to settle down. Below is our timeline. January- February: Pre-production February - Jun: Production Jun - July: Pre-beta test July - October: Post-beta development October: Release We are working on pre-production (concept art, back-story, game mechanics and technology). We have made a lot of changes to the technology we use (For example, we replaced our old animation system with Unity4 mecanim system to achieve a more realistic character animation). We will be able to have more frequent updates (including video updates) as soon as we start production in February. Friends, Happy New Year. We wish you the best in 2013! We will keep you updated on our progress. Thanks! Photon Productions 121 squirrels are cheering! You have our deepest appreciation for supporting Forsaken Fortress. Your passion for our game has helped pave the way for its dedicated development! Thanks to your belief, we are very confident and eager to bring this game to you! Now with the funding at hand, we will begin laying out a detailed budget, making plans and hiring new staff. We will stay in touch with you and keep you updated as work progresses. We will send out a survey as soon as possible. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions. We are building up a great community and we welcome you to join our discussion on our Facebook page or forum . We look forward to working with you! Together, we will make Forsaken Fortress the best it can possibly be! And we survived 2012! Merry Christmas Photon Productions Thanks all who have contributed to the project! You have done an amazing job. Thank you for your support and your faith in us. You have just made our dream into a reality! Now the project will move into the development phase. We will post future updates on both kickstarter page and our website. We welcome you to join our forum and to like us on Facebook, to continue sharing your ideas and feedback with us. With only 3 hours to go, we hope we can reach our third stretch goal. We are so close! Please check out our add-ons to see if there is anything you like. A slight push is all that it will take to cross that boundary. We will work hard, and we can't wait to bring this game to you! Thank you! Facebook Forum Website AMAZING! WE DID IT! This project succeeded due to hard work and support from all the backers! We could have never reached this point without your belief in this project! Let's work together for the last few hours! Paypal users can pledge here! The video is outdated. The progress is going much faster than we can imagine. We look sleepy and we know that! The forsaken world is open and seamless and it is driven by a dynamic system. Although the general terrain will not change, everything else in this world will evolve dynamically. Animals and beasts move across the world to find food, water and place to rest. NPCs pursuit their goals(Bandits will try to raid anyone they encounter, hunters go after their preys and survivors will try to....survive longer) Resources will deplete and regrow. (If you hunt too many wild animals, their population will decrease) Weather will change(rainy, windy, sunny) Environmental disasters will happen(Earthquake, solar storm and hurricane) You will never know when the enemy is going to attack your base(they maybe camping somewhere near your base and watching you) You will never predict what you will encounter during an expedition, anything could happen(Ambushed by a squad of bandits, overwhelmed by zombies, caught in a lightening storm or beaten by Atomic Squirrels) It is so unpredictable, what can I do? Always be prepared(Stack up a lot of food, craft enough weapon and ammo and build strong defense) Because you can never expect what will happen tomorrow. Maintain good relationship with your party members and make sure they get alone with each other. A chaos in the base could kill everyone faster than the monsters from the wilderness. Make sure you have enough supplies taking with you on an expedition. You will never know how long you will be out there. The deeper you get into the wasteland, the higher the chance you will not be able to return alive. Train hard. Will the enemy attack my base when I am out on an expedition? It is possible, so you need to make sure your base has strong defense force before you go. And prepare to rush back! Can I send NPC controlled expedition team to the wasteland to gather supplies? We haven't decided on this part yet. Who can you take on an expedition? Anyone in your party, you need to decide whom to take based on what you want to do. If you want to raid a pre-war supermarket guarded by zombies, you may want to take a few guys good at close range combat and a few guys good at scavenging. What will NPCs do everyday? Just like real person, they will sleep, eat, hangout...... You can assign jobs to them such as making weapon and cooking. And their work efficiency depends on their personality and morale. A lazy person will try to skip work as much as possible. What they do everyday is dynamic. They have different life-styles and their action will be influenced by many factors - personality, physical status, emotion, weather.... As the group leader, you don't need to micro manage NPC's daily life, they will usually take care of themselves. But you need to make sure there are sufficient supplies and facilities to support daily life and make sure your people got what they want. All in all, we want to make the characters as realistic as possible. We will go in greater detail on this section later. What can I scavenge from the world? Weapons, clothing, armor, items..... Food(meat, herbs, caned products.......) Water(You need purifier to get safe water) Timber(construction, heat, cooking) Stone(for construction) Metal(for construction, crafting, upgrading....) Fuel(for electricity generation and vehicles) Chemical substance(gun powder, medicine....) Commodity(a radio set, a soap, a pot......some of them are necessities while others are just a bonus to have) Hey guys. FF needs some extra push to reach the goal and hopefully get to a stretch goal or two. Would you like to contribute more to FF and participate in game making? We have deleted some upper level reward tiers which no one has selected, and have instead listed them as add-ons so that they are cheaper. And we believe these add-ons are more interesting to you. These add-ons are limited, not included in any reward tiers, and are only available to Kickstarter backers : ) Your name will appear somewhere in the game($30) &lt;30 left&gt; We will use your name as an item name, minor location name, building name or an NPC’s name. Your name will be used as a major area name($100) &lt;8 left&gt; Johnson Hill, Rose River ... Become a “Radio Channel” in the Forsaken World($350) &lt;3 left&gt; Do you remember the “Three Dog” in Fallout? You will become the same thing. Your voice will be recorded and be played when you turn on a radio. You will design the message you want to deliver, as well as the “personality” you want your listener to perceive. Note that this add-on doesn’t include a game character, which means people won't find an NPC of you anywhere. If you want to have a “physical” appearance in the game, you need the character tier as well. In-game Pet modeled after your pet ($200) &lt;5 left&gt; You will need to provide front and side pictures of your pet and let us know what skills it has. For example, you can give your dog pet a skill of "Food Finder". Please no dragons or anything like that. And please no squirrels. A squirrel is not a pet, it is a god! Design and name a Standard Item(weapon, armor, food or item) ($80) &lt;10 left&gt; You will work with us on its appearance, attribute, function and how you can find this item or the material needed to craft this item. If it is a gun, you need to define its caliber, accuracy, and mag size. Players can find this item easily. Design and name a Legendary Item (weapon, armor, food or item) ($250) &lt;3 left&gt; You will work with us on its appearance, attribute, function and how you can find this item or the material needed to craft this item. This item should be hard to find or comes with a specific mission. Design and name a small In-game Village($650) &lt;3 left&gt; You will provide this town's history, it’s possible residents, its function, its location and appearance. Note that the village is much smaller than the town from $2000 reward tier. Designed and name a Creature($350) &lt;6 left&gt; You will decide its name, characteristics, appearance, attack style, preferred location, etc. Design and name an Architecture ($200) &lt;10 left&gt; You will decide its name, appearance, function and location. It can be your house, your high school, your favorite movie theater, etc. Become a monster lord in the game($500)&lt;3 left&gt; We will make you into a bad-ass human-shaped monster boss. Similar to the character package, you need to provide us your photo, preferred skills, attack styles, preferred location, favorite food and so on. Become an Atomic Squirrel in the wasteland($100,000,000,000,000)&lt;1 left&gt; kidding....:D have a nice day! Note: Your design will be included in the final game and played by everybody. If you have no idea how to design, don't worry, we will work with you. We will also provide a designing guide. You will need to click the "Manage Your Pledge" button, then add in the amount and let us know which add-ons you selected. You can contact us by sending us messages(the button is on the right side of the company logo). And since they are limited, please also check the add-ons section on the main page to see if it is still available, because we can't update the update after we have posted the update.... Btw, if you haven't, please like us or become a fan on our facebook. So we can keep you updated that way too. Thanks! Photon Productions You start the game with a character customization window. You get to decide: Name Sex Appearance Attributes Skills You can customize your avatar and other party member's equipment Body armor Pants Shoes Shoulder-pads Knee-pads Helmet Primary weapon Side arms Accessories(sunglasses, gas mask, backpack.....) You can modify your weapons Barrel Magazine Stock Scope Grip Accessories(grenade launcher, flashlight, bayonet， laser...) What you can get for dinner You need to acquire most ingredient from the wilderness. You can also grow small amount of vegetables in the base . Meat from animals Wild herbs Grain Dairy Hey guys, I made a gameplay video. It is based on the early alpha version of the game we currently have. And there are tons of features need to be added during the development phase but hopefully it will give you a better understanding of what FF is about. Enjoy!!! Hey guys, Since the Christmas is coming, we'd like to offer every backer a special Christmas item. This item will only be offered to Kickstarter backers! 1 in-game Christmas Gift Box($10) &lt;unlimited&gt; You will receive a radio signal at the beginning of the game, providing you directions to find this box. Once you open the box you will get a random item(it can be a weapon, a vehicle, a character, a pet, a special mission and so on....) Whatever you get will not influence the overall game balance. Enjoy!!! How to add this add-on? You will need to click the "Manage Your Pledge" button, then add in the amount and let us know that you want "Christmas box". You can contact us by sending us messages(the button is on the right side of the company logo) Hello, Survivors! WOW! The momentum is really high today! We want to say that we feel so honored! Thanks for all the contribution! And we want to update you on what the team is working on in the next few days. Haoran is making a gameplay video talking about the base and the wasteland. Linlin(Forsaken squirrel) is working on hand-made photo frame and captain's diary. Serina is designing a series of the "bushman" creature. It is not officially named but you can see an example in our #13 Update <url>"hero" and issue general orders(GO TO, FOLLOW, COVERING FIRE....) to your squads. The AI will intelligently act based on your orders. They will try to take cover when under fire or try to revive unconscious comrades, etc. Your squad member's morale and personality will also influence their action. If a character is a coward, he or she may just flee if the situation has gone wrong. To Be Discussed Reinforcement from the base? Artillery support from the base? (Mark the target and call in some hot rocks!) Hey guys, You can add something extra to your reward by selecting add-ons if you want! You will need to click the "Manage Your Pledge" button, then add in the amount and let us know which add-on you want : ) Here are some available add-ons . Please add $10 for international shipping. Enjoy! Digital collector's book($7) An additional copy of the game ($15) Backer only T-Shirt ($15) Backer only Poster ($15) Special handmade photo frame ($25) Special handmade keychain tag ($20) Character and Monster card set($20) Hardcover collector's book ($４０) Limited-Edition Character Miniature ($250) What is in the collector's book? Game arts(concept arts, paintings, landscapes...) Screenshots Stories and setting Characters in FF Monsters and factions Items, weapons, vehicles，facilities..... Fan art and stories The survival guide The making of FF What is the Hand-made photo frame? It is a photo frame designed and assembled by the team, using small metal pieces. What is the Keychain tag? It is also hand-made by the team. Made of metal and wood. What is the Captain's diary? It is a diary notebook with your name on it. And we will put something special in it. :D What is the character miniature? It is a 3D printed and hand painted miniature of a character in FF. What is the character and monster card set? It is a set of collectible cards with characters' and monsters' picture on the front and information on the back. What about the T-shirt ? You can choose one from the three designs. Hey guys! We just reached 40k. Cheers! Today we want to talk more about the characters. Characters in FF have attributes, skills, traits, needs, interests and goals. Attributes: Strength (max carry weight, melee damage), Intelligence (learning capability, persuasion...) and constitution (health, speed, wellness...). Skills: Marksmanship , melee , medic , mechanics , logistics (cooking, cleaning...), research(new weapons, facilities...), manufacture (ammo, food...) and leadership . Traits: Calm - Aggressive , Kind - Cruel , Sociable - Isolated ， Adventurous - Cautious , Quiet - Talkative , Active - Lazy , Friendly - Aloof , Optimistic - Pessimistic , Loyal - Disloyal , Brave - Cowardly , Emotional - Rational . Needs: Food , water , sleep , security , social , entertainment , relationship and accomplishment . Interests: Playing guitar , hunting , cooking , collecting , fighting ...... Goals: Each character has his/her own goals and it will influence his or her overall behavior(This part is still to be discussed) There are dozens of recruit-able characters in the FF world. You may or may not find them and they may find you first. If they think you are a good leader, they may join you. They may turn into enemies if you treated them improperly. Basic attributes can be fortified : You can increase their strength by weight training or simply let them carry a lot of stuff.... Skills can be improved : You can increase their melee skill by martial art training.... Traits can be manipulated : A character may turn from cowardly to brave if he has participated in too many bloody combats. Interests and needs can be fulfilled : If you let a character do what she likes to do, she will be happy. And you need to make sure your base has sufficient supplies to satisfy their basic needs such as food. Relationship : Characters in FF will try to build relationship with each other. They can be friends, enemies and lovers...A character will have his or her own set of preferences(Ellie likes tough guy, and Jim likes nerdy girl....) Hey guys, This is a rough idea of how base should function in Forsaken Fortress. First, you need to design and construct your base(walls, small vegetable garden, electricity generator....) You can only build limited things at the beginning and as the game progresses you will find more blue prints for new structures. You need raw materials in order to build. For example, you need rock for building walls. You need to assign job to your team member(repairing, making ammunition, training....). And you need to keep them all happy. The next update will be Character attributes and traits :D Photon team Hey guys, Just want to let you know what the team is doing at the moment. Linlin and Haoran are working on two videos, one shows basic base construction and the other one shows basic combat and how squad works in the game(since both were not shown in the pitch video). We are also working on details for character attributes and traits. And Naghmeh is painting a kickstarter only poster for all of you. You can use that as desktop wallpaper if you like:) The #8 update will be Base construction video The #9 update will be Character system detail The #10 update will be Basic combat video Thanks! Can you tell us a little bit about Photon Productions and Forsaken Fortress? We are an indie studio comprised of two artists and two programmers and a few helpful freelancers in a small underground bunker near New York. We have known each other for years and are good friends, but Forsaken Fortress is something that really brought us together. We enjoy a lot of video games. For example: Fallout, Jagged Alliance, X-com, the Sims and Diablo. We thought it would be an interesting challenge to combine some of their elements to form a new kind of game. There are a lot of games which have photorealistic graphics, realistic combat, and a massive world view, but many of them were relatively uninteresting. Instead, we wanted to focus on unique game mechanics, character personalities, freedom of gameplay and a dynamically evolving world which has the potential to really draw players in. We want to create a game that follows a fascinating story as well as a world that responds in cause-and-effect fashion. How long has Forsaken Fortress been under development? Forsaken Fortress has been under development for almost 6 months. What types of structures and defenses will be available in the game? In terms of defense structures, we will be seeing structures such as walls, electric fences, bunkers, machine gun nests, and traps such as landmines. For infrastructure facilities, player is able to build rooms, electricity generators, water purifiers, heat generators, and so on. Examples of production facilities are small vegetable gardens for limited amounts of food, workbenches for crafting weapons, chemical labs for making medicine and so on. Although they are not buildings per se, furniture such as beds, tables and storage crates serve similarly important roles, and will also come into play within the base. What types of weapons, vehicles, and armors will be available? Ranged weapons will include various pistols, SMG, rifles, machine guns and rocket launchers. Melee weapons will include items such as knives and axes. Vehicles are mostly light in nature, and are used for transportation purposes. There are different types of armor: Light armor, heavy armor and armor for environmental hazard protection. Note that almost all items can be modified or upgraded. How large will your party be in the game? Can you find additional tea members throughout the game? As of now, we expect that a party may have up to 15 squad members at the one time. You can find additional team members in many different locations and through many different events. Following release can we expect continued support through DLC and updates? We will provide free DLC download for our backers after the game is released. We will provide free DLC download for our backers after the game is released. A few possible expansions we can think of right now are: Expanded story and map. Expanded items, weapons and characters package Expanded monsters package, faction package. Expanded game mechanics (more things you can do in the game) Multiplayer mod for co-op. While exploring the world of Forsaken Fortress, will players happen upon other groups of people? Factions are dynamically evolving in the forsaken world. Just like the player’s party, other groups of people also have a place to stay and they move around for supplies. You may or may not encounter them in the wasteland. And their attitude towards you also changes dynamically based on the encounter. For example, if you and another party are going after the same resources, they might turn hostile. Should the unthinkable happen and Forsaken Fortress doesn't get funded, is there still a chance we can see this game release? We have been working on this game for quite some time, and have put a lot of effort on the concept, game mechanics, coding and other stuff. We will make this game no matter what, since we believe in it. And of course the reality is that if we are not funded, the production quality and duration will be affected. But we will try our best. How about the combat? How does that work? The combat system is real time squad-based. You can divide your combat party into smaller squads (e.g. two squads of three troops each), at which point you can issue orders to a specific squad. For example, you can direct squad one to go to a location, and for squad two to follow. The characters’ AI will react based on your orders, so that you won't have to worry about controlling everything in real time. However, through manual control, you can still retain some degree of tactical strategy, such as flanking the enemy. How does the influence system work? Everything in the forsaken world is controlled by a dynamic influence system. For example,today you brought a boar to the team as dinner. Jim loved boar and he was happy; Liz felt happy as long as Jim is happy. Liz felt happy and she produced more ammo, and you used the extra ammo to hunt even more boars. After wiping out the boar population, however, Jim starves, leading Liz to become depressed and drop ammo output...This dynamic influence system makes the game more unpredictable and different every time you replay. an you talk about the different modes (such as going on missions vs defending the base) It is all about the balance. Building and defending the base ensures that you have a cozy place to go when you need some rest, and going out on missions or collecting resources will get you the required material to sustain your base (go find a boar so you can add a new ingredient to the dinner, but don’t forget some of the survivors are vegetarian). We do not force the way you play: you can choose to stay in the base as long as you want, but you will realize that endless camping is not going to work. How does one "beat" the game? The main way to end this game is to finish construction of a spaceship which is located in the basement of the base. To do this, you need to find all the required components for the ship out in the wilderness, as well as dealing with random events such as machinery failure. Once the ship is complete, they will be able to fly away and end the game.There are potentially other ways to end this game, however, many of which we are still discussing with supporters. For example: your squad may find an abandoned underground city with sufficient supplies for centuries of habitation, or perhaps they encounter and are “picked up” by a friendly alien. Can you talk a little about Unity, and the technologies you will be implementing to make this game happen? Unity is an fast emerging technology. It suits a small studio like us because it is relatively easy to use and learn, and it has a large support community. It has the ability to create AAA visual fidelity, and has reliable performance and allows extensive optimization such as occlusion culling. Unity supports multiple platforms (PC, Mac, Linux, Web player, etc), enabling us to reach a wide audience. Of course, its built in features such as terrains or physics will make the life a lot easier, so that we can focus more on the gameplay. Technologies involved in this game include: pathfinding for dynamic and static obstacle avoidance, draw call minimizing for performance optimization, and dynamic influencing system for AI and world evolvement. Finally, lightmapping, faked shadows and faked ambient occlusion is for better graphics with minimum impact on performance. One technology of note is that the method we use to build our character AI. Our character behavior is based on the aforementioned dynamic influence system. They have needs, personalities, and many other traits to determine their behavior. It adds more complexity to coding in order to achieve realism. The method we use is what we called “Influence scoring”, in which every influence is scored and the more score it has, the more likely the character’s behavior will be affected by this influence. Take the simplest example: Jim has a need to sleep and it scored 70, but at the same time he is assigned a repairing job and since Jim is a workaholic, this scored 80. So it is more likely that Jim will go to do the repair that going to bed. Will there be multiplayer? It is single player for now, considering the amount of work and the budget we have so far. But we all agree that multiplayer would be attractive. We might set it as a stretch goal. is there anything you would like people to know about the game, your company or your vision? We want to give this game a meaning. "Yesterday we destroyed the earth, today we survived, and tomorrow we will depart. But is the destiny of humanity going to end peacefully on planets beyond? The rules of survival may drive us to this point again in the future; the same may happen within our own base. Will people still get along when there is no more food? Perhaps the we pose a greater threat to ourselves than the beasts of the wastelands..." We are very conscious about keeping a video game meaningful. A successful video game should be something that people emotionally attach to. We believe our team members' understandings of psychology and humanity, passion and game creation will come together to achieve this goal while creating something new and exciting. As an indie studio, our best chance of survival is to make something different than others, and create something that gamers will really enjoy. The only way to achieve this is to collaborate with gamers. And as a small team we have the freedom and pleasure to interact with people and to work on deeper game mechanics and meanings instead of making games just for money. Hi ladies and gentlemen, I just want to report our current progress in marketing. We had obvious growth in the last few days but it is still not enough to reach the goal. Our conversion rate is low, at about 6%. I don't know exactly what caused the friction. We have received three website interview requests. I think this is good news. :) Hopefully it will bring more traffic. We made an archive to keep all the marketing information you guys provided. Aside from interacting with you guys, the two of us are working to meet all the marketing points you mentioned. However it is just too hard to follow everything because we are so overwheelmed and I can only work part-time at this moment. Please help us in whatever ways you can(Forums or tell your friends,etc).We really need your help to make it happen.Hope it is not too demanding. And we are trying to get help from people around us. Unfortunately they have very limited experience in terms of Marketing. We also have an archive for all the ideas you guys had. :D We have a vision, which needs refinement. Welcome your participation in our forum. <url>"The wisdom of the ordinary people combined will exceed that of the wisest individual". We use this old Chinese saying as our studio's guiding philosophy. Asian culture is more collaborative, we focus more on group contribution than individual skills. We don't have a super experienced industry veteran like Tim Schafer behind our back, but with all of your intellegence and devotion, we will become the veteran. :) Please keep up with all the ideas! Right now we only have two people working on this campaign, Haoran and Linlin. We are both non-English speakers so please pardon us for the grammar issues. The only native speaker we have is not avaliable at the moment. Please let us know if anything we said doesn't make sense. :D Today, I have monitored a drop in conversion rate from 10% to 6%. Some friends suggest that it is because of the language that is turning people away. We will get someone to proof read soon. We also changed the description of the $15 tier because many people said it was confusing. You will still get the same thing, you don't pay anything more. We just changed the phrasing that is all. :) We will keep update coming as soon as we can! Thanks to all! Hey guys! In the last five days, we have received a lot feedback regarding pretty much every aspect of the game. And we made a few adjustments accordingly. Game Mechanic We want to give this game a lot of freedom. Yes, you have final goal, but how you achieve this goal is up to you. You can choose to let your team rest for a day to boost morale or to go out gathering some more food so you have sufficient supplies for the next few days. Base building with more freedom: Much like the Sims, you can build your base with a lot of flexibility. Design rooms, place equipment and furniture. You need basic life supporting facilities such as water purifier, bed room, electricity generatior, etc as well as facilities to keep your men sane, such as a lobby for party member to sociallize or a training room to train rookies. Character Dynamic: Character's personality, emotion, needs, like/dislike and morale will play a huge part in this game. They can fall in love, hate/jealous. Not only their physical healthy will determine their performance, but also their mental health. There will be week old people, combat veterans, professional housewife, talktive person and trouble makers..... Ethnical Variaty: There will be people from different culture background which has huge inluence on their characteristic, in terms of personality, like/dislike, etc. Combat: we still need to make decision in combat system. It is going to stick with real time for sure. But we still haven't decided to allow control for all squad members(more tactical) or just one(more shooter type). Game Graphics and Aesthetic Attractive Female: Many people complained about the female character to be too attractive:P While some people liked to keep it as it is. We agree that our character now doesn't quite have the feel of being post-apocolypstic. And in the final version, there will still be attractive female, as well as non-attractive ones. And characters will be more covered in dirt, scars and stuff like that. The game graphic shown in the video is pre-alpha, merely for demonstration purpose. Texture is not fine-toned and animation is rough. But we will change everything in the final version. And during development, we will constantely upload progess videos or screenshots on our website. General Aesthetic: Half of the team members are Asians and it more or less affected the general graphical style of this game. Settings and stories The game is set at the final days of humanity on Earth. There will be more than zombies that you should worry about. Beasts, mutants, ghouls, other survivors and so on. The mainstream of ending the game is to finish the spaceship and leave the Earth. But there can be more possibilities such as they found a underground city which has sufficient supply for them to survive for centries, etc. We will open up a discussion board for this! Welcome your ideas! And finally, we have done a lot of marketing recently. It is still far less that enough and we now have only three person working on this campaign. We try our best to reply and provide updates as frequent as we can but there are just so much things to do. Thanks to you guys for all the good ideas and marketing tips. We feel very honored by this! Please keep it up And our forum is up! ! Welcome! <url>