Hi Everyone Sorry for the delayed update. We have been really busy with the Flex Cables in China and have some updates to report. Firstly, we submitted the Flex Cables in the re-designed silicone material for compliance testing, and it still failed. We have learned that a silicone wrap for the flex cable will not work. The softness of the material required to allow the flex cable to bend smoothly can not be obtained without the silicone turning sticky at high temperatures (like in a car). There are some chemical agents that would prevent this from happening but these cause the material to fail the compliance testing. We have therefore switched to a TPR material which is already used in many products sold in the US an EU and will therefore pass compliance testing. We just finished adjusting the molds for the TPR material with a new vendor who has a lot of experience coating electrical wires, bicycle cable locks etc. These new cables will be completed and sent back to our assembly factory within 35 days. Estimated assembly time. is 2 weeks plus shipping to the US. We’ve also had to make some adjustments to the Foundation Dock housing. Our prototypes had 4000 laser cut speaker holes, which looks really cool, however we’ve learned it is impossible to powder coat the docks without filling in the holes. Therefore, the production cabinets will only have 2000 slightly larger holes spaced further apart. We have tested if this would have an impact on the sound quality and it does not. We are very committed to completing this project and getting Foundation Dock out there. Thanks for your understanding and patience in this project. Please know we are doing all we can to get this done; we have no intention of scamming anyone. The accusation that we are thieves is completely ludicrous. We have spent a lot more money than this project raised and have invested a lot of time, personal funds and energy in an effort to get this product finalized, not only to thank our backers but also to get this product into mainstream retail. Dear Backers We have had some changes on the Foundation Dock project, namely our initial designer, Brandon Yamawaki, has left the project and World of Simple to pursue other endeavors. We thank Brandon for his innovative concept and hard work on developing the product and wish him the best. World of Simple has taken over all Foundation Dock manufacturing and development roles and we are excited as ever about completing this project and getting it into market. With the successful completion of the Podi-m project, we have established relationships in China that can benefit Foundation Dock and we are in the process of trying to pass the required compliance testing we discussed in the last update. We re-submitted the Flex cables in the new silicone material and it still failed the test. We have re-formulated the silicone material and will re-submit the Flex cable for testing at the end of this month. Once the Flex cables have passed testing, we will be able to start production on all components and work on the final assembly and packaging. We hope to have this done in the next few months. Again, Brandon is no longer affiliated with the project, so please direct any future concerns or questions to World of Simple here on the Kickstarter page or at www.worldofsimpledesign.com . We are sorry for the many issues this project has faced, but we are confident that we are on track for getting this out in Q1 2014. Thanks so much of your support! Hello Everybody- As you all know our main goal has always been to place the Foundation Dock at retail, so our small company can continue to design innovative and well designed products. We again thank all you kickstarter backers who believed in backing a small startup company and rest assured you will be rewarded with a Foundation Dock. Update: We have just returned from a factory visit and are very confident that our production issues and outright production failures have been addressed and resolved. We have been struggling to pass the required compliance testing to ship Foundation Docks to the US/EU. Of course meeting these standards is guaranteed by our vendor and therefore the vendor is very helpful in resolving these. We are currently failing what is called chemical testing with the flex cables meaning some chemical content is higher than the allowed limits set by the standards. We have resubmitted flex cables made with a silicone material rather than PVS and should receive pass/fail reports back shortly. Equally as important our own quality requirements are not being met for the construction of the flex cables. We are still finding that a large amount of aluminum cradles separate from the soft flexible part of the cable after extensive use. This issue is also believed to be improved by the silicone solution mentioned above. Our PCB boards are in great shape and have passed all requirements. We will keep everyone posted on test results as soon as they become available. Next steps: Flex cables: Pass compliance testing. Pass dynamic testing. Production run/assembly. Final QC inspection. Bulk pack and ship. US receive and ship. Foundation Dock PCB board: Released for mass production. QC production run. Speaker/cabinet/PCB assembly. QC assembly. Foundation Dock aluminum housing: Laser cut speaker holes. (4000 per) Anodize / paint. Final assembly. Final QC inspection. Bulk pack and ship. US receive and ship. We will update this above list as items are being completed. We apologize again for all the delays. We are still as committed as ever to bringing Foundation Dock to fruition and will get this out as soon as possible. To all naysayers, we understand everyone wants their reward items now and we are trying to produce these as fast as possible, however we can't and will not ship a product with flaws. Also a team member who generously is donating countless hours to help our company move forward has been receiving personal threatening communications. This is simply not acceptable and will not be tolerated thus legal actions has been taken. Hey everybody As we mentioned in our last update we had moved production to the PCB board facility to ensure compatibility between the cables and the dock. When we negotiated our Manufacturing Service Agreement with this facility we were assured that they were Mfi certified, meaning that they would be able to purchase iPhone connectors directly from Apple. After transferring tooling and existing components to this new facility, we were informed that they had not actually received the Mfi certification yet, but were only a few weeks away from receiving this. 2 weeks turned into 4 and they have still not received Mfi certification. They assure us they will be certified this week, and when they receive this status they will be able to secure the Apple connectors needed to complete Flex Cable production. We are very confident that our factory is working as hard as possible to obtain the required Mfi because they have invested a lot of resources in setting up the production for our items and without Mfi certification they have no hope of recouping their investment. We anticipate shipping for Flex Cables to begin late Oct with Foundation Dock units shipping mid Nov. We read all the comments and emails, and appreciate the support and enthusiasm, both positive and negative, for this project. We want to re-iterate that we are a small start up company, and we are trying our best to get this completed and in everyone's hands as soon as possible. There is no fraudulent intent here- we received approximately 55k from Kickstarter backers (Kickstarter and Amazon take 10%, plus there were thousands of dollars in failed credit card charges) to kickstart our project and as we have said numerous times- the money raised via Kickstarter has been spent on tooling, materials and set up. The actual production run is financed with our own money, and the idea that anyone has "taken the money and ran" is ridiculous. It has been tough, but we are committed to making an awesome product. Thanks for your support. Hello everybody Its been 5 weeks since our last update, and it has taken us this long to qualify a new factory and establish a Manufacturing Service Agreement which we are happy to announce is finally done. As part of this move to our new vendor for the PCB board we also have had to move the production of the Flex Cable to the same facility in order to obtain a manufacturing warranty and to ensure compatibility between the dock and the cables. This has further delayed Flex Cable completion but we are on track to begin shipping Flex Cables and car chargers in late Sept, with the Foundation Dock shipping in late Oct. Its been a year since we launched Foundation Dock and we have learned a lot about bringing a complex electronic device to market and have made many mistakes along the way, but we are committed to completing this project and getting Foundation Dock into your hands and into stores as soon as possible. We are grateful for your support! Thank you for supporting an up and coming small business! We appreciate your patience! Hi Everyone- This update is long overdue, but I wanted to address all the issues and concerns about Foundation Dock production and shipping timelines. Things have been difficult to say the least- and I certainly don’t expect all our backers to understand just how complicated and involved manufacturing something like this is. Firstly, we are a very small start up company with very limited budget. The money raised from Kickstarter for Foundation Dock after the re-designs, Apple approval issues and manufacturing costs was not enough. We did not foresee the required changes needed to receive Apple approval and the additional costs associated with these changes. We have contributed thousands of dollars of our personal money to continue development and production and are actively seeking additional funding for Foundation Dock because we believe in bringing this product to market and fulfilling our commitment to the people that believed in us. It is still our #1 goal to have this product in the Apple store and other B&amp;M stores in 2013, and that will happen! Being that we are a start up company however, has proven to be overwhelming not just in the lack of funds and manpower but in how we are treated by overseas manufacturing facilities. Money talks in China and Taiwan, and since we do not have a large budget or a large initial production run, we are charged a premium and are repeatedly pushed back by the factory for larger, more lucrative projects. Manufacturing agreements are also difficult to negotiate with new factories and requires material and tooling cost deposits. We are still in the process of producing Flex Cables but we are having serious quality issues with the assembly process to the rate of 7 out of 10 cables fail. Our factory is working to resolve this asap but as mentioned above, every time our assembly line gets shut down we are at the factory’s mercy as to when it will re-commence. The required PCB board design changes were carried out by an American company and sent out for quotation last week. Our initial quotes are about 3 times more than the previous quotes we received from our overseas partners. These designs are now out for quotation at two overseas facilities, and we are expecting to receive these quotes in the next couple of weeks. We are currently qualifying both of these facilities and negotiating a Manufacturing Service Agreement. As it stands we are still going to be shipping out Flex Cables and car chargers first, though we are pushed back another 6-8 weeks. Completion of Flex Cables and packaging will be in August/Sept (hopefully sooner). We will have a firm date in a couple of weeks. There is no fraudulent intent here and the accusation quite frankly, is ridiculous. Kickstarter is a forum for the funding of ideas, and as we’ve said before - its not shopping. We too have backed KS projects, most of which have not yet delivered- and we don’t mind because we are supporting their idea with our donation and hoping to help make it a reality. It will probably take longer than they anticipated and we understand this- we can only hope more backers will feel the same way and look at Kickstarter as the way it’s intended- an altruistic platform for the funding of great ideas. Thanks for your support. Brandon and team Hi Everyone! Not much to add to the last update, just that we are still on track with production and projected dates. Material has arrived at the factory, so far so good. Still waiting for confirmation samples for the Dock PCB board. Please keep me updated with any address changes. Thanks for your patience! Hi everyone! Sorry for the delayed response. We have been busy looking at production samples of parts and we are finding the samples are not meeting our standards for what we are trying to produce. The factory in China has been great in sourcing the appropriate materials, yet when it comes to specific things like how the aluminum is anodized, we are not happy with the final result so far. Also the colors of the Flex Cables are not as fixed as we would like, the color smudges a little bit; and the colors aren't as vibrant as they should be. We are in the process of adjusting these things, and we hope to have perfect samples by the end of the month/ beginning of April. As far as the Foundation Dock base goes; there have been issues also with the PCB board design and making the electronics fit perfectly into the tiny spaces every time. Once we have these issues corrected and have perfect samples, we can approve production and get this thing on the road. We are looking at April for final samples with a May ship time frame. Sorry for the delay we are trying to make this without flaws! Thanks for understanding! Hello Everybody Everyone is back from Chinese New Year finally. We got approval for our 1 dock design (our original design). What this means is we will have 1 Foundation Dock that will work with 30 pin, Lightning and micro USB connectors. Our factory can now proceed with production confirmation samples which will take place over the next 2-3 weeks. If everything checks out, production units will start shipping in the following 30-40 days (after samples have been approved). Sorry this has taken so long! Our initial communications with Apple in regards to the Lightning connector led us to believe this would be a short approval process, but as we know now, it is more complicated than we thought. Thanks again for the support! Hi Everyone! We finally heard back about our re-design, and we have been told we will have an answer by next week. In addition to this delay, we are now running into Chinese New Year, which is a major holiday that shuts down all manufacturing for 2 weeks. We are feeling optimistic that our re-design for 1 dock as originally intended, will go through. We will keep everybody posted as we get information. Sorry again for these issues- we are as excited about Foundation Dock as ever. Thanks- Brandon + Team Sorry we have not updated this page more frequently; we were hoping not to alarm everybody and have our approval in order by the end of the year. However, we have now received an official denial from Apple in regards to the 3rd pty Mfi use of the Lightning connector in the Foundation Dock. We have been asked to make changes to our design and resubmit, which was completed today. We are hoping to have approval in the next few weeks, which would allow us to manufacture our electronics in the following 30 days. All other components are ready to go but we can't proceed with final assembly until we get our approval for the electronics. As it stands, we expect shipping to be delayed by a month. We are sorry for this development, and certainly didn't expect it. From what we understand, other projects are having similar issues with Apple. We will update everyone as we get more information. Thanks for your support! Brandon and team Thanks everyone for completing the surveys! If you haven’t sent yours in, please do so as soon as you can. Also, many people forgot to add the international shipping charge. You can still pay your international shipping charge via Paypal. We are in the process of developing the technical drawings for the surface mount electronics. All of the mold bases for the injection mold tools have arrived and some of the machining has started. Material for the main base has been cut to size, and the vendors are working on integrating the cables into the Flexible arms. We are creating a database of orders, so if your information changes, please contact us at <email> so we can update the database. More to come! Hi Kickstarters! Just wanted to give everyone a quick update since funding closed successfully- thanks to you!!!! We will be sending out surveys via Kickstarter soon to get everyone's final Cable choice, color options and shipping information. We want to send out the surveys after everyone's payments are confirmed through Amazon Payments. There have been many declined payments which could be because you need to update your credit card information with Amazon. Please update your info soon if you are getting the failed payment email from Amazon so we can send you your Foundation Dock! Here's a link to Amazon Payments so you can get your info updated. <url>’ve reached the end of our Kickstarter campaign, and we couldn’t be happier with the results. We just want to take this time to thank you 746 times (we ended up with 746 backers – we know that because we’ve refreshed the Kickstarter page every five minutes for the past five weeks). Thanks to you, we surpassed our expectations, and the Foundation Dock can now become a reality. As soon as our Kickstarter campaign ends, our retail store at World of Simple Design will launch, and the Foundation Dock and Flex Cable packages will be available for preorder immediately ( www.worldofsimpledesign.com ). While you’re there, please be sure to sign up on our mailing list to get regular email updates. I promise we won’t bombard your inbox with spam, just the occasional Foundation Dock progress report or news about the other innovative products we’re designing. Think of it as a really hip version of Skymall without having to sit on a plane or succumb to a full body pat down. Again, we can’t thank you enough for believing in us and being a part of this project. We should go hang out sometime. Maybe we can start a Kickstarter campaign for the price of appetizers, beer, and parking for 746 people . . . or not . . . I don’t know anymore . . . I’m just tired. We did it!! Only a few days left! A huge Thank You to all our Backers, Friends and Family who have supported our vision. We are funded and still going strong. Soon we will be opening the tooling for all of our components. It’s exciting to coordinate all of the talented suppliers that we have brought together for this project. The factory that will be making our aluminum parts is known for their high-end cycling components. And, we have reverse engineered the apple-like finish with local polishing and plating companies to define our finishing process. The flexible neck suppliers have been great with samples and understanding why we have over-engineered our USB housings. We are trying a variety of extruded materials over our cable. It’s down to urethane or silicone. In the coming weeks we will be getting samples of our PCB and speaker. Finally, when funding closes we will order the injection molds, forging and extrusion tooling. We should see first articles in 45 days. Sincerely, Bill Debley World of Simple Design Hey Kickstarters! We have only 7 days left! Please forward the Foundation Dock link to your friends or remember them at Christmas time by giving the gift of Foundation Dock! A cool downloadable Foundation Dock Holiday print out is available here We've gotten some questions regarding the new Apple Lightning Connector and iPhone 5 Aux out accessibility on the Flexible Cable Cradle. The Foundation Dock is manufactured at an Apple licensed manufacturer and all components are supplied directly from Apple. There will be no compatibility issues. The iPhone 5 Flexible Cable Cradle will include a pass through hole in the bottom of the cradle to access the aux out. Hope this clears up any confusion. Thanks for your support! Brandon + World of Simple Hi Everybody! Its never too early to plan for the Holidays, and now is the perfect time to do a little Christmas Shopping! The Foundation Dock makes a great gift for someone who's tech savvy, stylish and loves to be the first kid on the block to have the latest gadget! Or get the Flexible Cable/USB car charger for the person in your life who spends a lot of time in their car. We've made an awesome downloadable PDF Holiday Card announcing your gift that you can print and wrap, so your loved ones know exactly what you got them. Foundation Dock items will ship a few weeks after the holidays so they don't have to wait too long! Do your shopping early and know you've just bought the greatest gift ever...The Foundation Dock. Download your Foundation Dock holiday print out here Hey Kickstarters! We hit our $45k stretch goal today! that means we will be able to add a new Flexible Cable color to the lineup, and so far everyone seems to want to Ferrari Red! Voting will be open until Oct 1, so cast your vote now if you haven't already and tell your friends! We've also got some retail packaging concepts we've been working on. What do you think? Hi Everyone! So far Ferrari Red is in the lead for the next Flexible Cable Color! We still need to make that stretch goal of $45k- we are almost there!! Please share with your friends and help spread the word. And speaking of spreading the word, we could use some help getting more press! We have gotten some amazing reviews and mentions on iMore, iDownloadblog, Cnet, the Verge and iPhoneness, but we have yet to crack the elusive mainstream tech blogs like Mashable, Engadget, Cult of Mac, 9to5Mac, etc. Does anyone out there know any writers from mainstream press outlets or online tech/design blogs that you could forward our project to? We figure it couldn't hurt to ask. In other news- the iPhone 5 comes out tomorrow. We are very excited to have one in our hand soon and will update the page with some photos. One more thing- we have a new blog post! Check out another great way to use your Foundation Dock here Thanks again for all your support! We couldn't bring this cool product to market without you! Brandon + team We've gotten a lot of requests for a new cable color, so we're letting you help us choose the next Flexible Cable color! If we hit $45,000 in pledges we will add the new color to the lineup. Please go to <url>"Fund This". Be sure and check it out! <url>"Enter your pledge amount" field. Ex. You selected the $99 reward and would like to add the car charger for $15. Your pledge amount would be $114 plus shipping, if applicable. We will contact you when funding closes to verify cable color and shipping details. You suggested- we listened! For a limited time- we are offering a Ferrari Red high gloss powder coated Aluminum Foundation Dock! At the $139 Pledge level, you can choose either Limited Edition Matte Black or Ferrari Red Foundation Docks. You choose the color when funding ends, and we confirm your order. We think it looks really cool- let us know what you think! Thanks for the support- Brandon Hi Kickstarters! We have been getting some questions about case fitment in the Flexible Cable cradle. A few people have expressed concern they will have to uncase their phone to use the Foundation Dock. In fact, MOST CASES will fit in the cradle. Any slim case, slider case or bumper works perfectly in the cradle. Any thick, silhouette-altering case most likely will NOT fit in the cradle. As a general rule, if your phone case requires a 30 pin extender to use 3rd party devices, it will not fit in the cradle. With thousands of iPhone cases on the market, its impossible to list all of them here. We have tested a number of cases and here are some popular iPhone 4/4s cases for reference, that work well in the cradle: Incase - Snap Case, Protective Cover, Slider Case Apple - iPhone Bumper Elago - Slim Fit Case Belkin -Essential, Fade Case, Shield Edge Glow Element - Wood Case Speck -Pixel Skin, Gem Shell Uncommon - Deflector Case Case Scenario - Snap Case More to come! Brandon Hi Kickstarters! Thanks so much for the overwhelming support! We've received many questions about the new iPhone 5 connector and the Flexible Cable. When the iPhone 5 is released, we will update the Flexible Cable accordingly. When funding closes our backers can choose the type of cable they prefer prior to shipping. This is a simple redesign and will not delay production. We have also added many new rewards that include the aluminum 2.1 amp USB car charger. We will update the FAQ tomorrow. Please feel free to send your questions and comments! World of Simple + Brandon