Hey Digging Boar Fans, <url>’ve started packing these up for shipping and will get them in the mail this week. Regarding the game, we have actually been making quite a bit of progress! Full Bore has received a host of technical updates that allow it to run more smoothly on more computers, as well as deliver some neat new effects. Casey recently finished an OpenGL render path that will be used in the promised Linux port. The majority of the puzzles of the Temple area are done, as well as the puzzles of an as-of-yet unannounced area of the game. The Temple area in particular will feel very different from what was shown in our Kickstarter demo, both in terms of appearance and gameplay. We also have a few new abilities for Frederick that will not only keep the game interesting longer, but will also help make the first chapter of the game feel new for people who have already played through the demo. What's Next We have few of things planned for April: We will be taking down the Full Bore demo soon as it is getting very dated compared to what we plan on delivering as the final game. Creative Edition backers will get an early release of the Temple area in a couple of weeks. We will release a new trailer once we put some polish on our latest bit of work. Depending on what we decide to put in this trailer, this could take a few weeks. Our next major game task is the Mechanical Castle - it represents one of the last two major pieces of gameplay that we have left on our plates and we’re planning on having a lot of fun with it. Now the big question that I am sure everyone has on their mind is... When is Full Bore coming out? Based on our prior experience with deadlines and some other things like preparing for a Steam Greenlight campaign, we are not willing to commit to a revised ETA right now, but realistically we have to finish the game within a couple of months. Keeping an aggressive schedule will be hard work, but we’re dedicated to the task. We hope you are all looking forward to our next update! The Whole Hog team has been assembled in the same place today, so we're live-streaming our development to the world! If watching live-streams is the sort of thing you are in to, watch us work at <url>– Second Playable Character For Everybody This new female playable character would swap places with Frederick in the main story. She's just the average everyday sow to Frederick's boar, and has the same average everyday boar-abilities. Like being able to break rocks with her face . We don't have a final design for this character yet, but we'll post an update about her if we meet this Digstarter goal. 9999 Gems is still a secret to everybody Keep up the good work everyone. Get the demo in to the hands of everyone you know and that gem count will soar! Play the Full Boar Demo by using Wine Thanks to the efforts of Full Bore backer Daemoneye , Full Bore's Demo is now able to run using Wine ! Do note that this is not how we plan on doing ports if our stretch goals are reached. We believe strongly in native ports and absolutely want to get Full Bore running native on Mac an Linux. We will maintain this dedicated page with updated instructions and troubleshooting help, but here is something to get you started: Full Bore Demo V4 has been confirmed to run on Wine 1.4+ , may work on Wine 1.3 but will not work on earlier versions. This also means Full Bore's Demo may run on Intel Macs (maybe with Wineskin ?), but we have no way of testing this. If you try running it this way, please let us know at fullbore@wholehog-games.com. Installation: Before running the installer, you will need to install the necessary libraries. We strongly recommend that you use Winetricks to do this. Using Winetricks: Select a wine prefix (i.e. default) Select “Install a Windows DLL or Component” Install these packages: d3dx9 , d3dx9_43 , vcrun2010 Without Winetricks: Like on Windows, you will need to install the following somehow: June 2010 DirectX redistributable And, if it is not installed by the Full Bore installer automatically, the Visual Studio 2010 Runtimes Afterwards, just Run FullBoreSetupV4.exe and play Full Bore! If Full Bore doesn't appear to start, try running from the terminal and send me a copy of the output. (On a default wine configuration, Full Bore should be in ~/.wine/drive_c/Program Files/Whole Hog Games/Full Bore/) Important Compatibility Notes: Under Wine, switching from full screen to windowed mode or changing the V-Sync setting will cause Full Bore to crash. The root cause for this crash has thus far eluded us, but if you would like to help out feel free to email us at fullbore@wholehog-games.com. Performance seems to be on par with windows, but users with 3D-accelerated desktops may experience some slowdown and are advised to disable desktop 3D acceleration if possible. A work around for these issues is to use the following command line switches (these will also work on Windows): -w : start in windowed mode -v [ on | off ] : -v on to turn on vsync, -v off to turn it off -f : makes Full Bore use 1280x720 as its full screen resolution rather than the desktop resolution. Today we are proud to share the story of the amazing people behind the music for Full Bore - The Adjective Plural Noun . These guys deserve the spotlight just as much as we do, as Full Bore simply would not be the same without their contribution. In recognition of that fact, we've decided that a sizable chunk of every pledge that includes a Soundtrack download will be going directly to our esteemed musicians so that they can make us even more incredible music! Those of you pledging $20 or more, give yourselves a pat on the back - you're now supporting twice as many artists! But first, the good news! The Digstarter has already passed the 4500 gem mark and that means that incidental character names will now be pulled randomly from the list of Backers. Congratulations everyone! Because of this unexpected wellspring of digging boar enthusiasts , we may well have to think up one final Digstarter goal by the end of the weekend... Linux Support via Wine First, let us stress that we absolutely want to do a native Linux port , but thanks to the help of one of our Linux-user backers, Full Bore looks like it is very close to running on Linux via Wine! Our programmer Casey is currently working overtime to fix some tricky compatibility issues, but it looks like Full Bore can and will be able to run on Wine- though possibly in a reduced capacity. We hope to have a final word on Linux+Wine compatibility in a day or two. Stay tuned! New Music We're proud to share with you a fantastic new track that is not featured in the demo. The new song, La Cueva Oscura , takes you through the grinding gears of Full Bore's final area, the Mechanical Castle. <url>ña is a second grade teacher living in Cloverdale, CA. He is the main guitarist, producer, and composer for The Adjective Plural Noun , as well as a guitarist and vocalist for First Take Rosa . Matthew Schulman is a musician and student living in San Francisco, CA. He currently plays in First Take Rosa with Miguel and Jeffrey and just started another as yet unnamed band with his former roommate. Jeff is a bassist and freelance musician based in Sebastopol, CA. Years ago he took lessons with Gio Benedetti of Toast Machine . The lessons were brief and the potential was not realized until he came to First Take Rosa . Their Story The Adjective Plural Noun is the musical component of Full Bore. It is primarily the brainchild of producer/composer Miguel Acuña, with the indispensable support of Jeffrey Morrison and Matthew Schulman. Much like the Whole Hog Games crew, the guys from TAPN have known each other since high school, but didn't start making music together until they were in their twenties, as the band First Take Rosa . This began as the duo of Miguel and Matt – both in transitional periods of their lives and rediscovering their affinity for playing music together – and would be joined a few months later by Jeff. Although Miguel had originally intended to complete the soundtrack as a solo project, with Jeffrey still living nearby it became evident that his bass skills would be a valuable asset to the project. After a successful session recording Jeff's part for the first song Go Full Bore , Miguel and Jeff agreed that they should continue to work on the project together. “Jeff's playing throughout the soundtrack is excellent,” says Matthew, “and tracks like Dynamite Cave-In and Bedrock really showcase his songwriting capabilities.” When Miguel moved to San Francisco for the Summer of 2012, he was reunited with his erstwhile bandmate Matthew, who got involved in the project in much the same way that Jeff did. “Matt and I have been very close friends for years,” says Miguel. “Even when I was terrible at guitar, there was nobody I liked playing with as much as Matt. We communicate well musically. We started First Take Rosa together. It seemed like a natural choice to have him on as part of the project, so when I moved to the city I invited him over and we recorded The First Dig into Hard Earth .” <url>“This version of Pro Tools is so basic, it's forced me to learn a lot about production in a fairly short amount of time,” remarks Miguel. “The biggest lesson is, do as much as possible to dial in the perfect sound before recording, because chances are you won't be able to fix it later.” On the subject of composition, Jeff had this to say: "Most of my style was influenced by Flea (Michael Balzary) of Red Hot Chili Peppers fame. What I do is simple. I proactively practice all of my scales and modes up and down, in any key that sounds nice at the time. I get my hands comfortable with playing by intuition. Once my hands are linked to my brain...I sing along with my inner voice and translate that into the motor movements required to make the music I hear in my head." One of Matthew's most notable contributions is the lead guitar track for the song titled Varaha , after the character and Hindu deity of the same name. “For this song,” says Matt, “I relied heavily on modes, unusual scales formed by revolving a scale around a degree other than its first degree. However, while modes are most often formed from basic major or minor scales, in writing Varaha , I mapped out all of the modes for a particular Southern Indian raga. From these modes I figured out what patterns I could use where and just messed around until I found something that sounded cool. For the chorus, I pretty much ignore the scale altogether but for some reason it still works.” <url>"V3" demo, hidden mysteries will now be properly disappear from the map when collected (this applies to mysteries already found.) Starting today, we are challenging our Backers and the general public to try to find as many gems as possible! Find enough before funding ends and we will shower our backers with fantastic rewards . So get out there, send the demo link to your friends, send in tips to your favorite websites, and most importantly, start finding gems. Also, starting today, keep an eye out for Digstarter billboards scattered around the levels. These get updated roughly every 15 minutes so you can check out how everyone is progressing. How do I participate? If you have not played the game recently, be sure to download the latest demo , then hit ESC, and check that the Send Feedback option is set to Yes , so that we can see how many gems you have found. If you have had this disabled before, don't worry, your previous progress will still be sent in. What are the Rewards? There are currently three goals to reach, but blow through all of these fast enough and we will think of something more. As of the time of this writing, the gem count was already 3229. Each player has the potential to find 80 gems , so these goals aren't that far off. 3800 Gem Reward If this goal is reached, backers will be able to stand out in screenshots with dazzling "Kickstarter Green" eyes... ...and be able to demolish nearby blocks with the power of generosity! (Screenshot is a mock-up.) 4500 Gem Reward Live forever as a minor character in Full Bore! Names used in lore text will be chosen randomly from the pool of participating backers when you start the game and will be different for each player. 5400 Gem Reward This huge hall will be a monument to everyone who has backed Full Bore. It will be filled with rows and rows of... tubular... monuments... and special boxes... With at least 250 players to honor, this room has the potential to be the biggest area in the game and will be a huge undertaking, but if everyone can come together and get the gem count up to 5400 we will make it and it will be awesome! Thanks for reading, thanks for playing, and don't forget to tell everyone you know: The Full Bore Digstarter has begun! The Full Bore demo has been updated due to popular demand! This update has no new content, just feature requests from our backers and other players. Download the new demo today! Simply install this demo over the old one and start playing. New Features and Changes Key Config: The keyboard controls for Full Bore are now fully configurable and come with two defaults: WASD movement and Arrow key movement. Bug Fixes: If Full Bore was crashing on start-up, now it shouldn't! If it still does, let me know and Casey will fix it while hanging his head in an appropriate display of shame. V-Sync Option: V-Sync can now be disabled in game, which might improve performance for people running Full Bore on older systems. Language Select Option: Full Bore has a partial Japanese translation that is enabled automatically on Japanese Windows installs, but now you can use it (or stop using it) at will. Feedback Upload Option: If you have changed your mind about sending us your gameplay information after running the game for the first time, now you can change your mind. This will be important for... reasons... to be revealed later. Lastly, we've put up a FAQ to answer some of the questions we have gotten about the demo. If you have any issues, check there first. Hi everybody! Finn here, Whole Hog Games' chief of arting, and I have a couple visually oriented tidbits for you before the holiday. Firstly, The enthusiasm from our backers has been phenomenal! Every time our funding chart tries to flatten out into the mid-project plateau, more people come along and pledge their support for us. Thank you all so much. Secondly, I would like to reveal Varaha, the mysterious second foreman of the Full Bore Mining Co., Who has been away studying the ruins beyond The Big Door. Years of hanging around ancient and unstable technology have changed him into something somewhat... different... from the boar that he was when he went in. Frederick must enlist his help to unravel the puzzles of the vast underground temple that he has been studying. His name comes from one of the avatars of Vishnu in Hindu mythology: <url>