Hi Backers! It's been a while since I completed the campaign, and sent out thousands of combs to ~850 backers — it was quite the journey. Thanks again for your support, it was a huge step in go-comb's growth in the last year. Updates Maxine is here! Who's Maxine? Maxine is the new laser cutter I purchased, thanks in large part to you. It took longer than expected to find a good laser and to be confident about the purchase, which is why your personalized combs through the campaign were etched locally, so that I could meet the holiday deadline. Maxine is a 30 watt Epilog Mini, which I purchased used (and it was still a hefty price but she's worth it). I'm happy to say Maxine is all settled in and ready to churn out custom go-combs, allowing us to personalize in-house and ship quickly! Check out personalized go-combs here . Here's Maxine in action: Spring Line of Metals Our coated metal designs are winning the popularity contest, so I've released new designs and colors for spring. Plastics have been going well, but I'm considering changing the production process to injection molding (vs die cutting as they are now). It will be another big investment, but I'm determined to find the best method. Discount for Backers If you'd like to add to your collection or gift a go-comb, use the code SPRINGKICK on go-comb.com to get 15% off your order, through April 30! Feedback &amp; Product Suggestions Survey The best way to fine tune go-comb is to learn from you; most of my product improvements have been a result of reviews. Soon I'll be sending a 1-minute survey out to gather product/Kickstarter feedback, I'd greatly appreciate it if you could share your thoughts. Haven't received your go-comb? Oh no! Please reach out to me if you haven't received what you ordered and we will get it squared away — everyone should have received their combs by now (heather@go-comb.com). That's all folks! Happy Spring and thanks again, -Heather P.S. If you want to stay abreast of the goings-on at go-comb, follow us on Instagram , Facebook or Twitter . Hi Backers! The last big batch of combs shipped a few days ago, personalized brass mirror: If you ordered Brass Mirror, you should receive them by the end of this week if you're in the US, and within 2 weeks if you're abroad. A few had to be redone — if yours is one that needs to be remade, I emailed you earlier today, thanks again for your patience. Holiday Discount - Just for you! As a thank you for backing my campaign, I created a 10% off coupon code: GOCOMBKICK . If you liked your go-comb and want to pick up more as gifts, you can use this discount until November 30 . We're offering gift packs too for extra savings, including assortments for men and women: Note we don't have personalized combs listed on the site yet, they might be available around Dec. 10. Questions about your order? If you haven't received your order (and didn't order brass personalized as those are still en route), or if you have any other questions, please email me at heather@go-comb.com and I'll be happy to help! Thanks all! Heather Hi Backers, Just wanted to send a quick update on the brass personalized combs — they are en route to the last step in manufacturing, and I'll need some time to package and prep the orders after that. I expect to be shipping personalized brass the week of 11/10, still plenty of time to deliver before the holidays if you purchase yours as a gift! Thanks for your patience, this is the first time we're doing personalized stainless steel and brass so it's taken a little longer than expected. All my best, Heather P.S. reminder if you have any questions or concerns about your order, you can message me on Kickstarter or email me at heather@go-comb.com Hi Backers , I wanted to update you on the personalized combs — the first batch (stainless steel) arrived and look GREAT. Just spent a good chunk of my evening alphabetizing all 300 of them! Single and sets of 5 personalized stainless steel combs will be going out over the next couple days, and I'm expecting to receive brass personalized by the end of the week. Reminder again that orders with multiple rewards are being held until all of the rewards are here and ready to ship, but I *expect* to ship everything out by the end of October, as promised! Thanks and if you have any questions you can reach me at heather@go-comb.com! Best, Heather Hi Backers , All Julia Rothman design single-combs are going out today! You should have received a shipping notification to your email address that's connected to your Kickstarter account. US backers should get them next week, international backers within three weeks. Here's a pic: Thanks again to the talented Julia Rothman for creating this beautiful design. As always, please email me if you have questions or concerns about your order: heather@go-comb.com. Thanks and have a great day, Heather P.S. Reminder that if you ordered multiple rewards, they will all ship out together as soon as they're ready! Hello go-comb backers! Just a quick update here. Still working on production, see below for specific updates on each reward type. While your combs are being produced, I'm getting a head start on shipment preparation for all 846 packages :) Plastic Combs These are at the decorators, and will be stamped out into combs hopefully by the end of the week. Estimated ship date: Mid-Oct. Julia Rothman Combs Just saw the print samples — they look great, I'm so excited my first artist collaboration is with Julia. See a pic below! Estimated ship date: Mid-Oct. Aqua Steel Combs These are currently being coated in the fresh aqua, and will be ready to ship mid-Oct. Personalized Stainless Steel &amp; Brass Combs These are all getting their messages etched onto the combs, before they get their smooth, clear coating. There are almost 700 personalized combs, so in order to ship each comb to the right backer, we'll need a little extra time to keep organized. Same estimated ship date as before, late Oct. Custom Combs We're moving at our own pace with these, but once I have designs to share (with permission of course) I'll post updates on these! Reminder that if you ordered multiple reward types, we'll wait until all of your go-combs are ready to ship together. If you have any specific questions on your order, feel free to email me at heather@go-comb.com. Thanks! Heather Hello backers! Chugging along here to get your go-combs out on time. I want to share a quick update on how production is going: Plastics &amp; Julia Rothman: The plastic go-combs are going smoothly and will likely be done first! Julia Rothman designs will take a little longer, given they require a multi-color decoration. Expected ship date: Early Oct. Personalized Stainless &amp; Brass Mirror: Just finished my first set of personalized brass samples, they turned out great - see photo below! The personalization adds an extra step to the process, so I expect these to ship by late Oct. Mixed Orders: If you ordered more than one reward, your entire order will ship together, as soon as all your go-combs are ready. Finalizing Your Order Details If I'm missing your shipping address or details on your order, I'll be in touch in the next week! Message me on Kickstarter if you have questions or need to change your shipping address, as you won't be able to do so through the survey after the next 48 hours. Thanks all! Heather Hi go-comb backers, Thanks again for backing go-comb — without your support we wouldn't have been able to meet our goal. We're already gearing up for production, and we're excited to deliver your go-combs as soon as possible. In case you haven't heard already, you can add more rewards to your original pledge. Go-combs make awesome gifts and stocking stuffers, especially the personalized combs, offered exclusively through the campaign at 33% off the future retail price: Stock up on your gifts now, and they'll arrive by October! If you'd like to increase your pledge, simply edit your pledge on the campaign page , and add the amount of the other reward you'd like to add (ex: if you ordered a $10 plastic comb and want to add 5 personalized stainless ($60), change your pledge to $70). At the end of the campaign I'll send you a survey asking for the details on your additional options. For detailed instructions on adding shipping if you're international, please see the first FAQ on the campaign page. If you're set and happy with your current pledge, please take a moment to share the campaign with your friends: <url>— the metal combs are just a tad thicker than a credit card, and the plastics are a little over twice as thick as a credit card. All fit right into a credit card slot in any wallet. Dimensions are approximately 2 x 3.25". Here's a photo for reference: I hope this helps! - Heather Wow we made it already! Thanks so much for all of the support, it's been great to see familiar faces and tons of new folks backing the campaign. Keeping up the momentum... As you might know, on Kickstarter you aren't able to receive any of the raised funds unless your goal is achieved. With that in mind I set a fairly low goal, figuring what it would be worth to create the campaign. If funding stopped today , I would have enough to offset *some* of the production investments for go-comb, but would still be contributing significantly from my personal savings. I would love to be able to offset more — plus — the more funding I get, the more I can reinvest in developing new styles for you! Either way, I'm very grateful and excited to get to this point. Thanks again, and please continue sharing the go-comb story! All my best, Heather Hi all, Thanks so much to everyone who has backed the campaign so far, I'm so grateful for your support and for those who have shared with their friends. Some people have asked about adding on to their original pledges, say if you want 3 combs, or one personalized brass and one personalized stainless. If you'd like to do this, you can add the appropriate amount to your original pledge, and I'll collect the additional order information at the end of the campaign through a survey. Ex: if you'd pledged for a plastic comb ($10) and also want a personalized stainless ($16) simply increase your original pledge by $16. Feel free to message me with any questions, and please continue to tell your friends! All my best, Heather