Hey guys, we've entered into a new month, so lets kick it off with some more cave enemies you’ll be facing. Charles has been trying out a slightly different approach when it comes to presenting the final piece so be sure to let us know what you think! They’ll take you under to the depths Stage 2 is unique in that it will include some underwater segments in it. Included in these waters is a predatory sea creature, one with powerful snapping jaws and tentacles! What else could it be but the dreaded Orctapus !? This creature is a cross between an orca and octopus, two animals that felt appropriate given the ice/crystalline theme of the caves. I started out with drawing reference materials of octopi and orca to get a good feel for distinct characteristics while its attack patterns were being designed. The enemy works as a common grunt that wants to mess up Jouren’s day with an attack and chase pattern. Preliminary designs led me to take the orca’s head and torso while incorporating tentacles into the tail. I really liked the silhouette of this design so I began expanding on it further. The Orctapus was ending up predominantly orca on the front end, so I wanted to make its mouth unique and played around with a split jaw to start putting monstrous qualities to it. At the time I had stumbled upon an image of a leatherback turtle’s mouth and it gave me the idea to incorporate an iron maiden like mouth that would make sure the creature meant business as it attacked its prey. In terms of the tentacle tail count, I opted to go with four instead of eight as (for me) it created visual clutter in its design in relation to the proportions I was playing with while trying to make it look like a cohesive creature. I also decided to put tribal like paint on the Orctapus’ body because it was a good opportunity to affiliate it with the Witch Doctor boss through similar paint patterns. Throw all that together and you have a terrifying adversary for Jouren to face! Beware! They go cluck in the night! This one was much more straight forward. This enemy has been with the game since the beginning and as mentioned in the Witch Doctor update it’s also a common grunt enemy. The design went through a few iterations and was going to be featured in the Forest level. Ultimately, it was moved over to the cave level as it felt more appropriate, and though it had gone through a few different design iterations, the Cave’s theming meant it had to undergo some tweaking one more time. Trying to draw a lot of the enemy’s designs back to the level’s boss, a lot of it came down to figuring out what traits would solidify the idea of a henchman under a Witch Doctor. Crystal and bone were good visuals for the Witch Doctor so I took those elements to see what I could come up with for the Vampire Chicken. Similar to the Witch Doctor, using a skull mask was a cool opportunity to make them blind, and it worked out really well as bats are often believed to be blind as well as giving the impression that they are “blind followers” to the causes of evil. In the same vein, the crystalline element worked out as growths and claw appendages on its wings. The final rendition is a blood sucking clucker you really don’t want to mess with! That it for today’s update, hope you enjoyed the different art approach and be sure to leave any comments and suggestions about colours and whatnot below! See you next time. Hey guys and gals, welcome to yet another Grapple Knight update, this one is a little more on the technical side but it foretells some exciting stuff so we will get through it quick! Beta Access with Gonz Forums, we all know what they are and how useful the can be to bringing the ideas and passions of a community into the one place. What would a forum mean for Grapple Knight and its backers? The implementation of a private and secure forum on the Red Knight Games homepage would allow us to upload beta only builds for backers to play and provide feedback on as well as allow discussion over gameplay and abilities to occur. Your feedback is invaluable to us which is why it is so important that we get these forums set up. Traditionally when demos or features are presented to the public, we need to polish them up a fair amount so as not to deter any potential future players. But for the people that have already seen the merit in our game, it opens up a golden opportunity to let you in on various level and feature experiments in their raw form, allowing you to give real and decisive feedback for its direction. Once the forums are set-up, backers eligible for the beta will receive invitational emails where you will then create an account and log in allowing you to read and comment on our developer posts and start threads of your own, as well as allow you access to the latest beta builds we have on hand. In the week or two following the forum launch, we will also look at completing and sending out sprite heads for forum users to upload as avatars if they so choose. We may also look at uploading in progress artwork and designs, allowing for an even greater level of feedback. We want to make sure that we have the best and most robust system available so that the community will have room to grow as well as allow us to do some potentially fancy things. We have a few options we are currently looking at but if any of you know of a particularly awesome system you have had the pleasure of using in the past, then be sure to let us know and we will definitely have a look at it for comparison! Thanks for reading and our next update will be coming soon within the next few days! As promised we have our second update for you guys this week so hold onto your hats and lets get into it! Designing Death Hey guys, its Charles here, coming at you with another update, this time I’ll be going through my design journey for the Cave Boss of Stage 2! When we first started concepting enemy designs way back when, the idea of animal hybrids was one of the most popular being thrown around. A Vampire Chicken was amongst the craziest ideas we had at the time, we felt it was a funny concept so we drafted up how they would work. Since then they've been worked into the game as one of the primary grunt type enemies you’ll encounter in Stage 2. Once we had determined the enemies basic design and theme, we felt it would be fitting for all these vampiric chickens to be controlled or led by someone. I started off by making the boss feel similar to the Vampire Chickens in the stage with its bird-esque qualities, but felt that I was forcing a design that didn't quite fit. This was mainly because the boss’ attack patterns were being worked out in tandem with its visual design. We were going for a spell-caster archetype and one of the attacks was to include the summoning of minions. After some pondering I decided it didn't make sense to push the bird aesthetic when I had the chance to really go crazy with the whole spell-caster idea. Given the game’s natural world setting, I wanted the boss’ magic to feel rooted in nature and that's when the tribal theme came up. As I explored the idea further, I found the thematics of a witch doctor played really strongly into what I was trying to achieve. While working on various concepts I tried to always hit a few core points such as the association with death, contrasting sizes in body parts (i.e. small and thin upper arms going into big, decorated forearms), and seeing what about the stage’s theming (icy and crystalline) I could incorporate into that. I played around with headdresses, skull helmets, feathers, crystals, and bones, which were all good props to incorporate, but the problem was trying to see what animal hybrid could really fit the thematics of a witch doctor well. Some of the initial animal combinations included a reptilian head crossed with a mammalian body, which offered some cool shapes, but ultimately not what I wanted to represent a witch doctor as well as being too similar to the Cave Turrets showcased in the previous update. Gonz had suggested looking into animals like the otter and the mongoose, and that helped a lot. The mongoose was especially interesting because of its inherent angry expression and unique eye shapes. I took the idea further, trying to incorporate elements of a cobra as I found they shared a deadly rivalry which I thought was cool as well as being somewhat ironic if I was able to pull it off. I felt I was going in the right direction with this, but at the same time the initial sketches had the creature coming off more like a higher level enemy brute; there was also a certain lack of snake, which I wanted to rectify as I felt it dealt with the death theme nicely. Upon further research, I came across a picture of a water mongoose skull, its bone structure really intrigued me. I did a rough sketch, and remembering the themes of Stage 2 (icy and crystalline) had given me an undeniable opportunity to start incorporating them into the boss’ physical appearance. What I ended up with was a really firm grasp on what I wanted for the boss and through some further tinkering I was able to create something that ticked all the boxes for me. This necromantic Witch Doctor will use his minions and dark magical energies to ensnare, destroy, and enslave all those who trespass on his subterranean realm. We hope you've enjoyed this behind the scenes look at the boss’ visual design and be sure to keep your eyes peeled for our next update in the next fortnight. Hey everyone, First of all, we’re very sorry that this update has come really late, we know we wanted to get updates out much more frequently and we've failed you. In our last update, we lost our Art Director and Environmental Artist, as stated then we weren't able to fund his job further and since then we've been operating as a skeleton crew of the core three members to keep development costs down. Since the reshuffle, we haven’t been able to keep up the usual pace of work we’d been able to when the game had a simpler (and less impressive) art style. In addition to this we've had to find some casual work to keep the business and project afloat. You may be wondering, “What about the Kickstarter money?” and rightly so. Our response to that is that we have chosen not to use the funds you provided us to pay for any day to day living or even small business expenses and have instead put them aside for your rewards (materials, printing, postage, etc). As a result we have not been able to accumulate a lot of content to show you guys over the course of the update. We realise that the initial release date projection of February this year was very premature and the result of an inexperienced dev team, we apologise to the people who have been eagerly awaiting to play Grapple Knight. However, we can still say that we are very committed to making sure this project is finished to the best of our ability and to the quality that was promised. With that said, we do have some content lined up in the coming weeks including character designs, new environment art and beta/backer forum information. We will be starting with an artistic design journey of one of Jouren’s enemies that will be featured in the second level of the game, the Cave. Cave Turrets by Charles This enemy basically functions as a turret along the walls, floors and ceilings where it fires projectiles along angular or direct paths to the player, hindering their movement. We decided we wanted to make the turret a living creature so that it could reposition itself if need be, so we started rattling some ideas off the top of our heads and played around with elements such as protective turtle shells and feline qualities. When looking into these designs further, I found that the initial animalistic qualities didn't lend themselves well to an enemy created by an evil mastermind. I continued to see if I could preserve these same qualities with other animals such as snails and raccoons. I realised I wasn't really getting anywhere and decided to try to lay down some new silhouettes. I had particularly liked the angular lines coming off some of the shapes and a really nice opportunity came up to incorporate more of the levels design and theme: an icy and crystalline cave. With that in mind, I moved to a lizard like design, as it lent itself well as a cave animal that could function as a stationary enemy as well as fire off projectiles at the player from a safe distance. I was happy with keeping the lizard design, but as I experimented with different head shapes I discovered I could incorporate some more mammalian features from a dog or raccoon to better push the hybrid feel we want to strive for with enemy designs. Finally, after a bit of clean up and taking more animal reference cues, I added a bit of basic shading and here we go, our new enemy cave turret! We hope you enjoyed what these step by step designs had to offer, as all these and more will be among the many things going into the backer art books and game manuals. Closing and Sneak Peak While this update isn't quite as feature rich as our last one, we want to start doing smaller, more frequent updates and interact with you guys more. Not having a lot to present felt like a big deterrent as it didn't seem fair to you guys, but we realise keeping quiet for so long is just as much not fair. While our circumstances have slowed down our pipeline, we want to make sure our communication with you guys can be better and remain one of our top priorities as without you guys, we wouldn't be here. Therefore we will be committing ourselves to either weekly or fortnightly updates to keep you all informed and to help keep us on our toes. With that said, we plan on taking you guys on another design journey in just two days time on Friday with a new enemy! Who or what could it be? We won’t say, but here is a little snippet. Hey everyone, welcome to Grapple Knight’s first post campaign update! First thing’s first, we are terribly sorry for the lack of communication since last December, we have been horrible when it comes to keeping people informed of what we have been doing and we promise that we will try to not let it happen again. A lot has happened since we last spoke and we will try to touch on as many of those points as possible without running on, but boy do we have some exciting stuff to show you all too! Why the long silence? First and foremost the biggest source of delay since the end of the kickstarter has been that the agreement we had initially worked through with our art director and environment art contractor had fallen through due to not having adequate paperwork sorted out between the two of us. It was a really stupid move in hindsight but he was an old friend and we never imagined that things would come back to bite us in this way but lesson learnt. If you want to work with someone, never bring them on without a proper contract written and signed by both parties regardless of who they are and how well you know them. Without getting into too many specifics, it got super expensive to keep him on as a contractor so we had intended to back pay him what we owed him with the funds from kickstarter and carry on the rest of development with just the core members. He had expected more hours and more pay out of the project and because assets hadn't been properly signed over in any kind of paperwork, the rights of all the assets he created still lay with him (yeah we know we are idiots but it’s always the punch you don't see coming that gets you). The negotiations from that point onwards got quite messy and time consuming, after the deliberations what it came down to was that we would be able to keep all the work he had contributed minus the stage backdrops and the level tiles (all other designs and works were secured). So it is now on us to recreate and replace any and all uses of his environment art ASAP. All these things have contributed to the silence and lack of updates from us in one way or another but now that the major issues have been sorted, we are free to move forward with Grapple Knight so that we can get it into your hands! So what have we been up to? Grapple Knight has gone through several visual iterations and the look that you see now is what we've decided upon. As a result we've had opportunities to go back over old designs and make them bigger and better than ever. One example of this revision is the Stage 1 Boss, the Thoar! The idea of the Thoar's design came from the combination of characteristics of the boar and an armadillo girdled lizard. The old design did achieve some of this but it didn't quite sell the idea of a hybrid between the two animals. The main issues with the old one was that is felt like it wasn't borrowing enough inspiration from the lizard as well as looking a little too clean for a mighty beast that has been living in its wild domain. That being said when it came time to design the Thoar to match the new visuals, we took the opportunity to really make sure to hit on those points. The proportions were cleaned up and the Thoar's colour palette was shifted over to sell a wild image with darker colours for furs and untamed growths of purple. In addition to this, the design was modified to include more of the armadillo lizard with scales on the Thoar's legs, its plated back armour looking more pointed, as well as craggy facial features to show toughened skin. Overall, we’re very happy with this redesign and we hope you guys like the new look too! Towards the end of our Kickstarter campaign we were approached by the amazing people over at Humble Bundle who offered us the use of their Humble Widget and Humble Store services much like you would see used by other successful Kickstarter games such as Shovel Knight, Delver’s Drop, and Chasm. Now, we knew that we would have these beautiful widgets and an amazing service to help us continue generating funds and delivering content leading up to and after Grapple Knight’s release, but we felt that the site these widgets would be hosted on (our website) was a little lacking. We are very happy to announce that we have given the Red Knight Games site design a complete makeover and are debuting this design on our new Grapple Knight buy page! The design will be propagated to the rest of the site as soon as it is converted into a WordPress theme but not before we get a few other things like the beta community forums sorted out so check it out and be excited! The Grapple Knight store front offers a few of the same awesome backer rewards you were able to purchase during the Kickstarter campaign, including a slightly cheaper NPC tier! If you like the idea of being a Knight that bestows Jouren with new abilities to aid him on his quest to save the Kingdom, we have 2 spots available, so now’s your chance! Sneak peek of things to come We talked about the visual iteration earlier, but what about the sound design? A lot of you have been mentioning that Grapple Knight’s soundtrack isn't as epic as it could be, and we couldn't agree more. The music wasn't very accommodating to the look and feel we were aiming for with the new visuals and gameplay. So we called up our talented sound guy, Edward Fokkema and he got to work on a new forest track. We think you’ll like what he has cooked up :) <url>’re making sure that we create a solid baseline for the goals and challenges we want to achieve for the player. Once they've been populated with enemies and gameplay objects, we’d love to have them put to the test! We’ll be sending out invite emails for people who have signed onto the “Beta Build Access &amp; Dev Forum” tier and higher to try them out. This way we can ensure that they’re fun and challenging, while remaining balanced. Below are some preview shots of the levels being built for the purposes of testing environment layout. Thank you for reaching the end of this long overdue update, and again, we apologise profusely. We hope to do more regular updates with less drama and more cool stuff! We are officially counting in minutes! There is just over an hour left in the Grapple Knight Campaign and what a hell of a ride it has been, even Jouren is stressing out about it. Thank you to everyone who has been with us up until now, you are all Knights of the Royal Order in our eyes! New Demo Almost Available! The new builds for all platforms are being built and uploaded as we speak so check back soon for an all new Grapple Knight demo! Last Call for Box Vote! The vote has been running long and strong but it is now the final chance to vote on your favourite retro box design. Will it be Mega Drive Black or Blue? Click the image above to compare the designs and lodge your vote before Midnight on boxing day, when we will announce the winner! PayPal Now Available There are many exciting things we didn't get a chance to look at too closely during the campaign such as console ports to devices like the Wii-U or perhaps even the PS Vita, but those kinds of opportunities are things that we refuse to give up on. We have added a PayPal check out button to the Red Knight Games website to allow players the ability to pre-order a digital copy of Grapple Knight from us directly, all the funds collected from PayPal will go towards the remaining stretch goals. We are also currently in talks with the Humble Bundle team in the hopes of using their order and product delivery widget which we will use to replace the PayPal button, creating a dedicated store front for Grapple Knight on our page! We did it! It's a little late but we wanted to say thank you to everyone because Grapple Knight hit its initial funding goal a few days ago! Thank you to everyone who has backed us and believed in us to help us get the word out there. We wouldn't be here without any of you and we feel like words simply don't express our gratitude. We can't start relaxing yet though, we still have a few days left in the campaign so its time to hit the pavement running and do everything we can to make sure the campaign gets as far as possible before the timer runs out. So with that, let's talk about our shiny new Stretch Goal tower! What's that you say? Why is the Wii-U part of our update tower? Throughout the campaign we have been hearing your pleas for a console port, primarily the Wii-U so we thought it wouldn't hurt to reach out and get into contact with Nintendo. Today we heard back from them and we are all set to go as Wii-U developers! Like any console, there are going to be development costs associated with getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U. We made Wii-U release the first new stretch goal to reach for because if there is any goal that would give Grapple Knight the widest potential audience it would be this one! This new Stretch Goal we have added will cover the costs of getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U and submitted to Nintendo as well as paying for QA testing to make sure that the console release is top notch. This includes things like SDK's, frameworks and the all important Console Dev-Kit. Lets get Grapple Knight onto one of the best consoles of the coming generation! We need you! We have a lot of really amazing stretch goals, but to reach any of them we are going to need more backers and more people spreading the word of the campaign before it's too late. Kotaku has one of the largest audiences for gamers in the world, and it just so happens that they have a tips hotline. We need everyones help for this to work, if we can get enough people emailing in to Kotaku about Grapple Knight, they will have to cover us, giving us access to that huge reader base! Send your emails to <email> and remember to include links to the campaign; together we can make them take notice and we may see some of those awesome stretch goals get funded which means a better game on more platforms for everyone! Yet another exciting announcement; our friends at Palm Kingdoms want to give the community one more reason back Grapple Knight! Starting now, if you add an additional $10 to your current pledge (at any tier), you will also receive a digital code for the PC and Mac versions of the epic fantasy turn-based strategy game, Palm Kingdoms 2! And that’s all you have to do; use both codes for yourself, or gift the other one to a friend! Backers that increase their pledge amount, in addition to your digital download code for Palm Kingdoms 2, will also be receiving a hand-written thank you note mailed out to them as a token of our appreciation for the effort. With this promotion, not only do you save money on the cost of Palm Kingdoms 2 (normally $12 USD), but you’ll also be helping to fund Grapple Knight and get us closer to reaching some of the revised stretch goals! Stretch Goal Update We have one more surprise announcement for you all, we have revised the stretch goals! The community surrounding Grapple Knight is very important to us, because without you, we wouldn't be where we are today, so based on your feedback we've made some adjustments to the initial stretch goals. This revision was designed to make the stretch goals cheaper while also making sure that all goals that added additional cool content to Grapple Knight were up front and centre! If you are disappointed by the removal of the Extended Sound Track and Achievements , then fear not! For every stretch goal we hit in addition to the major goal, we will be adding a certain number of additional tracks and achievements to the game. This allows us to grow their content passively the better the campaign does! We hope everyone is as excited about these announcements as we are! Our AMA is currently live, sorry for the delay, we're very much newbies to Reddit haha. In anycase start asking your questions after the jump! We'll be answering questions under the username 'redknightgames'. We are Red Knight Games, indie developers for WIP project, Grapple Knight, Ask Us Anything! Our stretch goal tower has long been shrouded in mystery and shrubbery, and a fair few of you have been curious as to what could possibly be hidden down in those treacherous depths... so we decided to roll up our sleeves and get to pulling out those weeds. We are very happy to present to you the complete list of stretch goals for Grapple Knight! We would love to hear your thoughts on how the goals turned out and if you would consider shuffling any of them around. So please be sure to comment below and lets start a conversation! We would love to be able to hit them all so we want to make sure that they are most appealing to you. For full descriptions of what each stretch goal entails, be sure to check out the updated campaign's rewards and goals section. Visual Rewards! We understand that some of these rewards can be a little hard to grasp given the short amount of information, but fear not! We've updated the campaign to include visuals for every reward and given them a more detailed explanation of what they'll entail. We hope you enjoy them as much as we did making them! Below are just some of the cool examples we have, so be sure to check out the campaign to get a full run down! Not happy with just a cameo appearance? With this reward level we take your likeness and turn you into an NPC. You can take on the role of these fallen knights then choose from a pool available powers that Jouren can acquire from you throughout the game. With this rewards level you can work with us to design an alternate look for our hero! You will also receive an "elite backer" in game credit for your work and support! The image above showcases a custom skin being created for one of our kickstarter backers. Thanks Seizui! We have been talking about it for a while, but the time has finally come! The next update will be the backer exclusive vote to decide on the final design for the physical game box as well as the cover for the instruction manual. Get ready to show your your support for your favourite design! We hope all our friends over in America had a great holiday weekend, because we sure did! Grapple Knight recently hit it's 50% funded milestone and we couldn't be more humbled. As such we wanted to celebrate by shedding a little bit more light on our amazing “Adventure Knight Poster” available at the $100 pledge level. We interview the poster's creator himself below, as he runs us through his creative process and what makes each poster unique. <url>’s books. Stay tuned for more updates. We have lots great stuff coming up that we can't wait to share with everyone! We would like to announce an exciting partnership with RetroZone that will make an already amazing reward level even better! RetroZone is an online Australian retailer that specialises in gaming peripherals; ranging from classic NES controllers , to Xbox 360 and PS3 controllers , plus everything in between! Be sure to head over and check out what they have on offer, we especially love their SNES controllers , and speaking of which... What does this mean for Grapple Knight? The $100 All Physical Rewards tier will now also include a USB SNES controller that you can use to play Grapple Knight with, added to the bundle for FREE! The current All Physical Rewards tier will be retired effective immediately and a new tier will be added in its place to reduce confusion for future backers. Backers who have already pledged towards the All Physical Rewards tier will not have to take any action on their behalf to have the controller added to their pledge. We will make sure that your controllers are added to your bundles! The SNES controller will currently only be available to those backing the $100 All Physical Rewards tier. Update Preview There have been many iterations of Mega Drive/Genesis game cases over the decades, but being from Australia ourselves, we wanted to create a design that felt a little closer to home. There were two major box designs that were sold here in Australia during the console's initial run and as such we wanted to leave the box's final layout to you, the backers. A backer exclusive poll will soon open in a future update which will run until the campaign's completion. We encourage all backers to vote, as the design of the box will affect other items such as the Grapple Knight Instruction Manual. Stay tuned, and fight for your favourite design! Grapple Knight is going to be available across a large variety of PC platforms including Windows, Mac and even Linux. As the game is being developed on the Windows platform, we've been able to get a lot of play testing and bug checking done on our own machines as well as one or two Macs. Unfortunately we don't own any Linux boxes ourselves and as such the Mac and Linux versions have not received the same amount of love as their counter part. So we encourage the entire Mac and Linux gaming community (we know you are out there) to try the demo and help us forge the best experience possible! Please send through any problems you encounter to <email> and together, we can work towards the goal of a unified experience across all platforms. After all, Red Knight Games is all about giving players solid and entertaining gameplay with as few hurdles as possible - no barriers, just power ups! Our project goal covers the cost of developing for PC, Mac and Linux; we've been hearing your requests to port Grapple Knight onto other platforms as well such as 3DS, Wii U, and the PS4. If we are able to venture beyond our initial target goal, then your requests will be one step closer to being answered! Hey everyone! Grapple Knight has been going for a few days now and we're off to a great start. All of us here at Red Knight Games extend a HUGE thank you to everyone who has backed the project and helped spread the word :) We've got some cool updates planned, like developer interviews, reward spotlights, a peek into our creative process, and opportunities for backers to shape key points in Grapple Knight's development, so stay tuned!