Hey folks, still working on the comic, like I said before, it's just a slow process with me handling all the art chores on it. A lot has gotten in the way of completing this project quickly, but I'm still trudging on and will finish it, even by myself. Had some recent set backs, but working on making some solid time to wrap everything up and get this out the door. I just want to express our continued thanks to those who have pledged money and continue to pledge money and spread the word about our project. It means so much and Nik and I are extremely grateful. Also, we are having a party in Myrtle Beach, SC on April 29th to promote the upcoming graphic novel. Here are the details: Studio B. and Empty Room Studios are proud to present the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland Costume and Tea Party! April 29th @ Studio B. get dressed up as your favorite H.P. Lovecraft or Alice in Wonderland character (or combine them for double the madness) and help us celebrate the upcoming graphic novel, H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland! Meet international selling artist and writer team Nikola Jajic and Rick Hershey, who've worked on such... books as Loosely Based and The Big Bad Book. Participate in our costume contest! Drink tea to your hearts content! Buy cool and exclusive merchandise! A reading of the first issue by the writer! Challenge the artist to a draw-off! Ask the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland creators and questions you want about the upcoming graphic novel or even working in the business! Tons of prizes, tons of events, music, everything we can think of crammed into one mad evening! Admission is $10 ($5 in costume) and includes an exclusive promotional card created just for this event, you'll also have your name included in the finished graphic novel under a "Special Thanks" section! Invite your friends, invite your family, invite strangers! One night only before these guys return to isolation forever!!! (or at least until the book is done!) April 29th, at Studio B. event starts a 7:00pm and ends at 10:00 To learn more, visit our Kickstarter Page: <url>