I just shipped out some more coins. In addition to coin-only orders, I've shipped out single coins to all the dollar backers I had addresses for. I have redesigned the mold positives to incorporate the mold and keys, but the larger positives mean more expensive 3D prints. Here's what the current version looks like. Some of the more extensive ones will probably be trimmed. I think the d8 is about perfect, and I don't think the d4 really offers much leeway, so it's about as good as it gets. The final hurdle, now that the mold positives are redesigned and the coins are in production, is to get 3D prints that are high enough resolution to capture the small details even on the d20, which has the smallest faces and presents the greatest difficulty. I've paid for several rounds of PolyJet prints, and although they're fairly high resolution, I just don't think they're good enough. There are several forums online where people who design miniatures talk about the companies they work with and the 3D printers they use, and I'm of the opinion that anything lower resolution than about 16 microns isn't going to work. There are actually printers that go all the way down to 1 micron, which is insane, but I love it. The output is expensive from these very high end machines, but I think it's worth it, so I'm talking to several companies that offer this kind of service. Here's an example of astoundingly high resolution 3D printing: <url>"sprues" (an assembly of runners and gates making paths to cavity areas that will become parts) for model kits in the past, and broken off pieces to assemble into a model plane or robot. When models and toys are designed in this way, they have to make sure the parts are shells or sections of the overall finished product because a more complex shape that isn't separated into pieces in this way won't work with the mold. When a part has too many objects that stick out, they're called undercuts. To do undercuts with injection molding you either separate everything into pieces like a model kit, or you have to pay an engineer tens of thousands of dollars to design insanely complex "side action" in the mold design, and all this costs much more to set up and run the assembly line. Because my designs have many undercuts (i. e., little skulls, spikes, etc.) and because they are complete three-dimensional shapes, they require not only relatively complex mold designs, but also a completely different process. Instead of plastic injection molds, I'm using resin casting with RTV (room temperature vulcanization) molds made of platinum-cure silicone rubber. The advantage of using rubber molds is that they are flexible and can be bend around a finished casting to release the part without damaging it. With a sandwich-style plastic injection mold made of metal an undercut could break the mold or the casting, or prevent mold release, halting the assembly line for hours and potentially requiring the creation of a new mold. Although the coins work fine with a simple sandwich mold, they were incredibly unsatisfying when I cast them in plastic. They felt cheap. A coin should be metal. To solve this problem I've been casting them in pewter, and they now look good and feel good. The type of molding material used for casting metal in this case is MoldMax 60, which has excellent thermal resistance, and allows for tiny details like the lettering on the coins. For the resin casting of the dice I tried out several different plastic resins, but found the most satisfying material in Smooth-Cast 326 from Smooth-On. When i cast a die in this material it looks pretty whether clear or opaque, retains the tint color well, and makes that familiar sound on the table when you roll it. The other resins I tried didn't have those properties I was looking for. Although I tried silver powder in the resin to get a metal look, it caused a weird reaction and heated the resin very rapidly, causing it to cure way too fast. I might be able to slow down the process with a slow-set resin, but it also didn't mix well with the resin. It tended to gather toward the bottom, and that's obviously unacceptable with dice. I've also successfully used metallic coating powders. They're not made of real metal, but they do look metallic. You brush them into the mold before casting so they coat the outer surface. I still think they look cheap to be honest, but if metallic looking dice are important to you, I can still develop this aspect of the process. One of the other issues I encountered early on was bubbles, both in the molds and in the resin castings. This problem was solved through the use of a pressure pot, which I customized for this purpose as well by creating a resin bottom where the pot had a curved bottom because making molds requires a level surface or the back of the mold won't be level, and the overall fill won't be right. As I have progressed with this process, one issue kept coming up for me, and maybe it's just because I'm a perfectionist. The molds weren't formed perfectly enough. I'll give you an example. With a typical resin casting of any object, for example a miniature, you make a base with clay and put in your mold keys (I use metal bearings and/or glass marbles because they work really well) and you lay your object on it, then use clays to seal up edges around it. With a mini you set it up so the base of the miniature is the top of your final mold since it makes a really easy and convenience gate to pour the resin or metal into. You build walls around it with wood panels and hot glue, or some have even used lego bricks. When you're sure it's sealed up watertight and won't leak, you spray in some mold-release, then mix your molding material (some kind of RTV molding rubber) and pour it into the box and let it set. There are additional steps if you use some kind of mother mold to prevent warping, but this is basically how half the mold is made. After the molding material solidifies, you remove it by prying apart the walls of the box, and remove the mold keys (or snaps) and clay. Then you flip it over and this mold half you've created becomes the bottom for the second step. You build the walls around it, make sure it's watertight, spray in the mold release compound, and then mix and pour more molding material in. Your mold positive (miniature or whatever) is still in place from before, but the mold keys are gone so that the other side of them can be created. This is how your final mold will line up. Without the keys it doesn't work. When the molding material becomes solid, you pry it all apart again and you should have two halves of a rubber mold. You remove the positive, and then you can pour in your casting material, whether plastic resin or metal, and make as many as you want. By now I've made a LOT of these kind of molds. Just for the plastic versions of the coins I still have a whole box of molds I made in this way, and now that I'm using a different compound they're pretty much useless, but it was all part of the process. The thing about dice and dice molds is they precision. That was the whole point of using 3D printing in the first place. Unfortunately the use of standard clay-based molding techniques resulted in unwanted rough edges where there were mold seams. They weren't massive, but they were visible, and in my mind they were unacceptable. Then I came up with a concept that eliminates the imprecision of clay, and even eliminates the need for mold keys. In the previous image it may have been unclear, so I have an image of the d8 version below to illustrate the concept. With this design, instead of molding half with a d8 in clay with keys and then flipping it over and doing the other half, the mold and keys are integrated into the positive component of the mold. Each half of the mold is cast separately, but still fit seamlessly together when complete. The best part of this design is that it completely eliminates irregular edges or seams. The edges of the die itself are the seams. The resultant castings should be essentially perfect, with the only flaws being from a gate or vent hole. There was one 3D printing service that previously offered to create molds directly, but this is actually much better because it allows me to make as many molds as I want just like a normal mold positive would. I'm very pleased with this, and expect it to make the entire process easier and should produce much higher quality results. As before this is highly dependent on quality output from the 3D printer, but with the recent discoveries I made in fixing flawed positives, this should work fairly well. Thanks for reading all the way through and not just skipping to the parts where I was rude and called people names... oh, darn. I forgot to put those parts in. Oh, well. Thanks for reading! Okay, I'm excited about this new idea for how to make the molds. One of the problems I had before in making molds was in creating nice, clean seams. When you use an organic material like clay to put together your seams it's extremely difficult to get satisfyingly sharp lines. It's also kind of hard to put together a good mold shape. Yes, you can get acceptable mold shapes, but I am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to these things. I knew there had to be a good way to engineer a perfect mold, and I think I figured it out. Making it work this way is pretty original I think. Here's a pretty complicated one, the classic d6. What I've done here is the integration of the mold and even the mold keys into the positive. I'm not trying to output the actual mold with the 3D printer, but what I'm creating is two perfect halves that can be used as positives for the molds. Half of the die is on one side, and half is on the other, so in the final mold made with platinum-cure silicone, that area will be the mold cavity. The edges of the die should be perfect, and it should fit together perfectly when two halves are made. It may take a minute to wrap your head around this concept, but when I make a mold with these it will be more obvious how this works. Using this method will be beneficial for every die type, although the die types with more sides will be more like a classic sandwich mold than the d6 pictured above. I intend to post some more images of the other die types as the 3D designs are completed. The d6 will require a little box to hold it together due to the odd shape, but the others should be easier as far as mother molds are concerned. As far as gates, runners, venting, etc. I expect to use mini-straws or wires in the mold goop when I pour it, but the important stuff will have perfect shapes! As many of you should remember, there were some initial problems with the 3D printed positives for the dice, despite the boastful claims about what the high end 3D printers could do. It was disappointing to say the least. As I previously mentioned, I found a different service bureau for 3D printing that is closer to home for me, and both their attention to detail in printing and their prices on output are superior to the previous company I was using for this. I'm not sure if you can see the detail in these pictures, but I wanted to share the first test sample from them. I'm not sure how much you can tell, but it's quite a bit better than the previous output. I still need to do more thorough testing on it, but I'm optimistic. I also had a great new idea for how to design the molds, and I'm sure my next post will include examples of this great idea. It's going to make mold creation so much more accurate, and it should make casting quality just beautiful. I just shipped some coins. The coin-only orders and coin-heavy orders will ship first. The rest will ship with the dice. For those who wondered how well pewter casting works with dice, it actually looks okay, but the positives from the previous molds had those ugly ridges, so they're not great. Wow. My nails were getting long when I took that pic! I go through an evaluate the coins to see which of them are good enough, and which ones have too many flaws. A lot of them suffer from discoloration, nicks, scratches, etc. and sometimes I even get one with a hole in it where an air bubble must have gotten trapped. See the hole in this one? This one had a notch in the edge from the gate. Some of these are more noticeable than others. Although they're supposed to look like ancient coins, I'm not sure how many flaws a backer will tolerate. I'd rather get them to a certain level of quality than deal with a lot of exchanges. I felt that it was important to resolve all issues with pewter casting, and to get the coins made first so they can ship with the dice. As you should know by now I went through quite a process finding good resin for dice, good molding material, tools, etc. No part of this process can be omitted. Everything has to be done to meet the goals of this project. I can't just make dice without coins or miniatures, or just make one die type and not the rest, or any other half-measure. Coins are shipping. Dice and miniatures come next. I'll try to keep this one short and sweet. Tips for pewter casting (for others who may attempt it): 1. Mold Max 60 is great, but what do you use as a mother mold or reinforcement? Ceramic tiles. 2. Use talc. It's not really a release agent, but moisture is the enemy, and smooth results are important. 3. Be mindful of mold vents. 4. Find the sweet spot in temperature on the pewter. Too low cools too fast. Too high causes discoloration. 5. Make sure your dipper is big enough to do a pour in one shot. 6. Heat your molds so the pewter doesn't cool instantly. It needs time to fill cracks. 7. Never put pewter back into the furnace when the pewter in the furnace is hot liquid. POP!! Dangerous. 8. Always use protective gear. Thank God I did. 9. C-clamps are your friend. Don't let your friend beat the crap out of your mold or squeeze it too tightly. 10. Whenever a casting has a flaw, if it's too much for a metal file to fix, just melt it and reuse it in the next casting. That's the great thing about pewter. I'll be showing you some more cool stuff next time... Recently I showed you what a messy disaster looks like when making a mold. Now I'll show you how a perfect mold is made. Step One: Materials First, I went to Reynolds Advanced Materials to get some more stuff. The most important part, of course, was some more of the messy red stuff, Mold Max 60, which is mold rubber that can withstand high heat. While at Reynolds I allowed my mighty four-year-old with the blue candy all over her face to demonstrate her amazing superhuman strength. Fake foam cinder blocks, of course. While there I also got some Shell Shock, which is a brushable mother mold material. For the coins I'm using ceramic tiles because they're amazingly heat resistant, but for resin casting I figure some shell shock might be needed at some point. I also got a few various supplies commonly used in molding and casting, like measuring cups, mixing sticks, etc. We also got some smaller ceramic tiles from a hardware store because the larger ones didn't fit in the pressure pot. Step Two: Build the Mold Box Since I'm building this around ceramic tiles as backing, I use them as the bottom of the mold box. The walls are made of wood from a hobby store, and they're glued together with a hot glue gun. I got some new mold positives from ZoomRP since the coins were the one thing that came out good from them. Step Three: Clay, Positives, Keys Along the sides you see the mold keys, and at the top is where the pewter will enter the mold. The connections between the negative spaces will be cut in afterward. When you have the mold box and the positives in place, do a water test to make sure there are no leaks before putting the rubber compound in. Step Four: Red Stuff I found out the hard way that it's better to use too much part B than to use too little with Mold Max 60. I wish they supplied more of part B in the package. On the left you can see where I did an experiment with the "ruined" mold positives from the previous attempt. I put them in a cup full of the stuff, and it connected with the stuck material and allowed it to be mostly pealed off, which means I have even more viable mold positives for coins now. Always remember to spray in mold release before the goop! Step Five: Apply Some Pressure! Step Six: Check the first half... After the cure time is up, open up the pot and check it out. A few bubbles came up too slowly on the top, but how about the bottom? Time to pry apart the box... Looks like strata. Cut away some excess and it looks great. Step Seven: Make a New Mold Box Step Eight: More Mold Release Spray and More Goop Step Nine: Back in the Pressure Pot Step Ten: After Curing, Back Out Again! Step Eleven: Ceramic Tiles Brush the Mold Max 60 onto the back of the ceramic tile and attach to the backs of the mold halves for a perfect fit. Step Twelve: Wash Off the Red Crap Even with gloves, Mold Max is messy stuff. Cleanup is never-ending. So, that's how the perfect mold is made. Next I'll show you how the pewter castings look. Thanks for reading! I had a breakthrough with the dice. The initial discovery is what I would call a happy accident. Previously I had a minor disaster in attempting to make a mold for the coins using mold max 60. After getting partially mixed mold max 60 all over the mold positives, I was advised by Reynolds to attempt to clean them using isopropyl. This caused softening and warping in the positives. It also did not loosen the mold max 60 from them. However, once they dried the shaped were fine essentially. After seeing this I decided to try using it on the dice positives. After soaking the first generation dice positives they became soft to the point they were workable much like a bar of soap. Using an exacto knife I attempted to scrape some of the flaws off the first generation positives. Although it takes great care I believe I successfully fixed some of the flaws on some of the dice. For those who were previously keeping up with the project, I was originally thinking about casting the positives in jewelers wax to make them workable, and had already obtained some green jewelers wax for this purpose. Discovering that the positives themselves can be carved when soaked in rubbing alcohol is a game changer. This constitutes not only a breakthrough with the dice, but also an important revision in how this type of Polyjet output can be worked with in the future. Next I intend to attempt the same procedure with the white second-generation mold positives. Some of you have shown interest in seeing some of the problems and mistakes along the way, and the messy results. There have been quite a few lessons learned in the process. I will illustrate some of the problems in the first attempts at a mold set using Mold Max 60, which is the special thermal resistant molding material that can withstand the kind of heat used in pewter casting. First I wanted to find something to use for a backing material. When making rubber molds it's often useful to have a hard backing material or even an entire outer shell to maintain the overall shape of the mold during casting. This prevents warping in the final cast. It's also good to have something solid to hold onto. You can't really put a piece of rubber into a vise and expect it not to deform. The solution in this case was to use ceramic tiles. There's a reason the space shuttle uses ceramic tiles for the outer shell. They're extremely heat resistant. You could probably burn down your house and everything in it without hurting the ceramic tile. It's able to withstand much more heat than the molten metal heat I was worried about. It's also very inexpensive as a material. You can get each tile for a few cents! While shopping for tile I found this. The gamer in me had to stop and take a picture, and contemplate how I might use it. After getting some rectangular and square tiles, I put a clay layer on a rectangular tile. After that I used wood panels and a hot glue gun to build a box around it. Then I sawed off the excess wood pieces. This was followed by mold keys (bearings), coin mold positives, and a few pieces to guide the flow of metal in the mold shape. Unfortunately the first mold box didn't fit into the pressure pot, so I had to switch to thin balsa wood walls. At least those didn't need a saw to cut off the excess. Even with the thinner walls, the box had to go in with the pressure pot on its side. This isn't uncommon in casting, but it requires a setup with perfect alignment, and I don't really have the setup for that. As a result the mold wasn't perfectly level, although it did cure perfectly. Getting Mold Max 60 to cure perfectly is a challenge because it uses a 100:3 ratio by weight for mixing. It's difficult to get it just right, so I got lucky in my first mold. Here you can see the insufficient thickness in the mold due to the slant: After this I added more to the back, and tried to do it carefully, but this time the box leaked. Believe me, you do NOT want a mess of Mold Max 60 all over the place. It's seriously messy sticky stuff. However, the next attempt was more successful. Notice the thin sticks at the edges to make where the mold sides should separate. Here's the mold box for side B. I had to double up on the wood on one side, but that was okay. Unfortunately after mixing the Mold Max 60 for the B side of the mold it didn't cure properly. As a result, it was still gooey and sticky instead of a nice solid piece that I could just pull free. The good people at Reynolds Advance Materials suggested that I put in under a hot light bulb for six hours to help the Mold Max 60 to finish curing. I tried this... Even after days of additional cure time and the application of heat, although it was less sticky, it still didn't release properly. I had used plenty of mold release spray when preparing the mold, so it's really just insufficient mixing. Trying to mix enough at a 100:3 weight ratio is very tricky. This stuff is nowhere near as forgiving as the other molding material I use, which is a 1:1 volume ratio, quite easy to work with but not heat resistant for pewter casting. It will be fine for the dice. So, I had to pry the horrible mess apart and start over: YUCK! So, the Reynolds guy suggested I use alcohol to get the Mold Max 60 off my positives. Not only did that not work, but it's also very bad for the 3D printed polymer the positives are made of. Nope nope nope. So I ordered a new set of 3D printed coin positives from ZoomRP and started the process over again. As an inventor, Edison made 1,000 unsuccessful attempts at inventing the light bulb. When a reporter asked, "How did it feel to fail 1,000 times?" Edison replied, "I didn’t fail 1,000 times. The light bulb was an invention with 1,000 steps." When doing something worthwhile the most important thing is not to give up. Even if it takes a long time and a lot of effort and money, you just keep working at it until you get the results you want. That's the nature of the beast. I work multiple jobs. I take care of my daughter with zero help from her mother. I have several irons in the fire at all times. What I don't do is give up. There are those who will criticize me for not cranking out an inferior product quickly, instead choosing to take the time and effort needed to make a quality product. Perhaps some feel that my methods are incorrect, but believe me when I say I've done the research and I know what I'm doing. This isn't fast food. This is home cooking, and it's going to be awesome. If you feel that you're somehow being cheated because I cannot offer you regular episodes like Game of Thrones to show you what I'm doing, remember that everyone has a life and many things to attend to, and I'd rather get things done than update you every time I have to go to the store for supplies. It's only going to slow me down more. When the cookies are done baking, they're going to be delicious, kids. I'm planning to post another update soon. I've been taking pictures of the mold creation process for the coins. They're being cast in pewter, which means they require a high thermal resistance rubber for the molds.I had some spectacular screw ups and spills I suppose I'll share so you can get a laugh at the mess. The biggest problems I've dealt with have been with bad mold positives. The positives for the coins are perfect. They will work fine. The positives for the dice have ridges in them. I've paid for set after set after set to be made by professional 3D printing services, and they all look terrible on close inspection. As a result, I have found a local company that uses the same hardware, and they told me the reason has something to do with the way they are ganged for printing. I put several in one output to save money because this high end 3D printing is very expensive. I assume there is essentially a base setup cost for each output, which means if I print one die at a time instead of 20 it's going to cost a lot more. I lucked into a possible deal to get a high end 3D printer of my own at a substantially discounted price. If that happens I will be able to make my own positives for dice and miniatures, and that will reduce the overall costs of the operation. This should happen within the next few months as I save up to buy the new device. Why am I holding a can of MoldMax 60? What the heck is MoldMax 60? MoldMax 60 is high heat resistance silicone rubber for making molds. But, wait a minute. Didn't you say you had lots of Smoothcast 326 for molds? What do you need the MoldMax 60 for? As the ad copy puts it: "Mold Max® 60 was developed for high-heat resistance applications and will withstand up to 560°F / 294°C. It features a low mixed viscosity and cured rubber exhibits very low linear shrinkage. Parts A &amp; B are mixed 100A:3B by weight. Pot life is 40 minutes and rubber cures in 24 hours to a relatively hard Shore 60A." "Applications include making foundry patterns, flat pattern reproductions and casting low-temperature melt metal alloys such as tin and pewter." See, the problem is that although the coins looked good cast in plastic resin with metallic finishes, they felt like nothing. You'd be lucky if the wind didn't blow them away. It may have fulfilled the terms of the Kickstater, but I wouldn't have been happy with it, and neither would you. A coin should not only look like a coin; it should feel like a coin. Happily I discovered that pewter ingots can be ordered online for less than $20/lb., making it feasible to make metal coins instead of plastic. Also, the protective gear, furnace, dipper, and other tools are relatively affordable. Pewter casting is certainly the best way. Here's the process. Sorry I don't have the setup to shoot a whole video for you, but theirs perfectly illustrated what I'm doing with this. <url>"fill" in the gravity-fed molds. Getting a good fill is dependent on placement of vents. If the vents aren't in the right places, the mold will either leak or fail to fill cavities, especially in the upper areas. Pressure pots do help with this, but they're not perfect. This just comes down to trial and error in the design of the molds, of which I've made so many now, both successful molds and ugly failure molds. The other issue I've been working on is finding out how to make the coins out of metal. This is important. I've made coins out of resin that look good, but they feel like cheap crap. I can't ship coins that feel like junk, and I really won't be happy until I can make them out of metal . Thankfully there are lots of resources for making coins and medallions out of metal, so that shouldn't be nearly as challenging as the process of making the dice. There are so many ways to cast metal. You can even make a furnace in your back yard out of a coffee can and charcoal briquettes! Another thing is that although lead is cheap and readily available, it's not legal to use for this purpose any more (although I grew up playing D&amp;D with lead miniatures without any issues) so I'll have to use a more precious, less malleable metal. My father used to make little battle axes and spear heads out of lead for my Conan doll when I was a kid, and he would just heat it to cherry red in an iron skillet. Working with metal shouldn't me much of a problem. The main thing is making sure I use a molding material with the right thermal properties as well as high retention of detail. You need to be able to read the words on the coins or it's pointless. I'm sorry for the delays. I unfortunately married a woman who didn't share my love of tabletop gaming. Life goes on. The dice will continue to be developed, as well as coins and miniatures. There is only one way, and that's forward. I've got my sword and shield and I'm trudging on. Sorry there hasn't been anything to report. I've been in the process of moving. All the molding and casting stuff is still packed in boxes, but should be unpacked this week and things should be getting back on track. It's been a rough month, but it's about to get better. I had to put a lot more focus on taking care of my daughter for a while, and had to do the whole moving process and work at the same time. As some of you know I run multiple small home-based businesses, including web development/hosting, graphic design, and computer repair services. Juggling those with a sick toddler and packing to move was quite a feat. For those who haven't seen what the lines look like, I'll try to post some photos soon so you'll see why it is so important to me that the positives are free of these tiny flaws. The material the positives are made of it such a brilliant white that it's hard to see the flaws until you make a mold, and the solid color of the mold reveals them all. Unfortunately the 3D print service I was using before won't re-do them unless you report the flaws immediately, and initially they looked fine to me. It was only in production that the flaws became visible. I'm still committed to making these the best dice they can be. I apologize for the problems with them. The flaws in the last set of positives set me back a bit, but I have what I need to move forward now. Sorry it's been a while since the last update, but I'm hopeful that we'll be shipping this week. Of course I've also been doing my work as a web developer, and I lucked into a new contract to do an image site and new logo design for a relatively big company. I've also been working with a local author to get his novels formatted for Amazon's Kindle, but I know you guys are more interested in dice. Before I get to the molding and casting stuff, I wanted to mention that I've got two projects on Instructables now. There's a company that makes an easy-to-use 3D printer, and they're giving away ten of them in a contest on Instructables. Since a 3D printer would be a huge help to my work in making dice, I made a couple of simple dice-oriented tutorials to enter in the contest. How to Make Ten-Sided Dice (d10) in 3D Studio Max How to Make a Cardstock d20 (with a printer) They liked the cardstock d20 enough to give me a free pro account for a year and they featured it on the front page! I hope I win a 3D printer. That would offer a real advantage in making dice and miniatures. Even if the level of detail isn't enough for a mold positive, it's a great way to check scale and look for flaws before going to a service bureau for output. Hey! Anybody want a smoothie? Wait! That's not a smoothie! That's what happens with the super-fast curing resin I was using previously. Thankfully, the new resin (Smoothcast Colormatch 326) is about a hundred times better and easier to use than this stuff was. That's why I was getting these kinds of results before: That's cold-cast silver. It feels like weapons-grade cup bottom. It cured at a temperature that was NOT pleasant to hold with your bare hands. The cold cast attempts neither looked nor felt like I wanted them to. For example, although the coins looked fine... ...they didn't look like metal, and thanks to gravity they ended up with all the metal powder on one side (the bottom of the mold) and none on the other side (the top of the mold) which also results in another problem. When one side of a die or coin is full of metal powder they're heavily weighted to that side, i. e. rigged . Obviously that's completely unacceptable for gamers who want fair die rolls in games. I turned to my friends over at Reynolds and they set me up with a better solution with Cast Magic Powders, which I'll be showing in the next update. They also gave my two-year-old the super strength to lift this cinder block! Those are foam rubber, of course. Reynolds is where I get my resin and molding materials and additives now, and they've been very helpful in solving problems. As you guys probably remember, I got a pressure pot and a "hot dog" style compressor to fix the bubble problem, and it's been an excellent solution... except that my first pressure pot had to be exchanged because it was leaking air from the seal at the rim. Then the second pressure pot had a leak that I couldn't find initially, but I could hear the hissing sound as it leaked. After pouring water over it I found the leak. It was in an odd location by the base of the air intake nozzle, which I guess must have been a manufacturing defect. I don't know how these are made, but I didn't expect a leak there. Now I'm no my third pressure pot, and it's working fine. I'm also much happier with the safety release valve on this one. The others had poor quality 40 psi safety release valves, so I was about to order a 60 psi safety release valve online because I couldn't find one locally, but the new valve seems to work even up to 50 psi. I had another issue with the pressure pots because they have curved bottoms, so some of my molds were going in crooked instead of flat, resulting in slanted (bad) molds. To resolve this I mixed up some resin with white added and filled the bottom until it completely covered the curved area. Now there's a perfectly flat bottom in the pressure pot. It's a good thing I didn't do this until I got to the third pressure pot, or they might not have let me exchange the leaky ones! The molds are turning out a LOT better now. They're smoother, no bubbles, and they're well balanced. It's a vast improvement over the previous molds. I also started putting popsicle sticks into the molds to use as handles to pull them out with, and to leave a space for some little flex room inside when needed. Notice the little slots. The semi-spherical depressions are what we call "snaps" or "mold keys" which are used kind of like registration marks in commercial printing. They help lock things into perfect alignment for casting. Previously I had a lot of bad molds and bad castings for various reasons, from incorrect mix ratios to bad mold designs to ineffective mold release spraying and insufficient edge protection for separation. There are so many factors that can screw up a mold! By the way, I'm planning to throw in some of the color test castings (various shapes) for anyone that wants them, so if you'd like one let me know. I've also had people request the "disasters" but I think those are too embarrassing to send to anyone. I'm not sure why anyone would want a horribly misshapen d6 or d8 or whatever anyway. When a casting goes wrong, it's so ugly. I don't even want to post pics of the bad ones. They look like they've been microwaved or something. I'm so glad I have great quality resin now, and quality molding materials and tools. It makes all the difference in the world. I'm hoping to start shipping this week. Thanks for all the great supportive e-mails. It really does help. Taylor thanks you, too. Don't worry. That's not the blue molding material all over her face (I'd have a heart attack if it was!) It's ink from a non-toxic marker she decided to take apart... and get all over everything. Thanks again, everyone. Fingers crossed for shipping this week! Next update should show sets of finished dice right before they ship! I just wanted to share some images with you guys. Sorry I've been too busy to post updates as often as I'd like. Here are some images from Reynolds, the new place we're getting materials from. They're much bigger, have a much bigger selection of materials (and samples!) and they're very helpful. For one thing they helped me figure out how to solve one of the biggest problems we've been having with casting, although it means we're going to have to buy a pressure pot. How cool is that?! Anyway, I also wanted to post some pictures of the new positives. I hope everyone is having a happy holiday. I'll try to have samples of colors and materials up soon. We're still ironing out a few technical issues, but we're definitely making progress, so I wanted to share with everyone. Thanks again! To simplify getting to the web site you can now use HYDRADICE.COM to get to it. Thanks! Unfortunately people are having problems with the coupon code, so I've removed it from the system. It has been suggested that the prices have increased. I have tried to keep the prices consistent with the Kickstarter reward levels, but there were a couple of errors. It's a large web site with a lot of data, so it's taking some time to get all the bugs out. I appreciate your patience as these mistakes are ironed out. However, for those of you who are not seeing "free Kickstarter shipping" listed, please use the code "KICK" to get free shipping with your order. I've received several messages from people who missed the Kickstarter and wanted dice. I've also received messages from backers who wanted more dice, but couldn't get them because they missed the initial window. For everyone who missed their chance I have set up something special, and you can even invite your friends. Although you're not required to use the web site to place your order for your dice, it's easier for me to keep track of it that way. It's my intention to set up store credit for people who already paid so their orders go into the system without it asking for more money. That said, I've got an additional offer to encourage you to use the web site (which I honestly put a lot of work into and I hope you like it.) For the month of December, ANYONE who signs up as a customer on the new web site will have the status of a Kickstarter backer, which means you get the same free shipping deal. ALSO, throughout the month of December only, use the coupon code KICK20 to get 20% off any order of Necron dice, Death miniatures, or coins of Acheron. That means that if you want to order more, or if you missed the Kickstarter and want to get a discount on your order, you can get 20% off in December with this code. It doesn't apply to pre-orders on the Ancient Relics or any other dice, just the Necron series. Dice should hopefully be shipping soon. We're still trying to take care of a few technical problems, but we're almost there. Now is definitely the time to get those last minute orders in at a temporarily discounted price-- again, backer status, free shipping, and 20% off. The web site is at <url>"heads" side of the coin is the same skull design shared by all the Necron dice, and the Latin phrase "mors vincit omnia" meaning "death conquers all" or "death always wins." The tails side of the coin features crossed bones and the Latin phrase "morior invictus" which means "death before defeat." Before someone asks, yes, the reliefs on the coin are quite flat despite the intentional optical illusion of depth. Also, no, I have no plans to cast it in metal currently, but that could change. Previously this extra piece was only to be included with sets that had been represented by an error, but since we're well beyond the need for stretch goals, everyone who pledged for any set of dice gets the Coin of Acheron! I think it complements the Necron dice nicely. I hope you guys like it. There's been some confusion as to how many of each type of dice is included in each set (largely due to typos, my bad!) I've also announced the addition of an extra piece to make amends for my typos, currently called the mystery die, but it will be revealed soon. :) To clarify what comes in each of the current packages since I managed to make it a bit confusing, here's a list by die type of the current packages. There may be additional packages offered in the future, but I'm listing the current packages as they are. Whether or not the mystery die is included with a set (other than the typo sets) is something I'll leave up to the individual backer after the die is revealed. I also want to clarify that pricing is not strictly based on a system where a dollar amount is automatically a number of dice. Certain types of dice are going to require additional positives to be made ($$$$) and additional molds ($$) so there is a bottom of sorts based on minimum quantities and ganging. I have actually eaten a little cost in some of the smaller sets because I thought more people might want smaller sets. Also remember that shipping is included in this calculation. $12 - 4d6 $18 - 6d6 $20 - 1d4, 1d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20 $25 - 10d6 $25 - 10d10 $25 - 1d4, 3d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (for typo!) $40 - 1d4, 7d6, 1d8, 1d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (for typo!) $50 - 20d10 $50 - 20d6 $50 - 3d4, 3d6, 3d8, 3d10, 3d%, 3d12, 3d20 $50 - 10d6, 10d10 $60 - 3d4, 9d6, 3d8, 3d10, 3d%, 3d12, 3d20 $75 - 1d4, 13d6, 1d8, 11d10, 1d%, 1d12, 1d20, and the mystery die (typo!) $100 - 50d6 $100 - 7d4, 7d6, 7d8, 7d10, 7d%, 7d12, 7d20 $120 - 7d4, 21d6, 7d8, 7d10, 7d%, 7d12, 7d20 $200 - 16d4, 16d6, 16d8, 16d10, 16d%, 16d12, 16d20 $250 - 16d4, 48d6, 16d8, 16d10, 16d%, 16d12, 16d20 $500 - 40d4, 40d6, 40d8, 40d10, 40d%, 40d12, 40d20 $600 - 40d4, 120d6, 40d8, 40d10, 40d%, 40d12, 40d20 $1,000 - 100d4, 100d6, 100d8, 100d10, 100d%, 100d12, 100d20 $1,200 - 100d4, 300d6, 100d8, 100d10, 100d%, 100d12, 100d20 Whew! That took a while! I hope that clarifies the contents of the current packages. Please send me a message if you have any questions. Thanks again, everyone! Thanks to Chad's suggestions I've added some additional packages with more dice for those who play lots of different games. Oh, how the other players will be jealous of you when they see how many of these custom hand-cast dice you have! Check out the list of backer rewards to see the new options if the smaller packages just weren't cutting it for you, and thanks again for backing my project! I just want to give a shout out to the guys doing the Wooden Promises module for Pathfinder. Check them out! They're planning to buy a whole run of custom dice to support their module. I'll be posting the designs later. To satisfy demand, I've put together some other options for assortments of dice. Among the new rewards you'll find larger orders of d6's and d10's. You'll also soon be seeing a new piece added to these sets. More on this later... When I posted the listing for the sets with 3d6 instead of just 1d6 along with the rest of the set, I put in that it was ten dice. You might be wondering if I've gone mad. Although it was a typo, I'm going to honor this for the total number of pieces in the set! However, instead of 4d6... there will be an additional type in the set. I'm going to post an image of it within the next day or so. However, because at least one backer wants 4d6 instead of 3d6 with their set, I'm also going to add that option in an additional backer reward listing. Stay tuned for the next update! I got quite a few requests for additional six-sided dice, so I wanted to make sure I let everyone know there are now new rewards in the list. If you wanted the standard set with two additional six-sided dice that's now available. It makes sense. The original way to roll up stats (strength, intelligence, dexterity, etc.) in Dungeons &amp; Dragons was to roll 3d6. Also, traditionally six-sided dice have always come in pairs, so adding a pair seemed like a good request to fill for people so you can have a complete set and also a pair for other games. I've also had requests for sets of several six-sided dice for the modern wargames and RPGs that use lots of them, so I'm offering sets of just six-sided dice also. I want everyone to be happy and get what they want, of course, so I'm trying to fill these requests as much as possible. If you previously put in a pledge for a standard set of seven dice but would like to have a set with the extra six-siders, it's available now. Have a great day, everyone, and thanks for making my dream of being a dice maker come true. You're all awesome.