Hey guys! Posting the first of a few video updates with the people behind the scenes! This is our new engineer Jeremy Forbes of J4 Design! (I shot this about a week ago) You can see one of the ILUMI's in the background that he is working with on his desk! He is the man who has saved our project from being months behind since we had to start over on our board when the other company bailed on us. We are now only a little behind due to him spending countless hours on our project and we are getting ready to do final testing next week! I am looking forward to posting a video update here in a few weeks of the new finished board working in the ILUMI smartbottle and demonstrating the ability to measure water levels and update our app as well as our testing program on my laptop! I was just informed by one of our backers that someone else has tried to copy our idea and is running a campaign on Indiegogo claiming it is the first smart water bottle. You can see it here: <url>™ they can pre-order it on our website www.ilumibottle.com . GET HYDRATED™! Also please post our site and ILUMI wherever you can! Although our campaign is over on Kickstarter, we are still accepting pre-orders (Kickstarter orders are handled first) on our website, as well as any visibility we get will help diminish the credibility of any companies that attempt to copy us which will help us not have to spend money fighting those companies in court. So please, post our site on facebook, youtube, pinterest, myspace, tumblr, instagram, and wherever else you guys can possibly think of and tell the world that you already supported the world's first and best SMARTBOTTLE™! Thanks guys! P.S. Video with the App Developers should be posted Saturday night! First off, let me apologize for the delay on the update. I was planning on doing this yesterday but I got pretty sick on Saturday night with what feels like the flu. (I am definitely using my ILUMI to its fullest potential right now to flush my system with fluids.) The last week has been crazy! All I can really say is WOW, what a trip it has been so far! We have come a long way and we could not have done it without you! We are only 48 hours away from finish and its time for that big push to the end! Our 40K stretch goal is attainable, we just need your help to finish it off! Speaking of our stretch goal, if we can push these last two days and hit 40K we are going to bump up not only the first 100 backers, but we are going to bump up all the first 200 backers to the Ultimate Package so help spread the word! Tell your friends, family, and anyone else you can find! These are the lowest prices you will ever see ILUMI for as after this, retail price will be starting at $70 and up! I also wanted to just clarify something real quick as well, I meant to do this from the beginning but it looks like I missed it. All reward levels (Including LEs) were supposed to show the option for a black cap as well. I thought I had it in there but luckily a backer brought it up so I realized I didn't before it was too late! Also, big shout out to the backers like Nikki, Craig, and a few others that have been helping me keep up on the comment page! You have been a huge help as when we get more backers, we get more questions. I appreciate your over the top support for ILUMI as well as help with the questions! A note for everyone that pledged for a Limited Edition ILUMI. We have been searching and searching but we have still not been able to find a black coating for the stainless steel that meets our standards. Therefore, we have decided to give you guys a choice between a Black LE and a Stainless Steel LE as we know a lot of you really wanted the LE because of the color. That brings up our last note that I wanted to cover... The survey. We will be sending out a survey within a week of our projects end and it is extremely important that we get a response from everyone on it. It will be open for 2 weeks so that hopefully we can catch the majority of our backers on it. The survey is going to be how you select your cap colors and also where we will have you verify vital information like shipping address, how many bottles/caps you wanted (if you pledged for more than 1), etc. If you don't respond to the survey in time you may be sent an ILUMI with a cap color chosen at random by one of our team members and we will not be able to change this once they are shipped. So please remember the survey and make sure you complete it!!! If your shipping address is correct in your Amazon account all you need to write on the survey is N/A. Once again, we here with the ILUMI team want to thank you so much for your support so far and we cannot wait to get these into your hands! Lets blow our stretch goal away these last 2 days! Like always please let us know if you have any questions and we will get to them as soon as possible! You guys rock! HAVE A FANTASTIC DAY! :D Hey Guys! Here is just a quick post for those of you who were asking how you drink out of ILUMI! I apologize for being off this whole week. All I have really had time for is to hop on and check every once in a while and answer a couple questions. I am going to try and get back to everyone either today or tomorrow. The ILUMI in the video that I use is actually one of our early prototypes that we used. The newer ones aren't hard to use at all like the one I show, we were just working on the threads on that one specifically. Hope I got everything! Talk to you guys soon! Thanks! We hit goal!!!!!! BOOOOM! Awesome job backers! I can't say how much we appreciate all the awesome support we have gotten from the Kickstarter community as well as our friends and family! Now its time to blow up those stretch goals!!! :D Hey Kickstarters! WE ARE ONLY $500 AWAY FROM OUR GOAL!!! We want to thank everyone for the tremendous support we have received so far with our project! We are so close to hitting our goal and we cannot wait to get the ILUMI Bottle in your guys hands! Due to so many requests from backers, we will be offering extra caps for an additional pledge! Get other color caps so you can mix and match! They are available for an additional $15 each (The caps come with all of the electronics built in otherwise they would be cheaper). International orders please add $1 extra shipping for each additional cap. In order to preserve the value of the limited edition bottles we will be upgrading them to be stainless steel at no added cost! This brings up the next point! We will be adding the stainless steel bottles as our new reward! These bottles will be more durable, look better, and last longer than their plastic counterparts! We are very excited to add these to our rewards and we hope you guys will love them as well! Since we are so close to our initial goal we would like to post our stretch goals! 1- If we can hit $16,000 by next Friday, July 26th, then we will add a 6th color to our cap lineup... of your choice! When this goal is met we will post an update asking what the 6th color should be. You guys decide! This was a stretch goal before, but we had an issue with our video being down for a couple days so we thought we would extend it a week. :) Help us spread the word and lets keep it rolling!! 2- If we can hit $40,000 total by the end of the campaign, our first 100 backers above $30 dollars will get bumped up to the ultimate level on us! A third stretch goal is in the works and will be released when we hit our 15K goal! :D Once again we just want to thank everyone for the support and ask that if you haven't already, please share the ILUMI Bottle with your friends on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc. Also- If you have any journalist/blogger friends, tip them about the ILUMI Bottle and send them our way ;) - <email>! Thanks guys! Hello backers! Finally some pictures! I included the limited edition, blue and orange caps, testing the ILUMI on a hike last week, and me with my black and blue! Let us know if you guys want to see anything else! Hey guys! Just wanted to update everyone on a few things! First off, we lowered the minimum amount to bump the first 100 backers up to the ultimate level! You first hundred backers will be bumped up if we hit $40,000 now not $45,000! Congrats! We hope you can get bumped up soon! Speaking of 100 backers, we did it! We hit 100 backers in the first 36 hours of being up on Kickstarter! Awesome Job!!! We love the energy and excitement we have been seeing towards our bottle! We appreciate all the support we have received so far and the support yet to come! We had some people asking us for more specific details about the bottle itself and what it did, so we added a "HOW IT WORKS" section in our story! We hope this explains a little better what the bottle does and how it works! Please let us know if there are still any questions you guys have that we can answer for you! Since we had such an awesome "Kickstart" to our project (Pun intended) we decided that we are going to look into starting the PCB and electronics final development stages early with the engineering firm we have consulted with. If we can keep tracking a minimum of 35 backers a day until next weekend we will begin those final stages 2 weeks before the campaign ends, which will make you get your ILUMI a little earlier than expected! So spread the word! Share us on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and any other place you can think of! Help us hit our goal and we will help you get it faster! Colors, we attached a picture of a team member with the red! (Of course its Hot Rod red... Come on now, I'm a dude?) But we would also like to announce a mini stretch goal! If we can hit $18,000 by next Friday, July 19th, then we will add a 6th color to our cap lineup... of your choice! When this goal is met we will post an update asking what the 6th color should be. Whatever color is said the most within a week will be selected, and you will all be able to pick that cap color for your bottle instead at the end of our campaign! (Limited Edition and Early Birds included!!!). So lets keep it rolling!! I believe I have covered everything I had set out to, if not you guys will get a quick follow up! Once again thanks for the awesome support so far, YOU GUYS ROCK! GO ILUMI!!! Here's the pink! Ill post the others tomorrow after a good nights sleep! Goodnight Kickstarters!