First of all, I'd like to apologize for the long delay in writing to all of you. I am eternally grateful for the faith you showed in this project and my ability to make this a reality, and I apologize if my lack of contact has caused some of you to wonder if that faith was well placed. I want to assure you that it is, and that due to your help, we have embarked upon an ambitious, challenging project, that I know will exceed expectations. This project was always ambitious, and we knew from the start that the kickstarter would just be the beginning for this movie. With the funding you generously supplied, we were able to conduct eight interviews, and even went to Oxford University to film an academic debate with Gary Taubes and The president of the International Association for the Study of Obesity. Because of you, we got our start, and the footage and information is fascinating and a fantastic beginning for this project. The major issues we have run into have been finding alternative funding to continue the project, and finding a way to convey the complexity of this subject matter without losing the thread and maintaining the integrity of the message. Just about any organization we spoke to about potentially funding the rest of production would have required a say in that message and the thesis of the film, and my goal has been to keep it as agnostic as possible. The more we learned about the subject and the more people I spoke with, the more convinced I became that the simple presentation of the complexity and the lack of hard knowledge about the human body and the interplay of diet and health was the most important message to convey. This message is bigger than any one belief system about nutrition and health, and narrowing down a distinct message within such a large, complex, and controversial subject matter is a frustrating process. I passionately believe in the importance of this message, and believe that many of you, who have had similar journeys with your own health likely agree. It feels like a huge part of the debate that gets glossed over, and giving a voice to this silence has been both my primary goal, and the most difficult aspect of this project to convey. But, worn down by the unending search for more funding and not knowing how to bring the project to a conclusion in its current form, I decided to step away to regain my center and my creative drive. This process has involved a lot of soul searching for me, attempting to narrow down and quantify what this movie should be, and how to present it for maximum impact and clarity. I did not intend to step away for as long as I did, but I honestly feel this has been necessary to move forward and not compromise the integrity of the project, or my own wellbeing. My first priority right now is to make sure that you all, who showed me such overwhelming support so early in this process are taken care of. I do not know how long finishing the movie will take, but also want to send out your backer rewards and give you access to what we have filmed so far. Over the next few months, as we bring this project back into active status, I can promise you two things: you will be hearing from me, and cuts of what we are editing currently will be shared here. Editing wise, we are still working on getting the footage to a viewable form, but the interviews are very good, and we can create something truly great for you guys from what we already have. In the coming weeks, backer surveys will be going out, and content will be posted here for you to see. Over the next few months, you will begin receiving your backer rewards. I'm not sure of the final form this movie will take, but you will receive a version of it, and will continue to be the first group to know about further updates as they happen. Once again thank you for your support and faith, we truly could not have gotten this far without every one of you. in Defense of Fat continues to be the most challenging creative endeavor I've ever taken on, but I am confident that our hard work and your support will result in a truly remarkable end product. As we continue down this path, I can only thank you again. Feel free to contact me and my team either in the comments here, or through <email> if you have any questions. Here's to the road ahead. ~Kennon You guys have really blown me away. The past few days we've raised $10,000 for In Defense of Fat, taking us from 60% to 95% funded. And now, the end is in sight. 5 hours from now, our kickstarter is ending, and we'll either get $30,000+ or nothing. We're only $1300 away from our goal. To put it in perspective, if everyone who has backed us so far were to pitch in just $3 more dollars, we would be there. You guys hold the power to making this project a reality. Keep getting the word out and help push us over the top! No kittens this time, just my thanks for all of your help in getting us funded. We're going to do this today. We're doing some amazing stuff, guys. We're almost to the 24 hour mark from our deadline and are a scant $3500 away from our goal, and that's because of you guys. You have been tweeting, emailling, blogging and posting about the project all over the internet, and we can feel the excitement! Let's keep it going all the way through friday. Together we're going to make this happen, and that's awesome. Thanks to every one of you, and especially to those of you who have increased your pledges as we get closer to the goal, at this point every bit helps! Take a minute today to make sure you're getting the reward you want! Once our kickstarter ends, we won't be taking any orders for the special edition Blu-Rays and DVD's we're making, or the art print Sophie Goldstein has designed, so reserve yours before the kickstarter ends tomorrow . Here are a few of the people getting the word out: Andreas Eenfeldt has updated his Swedish and English -language blog readers on the project. Tack så mycket, Andreas! Och alla dina svenska läsare också! Right now Primal Kitchen is doing a contest on twitter for all of our backers, tweet @primalkitchen why you're supporting the project, and you could win a Primal Kitchen T-Shirt! Otherwise, just keep being awesome. Here's a pair of kittens to brighten your day the way you've brightened mine: We're heading into the last three days of the campaign, and I just wanted to thank each and every one of you for your support so far. You guys are awesome. Here are some quick updates you may be interested in: I was interviewed on Jimmy Moore's Livin' La Vida Low Carb Show this week, it was a great conversation, and a good chance to go more in-depth on some of the issues we'll be tackling in the film. There's a new production blog post about the issue we're having getting backers from the old campaign to pledge to this one, dubbed our "Knowledge Problem". We're still about $11,000 away from our goal. It'll be tough, but I believe we can do it. Help get the word out if you can and keep sending us good vibes! Thanks again, and here is a picture of a kitten to brighten your day: Hello, beautiful Kickstarters! Our campaign is swimming along! I just wanted to give you guys a quick update on everything that's going on right now, and it is a lot! I'll be attending the Ancestral Health Symposium next month, and hope to meet many of you there. I'll be appearing on Jimmy Moore's Livin La Vida Low Carb Podcast next week (posting on the 30th), and will be going in-depth about some of the "hows" and the "whys" of the movie. My hometown Mississippi paper did a front page article about the film a few weeks ago. We've started a production blog to keep everyone up to date on the behind the scenes process of getting the film off the ground. Thanks to your help, we are closing in on our goal. Together we can make a great documentary and help a wider audience get to heart of the science behind Obesity and Ancestral Health. Here is a tweet you can easily retweet to spread support for the film. Thank you so much for continuing to support In Defense of Fat . We're going to make this happen. ~Kennon