With the successful completion of our Kickstarter campaign, this week you can now preorder Joey (which we're now calling Jō) on our web store here: <url>º camera with a hard drive they sell under the same name. So in the interest of keeping everyone happy, we've decided to let Joey grow up and just be called Jō. Backers, look for an update later this week on all of the exciting developments as we're moving closer to manufacturing - it's been a very busy couple of weeks! With just over 24 hours left in our campaign, we wanted to take a moment to thank you all for supporting us. As we continue to finesse our prototypes and move into tooling, it's been a great part of each day to check kickstarter, answer your questions, and talk with you all about how best to use your Joeys when we ship them to you. Thanks so much for being part of the team. Because so many people have been asking about J-Drive, in our final 24 hours we've added a funding tier that gets you a Joey+J-Drive for only $1150 - which is still less than the anticipated retail price of a Joey when we ship in December. Check it out and please tell your friends! For those of you in the NYC area this evening (October 16th), CEO Jeff Glasse (and one of the two Dans) will be showing Joey at the NY Video Meetup at 6:30 . Come see Joey in person and talk to the people who have neglected family and friends to make it all a reality. More info at <url>º videos with stunning lateral motion. Get your Joey/Nebo Motion Pack today! MaxMyTV Announces Joey Compatibility Our partners at MaxMyTV , which includes several of the hardware engineers who have worked on Joey, have launched their kickstarter campaign for their amazing set-top box which incorporates social media, sensors, and video cameras in a powerful yet compact package that turns your TV into a full-fledged media hub &amp; home security center. More excitingly, MaxMyTV has announced that their hardware will be fully Joey compatible , and allow you to view 360º video footage from Joey remotely on your TV . Check them out today! We're really enjoying all of your feedback as we move into the final week of our Kickstarter campaign. Please continue to spread the word, and thanks for being on Team Joey! Jeff and the Kogeto Team Howdy Kickstarteronians! Just a week into our campaign and Joey is already 67% funded! Huzzah! We thought we'd give you an update on the latest shenanigans in and around the Kogeto offices as we work to move Joey from prototype to shipping product. It's been a busy week, as we continue to test our Joey prototypes in the field and continue to add features to the software, but we still found the time to drop by DroidConNYC and show our latest Joey prototypes, as well as some Joey-captured content on our Oculus. Despite the fact that his was the first DroidCon in the U.S., there were some heavy hitters at the show: And we were there in force... ..making sure to bring all of our toys: We loved showing off the Joeys capturing live, and Joey captured content in the Divergent iPad app, but by far the most fun was to watch people get lost in the Joey-captured footage on the Oculus Rift: It was a great chance to show Joey live and in person, and we got a ton of great ideas from some very smart and engaged Android developers. We'll see you again, 'Droidcon! We're so excited to be launching our kickstarter campaign after a very, very long time developing Joey behind closed doors. We're looking forward to the next 30 days and very much hope you will decide to join us on Team Joey. Cheers, the Kogeto team