In the last update, we said it was the last time we’d talk about Trial By Trolley. That was a lie. We’re here to talk about Trial by Trolley again.. We didn’t intend to lie, but we have gotten enough questions about when Trial by Trolley would be available that we decided that silence, and therefore NOT LYING, would be IMMORAL. Speaking of morally ambiguous decisions, like when we lied in a Kickstarter update, Trial by Trolley is available on Amazon starting TODAY! It’s a party game of moral dilemmas and trolley murder, and it’s fun for the whole family. Just look at this gorgeous game! What about this, which track would you choose?! You can pick it up now on AMAZON! While we’re here, we wanted to mention there’s a Valentine’s Joking Hazard competition to win an Enlarged Box that has beautiful kiss marks from Rob and Dave to hold all of your expansions. Simply submit your most ROMANTIC or LONELIEST combo to our Facebook page or with #JokingHazard on Instagram or Twitter and we’ll pick the winner end-of-day on Valentine’s Day! Hello Joking Hazard backers! I promise this is the last time we'll message you guys about Trial By Trolley. I wanted to let you know two VERY IMPORTANT THINGS! Thing the First: There are only 7 days left to back Trial By Trolley on Kickstarter! And the rewards have increased since we started the campaign. There are new cards to be had! And mini figs! Be sure to read the campaign page to see what the latest goodies are. Thing the Second: The Trial By Trolley backers (and some of you guys, too!) have managed to unlock a 20 card Joking Hazard pack that is Trial By Trolley themed! In other words, the cards are either about moral ambiguity or being literally run over by a trolley. It's included in the Derailed Edition. Lastly I want to thank ALL OF YOU for making Joking Hazard AND Trial by Trolley a reality! See you on the other track. Choo choo! -Rob So, the data is in, and returning Joking Hazard backers almost SINGLEHANDEDLY funded our new game, Trial by Trolley , in under an hour. THANK YOU for helping us make our second card game. We're just getting started! I wanted to tell you guys in particular that we're doing an early bird special on Trial by Trolley's highest pledge level that ends tomorrow morning. If you're a fan of Joking Hazard, there's a secret stretch goal coming to this pledge level that I think you're gonna REALLY like... I've already said too much. Thank you again, Joking Hazard backers! Trial by Trolley is the hardest I've laughed playing a card game, and I think you guys are going to like it too. -Rob DenBleyker Hello Joking Hazard backers! Three years ago you helped Cyanide &amp; Happiness bring its first card game to life right here on Kickstarter. We’re excited to announce that we’re making ANOTHER card game, this time in collaboration with our good friends at Skybound (the creators of Superfight and Red Flags). It's called Trial by Trolley , and it's all about moral dilemmas and running people over with trains. Here's a video explaining it: Check out the Kickstarter page for more info, and to get in on exclusive offerings for the next 30 days, and for the love of God, STAY OFF THE TRACKS!! -Team Joking Hazard + Skybound Big Thing #1: We’re happy to announce the Enlarged Shiny Red Box is BACK IN STOCK listed at the bargain price of $1,500. But you, as a backer, already have the 99% off coupon (which we have re-sent to your email since it’s been a few months!). Big Thing #2: If you backed for the Two Deck Combo ($60 and up in the original Kickstarter) you will receive an additional code for a SECOND big red box. It’s literally a second email we’re sending, with another code for another box. We’re spamming your inbox! Stop reading this, check your email, and go buy your second Enlarged Shiny Red Box right now! Big Thing #3: Our newest 100-card expansion is now released! Deck Enhancement #3 adds a hundred weirder-than-ever cards to enhance your Joking Hazard combos. Seriously, there’s some crazy shit in these cards. Get it now on Amazon , Amazon UK , or the Explosm Store . It's that magical time of year where people buy shit they don't need, so we humbly ask of you: Please give us money to enhance your d*ck. If you don’t, we won’t get any money and that is bad for us. Luckily, even if you don't need it, we know you want it. So to help incentivize purchasing shit you don't need, you can purchase this shit to enhance your d*ck for 20% off. We have 4 20 % off sales over the next 2 days! - Joking Hazard &amp; Deck Enhancement #1: 11/22-11/23 - Enlarged Box (inferior edition): 11/22 8:15am - 2:15pm CST - Toking Hazard: 11/22 9:25am - 3:25pm CST - Deck Enhancement #2: 11/23 7:25am - 1:25pm CST We're so pleased to be at a place where Joking Hazard has 5 expansions and definitely not 6 expansions. We hope to one day release 6 expansions, but right now we have 5, and when we DO have 6 expansions, one of them might look like this: But until then, we hope you do have and are able to take 20% off what you don't have. We, the Joking Hazard team, have a habit of solving problems before people realize they exist. We knew people needed to get drunk and make comics, so we built a massive d*ck, added ways to enhance your d*ck, and even gave you a larger d*ck box! We’re happy to announce that we’ve done it again. Nobody realized Joking Hazard needed to be even sexier, but we did. So Cyanide &amp; Happiness and Pornhub, the two biggest time wasters on the Internet, have double-teamed up to create our dirtiest expansion pack yet. Stroking Hazard adds 50 zesty, porn inspired cards to your Joking Hazard deck. If your game lasts more than four hours, call your friends and invite them over. LINKS: Amazon Explosm Store Explosm Store (With Exclusive Butt Plug) But that's not all. To celebrate Stroking Hazard, we created the RANDOM PORN GENERATOR !! Go create freaky porn concepts and scare your parents with them: Joking Hazard began with each of your d*cks containing a measly 250 cards. Then we hit our stretch goals, and it became 360 cards. Then we sent you 20 more KS bonus cards. And some of you got 50 Blast From The Past cards. And then we made THREE MORE expansion packs. Don’t get me wrong, we’ve loved watching your d*cks grow. But they grew too much, and nothing fits anymore. We built the original Joking Hazard box to hold extra cards, but not THIS MANY extra cards. We can’t fucking stop making cards. So I’m very excited to introduce our newest product: a big mostly empty (it’s got 20 new cards) box that you can pay money for. Behold, the new Enlarged Box: It holds just over 1,000 cards, comes with 10 brand new ones and 10 add-your-own words cards, and is available on Amazon RIGHT NOW for $12!! (both US and UK ) “But wait” you might ask, “What about my sexy KS exclusive red box? This white box makes me look like a shitty-ass peasant! My friends will scoff at me.” I’m glad you asked, because we made something else too... That’s right. We made another Shiny Red Box Edition! This bad boy retails to the general public for $1,500 but as an original backer you will receive an EXCLUSIVE, UNIQUE 99% off coupon in your email, bringing that sucker down to $15. Expect your coupon code sometime today, sent to the same email address you used when you backed the Kickstarter. As far as filling up your newfound box space, there’s something even cooler coming next month… I’ve already said too much. -Rob P.S. Here's a peek into our giant.... glorious.... enlarged box. And yeah, it's VERY rigid. <url>► <url>#TrumpCards combos. If 30 more people do what he did, we'll be bumping DE#2 up a week! Here's our favorite of his: We know you're artistic and misunderstood, show us on Instagram. Filter the hell out of your pictures and post with #artsycards just like this! The average Instagram user posts 1,000 photos per hour anyway, this shouldn't be too tough! Lastly, we're about to show off some of the new cards in a Facebook livestream. GO HERE and we'll invite you to it. The release date is Dec. 6th, and you can pre-order now , but if you help us spread our seed across these 4 platforms, together we can move up the release! We have 4 achievements to unlock, each one pushes the release date up by 1 week, meaning you could get D*ck Enhancement #2 as early as Nov. 8th! This counts for ALL of our Amazon products! That means with some bad math and 333 people who all review Joking Hazard, Deck Enhancement #1, and Toking Hazard, you get your sweet sweet enhancement 1 week earlier! Facebook really only exists because we're too lazy to find other ways of organizing our friends list. Do what you already do with organizing Joking Hazard game nights, and send us proof! Those sweet little events are worth 1 week of boosted release! It's sad to see a fun social media platform dominated by a megalomaniac, so we want to see your best presidential themed cards! Show our dear president what you think of him with #TrumpCards! Instagram is the home of fauxtographers, and artistic wannabes, but if you can't beat 'em, join 'em! Post your most outlandish and 'artistic' shots with #ArtsyCards so we can be impressed with how misunderstood you are. Help us move that date forward so you can enhance that d*ck by OVER one inch! Our video game Kickstarter is now LIVE AND KICKING ! We're all very excited to bring you a rad new adventure game full of corpses, Coopses and all of your favorite C&amp;H world characters. (+ plenty of brand new ones!) Head on over to our Kickstarter page to see what the heck is going on! Oh hey, didn't see you there for a second. We've been too caught up in MAKING MORE AWESOME STUFF. We wanted to drop in and share some cool news and updates. On a serious note, we are located in Dallas with many friends and family in Houston who have been affected by Harvey and we wanted to do something about it. We thought to ourselves, “We have wet friends and dry humor, let's use that to help!” So, for this weekend, Saturday, September 2, and Sunday, September 3, we will be donating ALL proceeds from sales of Joking Hazard on the Explosm store to GlobalGiving for Hurricane Harvey Relief! This is a great way to get a gift AND make a donation. Two birds, one stone. Get shopping here: <url>#1 with 100 new cards! Already have D*ck Enhancement #1? We have some good news coming out very soon for you. Tremendous news, we’re 98% of the way fulfilled! (excitementtt) DON’T HAVE YOUR STUFF? WE THINK THAT SUCKS! Let’s work on fixing it: Find My Order Part 1: Check that you filled out your survey ! We’re told there are about 1,000 of you beautiful backers who still have not done this. How can we send you cool stuff if we don’t know where it’s going?! Important note: Kickstarter does not pull your address information from previously backed projects OR from Facebook, so if you haven’t given that to us, WE NEEDS IT!!! If you’re just filling that out, great! You will receive a shipment notification to the email address you used for Kickstarter when your package ships out. :) Find My Order Part 2: Did you fill out your survey, but you still don’t have your rewards? Check the following: Is your address correct? Find My Order Part 3: Do you have a shipping notification from Blackbox, but still no shipment? Shipping sucks! Until we figure out how to properly harness the power, and convenience, of wormhole technology, other people have to put their hands on your package in order to bring it to you. So sometimes there’s an issue during transit. If you have a notification from Blackbox (the guys doing the real heavy lifting), then send them an email with your order number. Seriously, go get your order number, and help them to help you! (email: <email> ) Find My Order Part 4 : Is this something you just said: “I filled out my survey, but I never got any shipping confirmation from Blackbox.” Wat?! Send us a message on Kickstarter so we can figure out what’s up. Some of you backers filled out your survey after the deadline - (remember Aug. 15th?) - and are still waiting on your rewards. If we didn’t know where to send you package during the first round of fulfillment, then you may be part of a second or third wave of deliveries. Either way, if you message us on Kickstarter, we’ll help figure it out. If you’ve sent us a message before, feel free to send us another. Make sure to call us terrible names and pull our hair. We like that. Find My Order Part 5: Do you not have a survey option and your reward looks weird? Send us a message on Kickstarter including the address you need your rewards shipped to. DON’T POST YOUR ADDRESS IN THE COMMENTS!!! We might miss it, and people will send you unwanted “gifts.” Everyone Else: Rate us, hate us, but show us how much fun you’re having too. (Within Amazon’s guidelines, I guess.) When you rate a product, start typing and you can add a picture of it! Post those awesome combos up while you're leaving Joking Hazard a review. We want to see your winning hands all over Joking Hazard’s Amazon page! DID YOU LIKE THAT? Does that picture get you itchin’ to look through Joking Hazard, find those cards and play them? WELL YOU CAN’T. But soon, you can! EXPANSIONS ARE COMING. Our first d*ck Enhancement has an additional 100 cards. It makes your d*ck at least a whole inch bigger! We're planning on releasing the first expansion in February, so keep your little eyes peeled for more information on that! We are going to be hosting a livestream on Facebook ! Join us on Friday, December 2nd at 3 CST to see the new cards mixed with the old! Are you not following Joking Hazard on Facebook? You should be! Here's a few reasons why: Have you been playing the game and think you are funnier than us? PROVE IT. Send us pictures of you and your winning Joking Hazard combos on Facebook , or by using #JokingHazard on social media. We need a break from our endless work, and seeing you guys cheers us up. Do you think you’re better than us at making rules? You’re probably right! We’ve been posting alternative rules sent in by people cooler than us every Friday on Facebook. It’s a great way to switch things up on game night. We are using the super rad guys over at Blackbox to fulfill Joking Hazard. These mean packing machines are what happens when the guys at Cards Against Humanity get sick of Kickstarter creators using shitty fulfillment methods and take matters into their own hands. They’re experienced with handling big, unwieldy projects. We are excited to entrust them with handling our d*cks with care and sending them over to YOU! &lt;3 So, here’s what’s going to happen: Once your packages are done being touched and fondled into position, you’ll receive a shipment confirmation to the email address you use for Kickstarter. Tracking numbers will be provided where available, so you can stalk your rewards in real-time! (you creepers) Did you decide to wait until the last minute to realize that you moved since April and should probably tell us? Bad news : Addresses can not be changed at this point, and have been out of our hands for a while. (We mentioned this in the whole “last-day for address changes” update you didn’t read.) If you want to make us aware that you moved so we can figure out what we can do for you, send us a Kickstarter message and/or email <email> . When you do, make sure to include: -Your name used for shipping -The email address you used for Kickstarter. - Your NEW address Bonus points are awarded for those who include backer numbers and old addresses*. :) *Points are meaningless, like our lives. Rob, Dave, and Kris, the creators of Cyanide &amp; Happiness and the masterminds behind Joking Hazard are doing a lifestream now (3pm cst) at live.me . Download the app now to get in on this! (CLICK THIS LINK!!) (If you’re amazing and tap the link on your phone to download instead of just going to the store, we get credit— so, just, you know, if you love us. &lt;3) Come and see our fancy faces and bitch at us about Joking Hazard if you want. :) If that’s not enough, and you want to see MORE of us: We’re going to be spreading our filthy selves all over New York Comic Con! We’ll be at booth 2247 . So come see us, friends! We’re not going to be selling Joking Hazard there, but we’re bringing a few copies if you want to jump in and play a quick round! ... and no game will get hurt. Hello, beautiful people! Remember this picture? AUGUST 15TH IS TODAY! That makes it your last chance to get those addresses over to us. If you're worried about your address changing in the next month and don't know what to do, we recommend sending it over to a trusted friend or family member . Hopefully they won't hold it hostage, wrap it in a bow, and make you wait until your gift-giving holiday of choice only to make that their only gift to you. If you don’t know how to change your address, here's a thing! Just fyi, you can’t make address changes on your mobile! So, boot up that sweet computer and take in some Kickstarter navigation knowledge: In other news -- if you have friends who missed the project, we just launched pre-orders on the Explosm store ! What's more is that the pre-orders from the Explosm store come with the Blast from the Past expansion! Now that the Kickstarter is over, that's the only way to get the Blast from the Past pack. Don't worry-- you wonderful backers will still have your rewards sent out to you first. Hey guys! Some great news on Joking Hazard! The games have been printed and are mostly done. The wooden boxes are headed to the factory early next week to be filled with cards, then everything will be put a boat and sent to the fulfillment center. It should take about a month or so after that for the games to arrive where they will be packed up and shipped out to you! “Yeah, but when do I get my game?” We’re looking really good for shipping in late September through October . What this means— All surveys and address changes have to be made on your Kickstarter pledge by August 15th. If you don’t make needed changes, all of the returned and extra games are going to be used as bricks for a massive throne that our Dungeon Master will sit in. We won’t be able to make any changes to addresses after August 15th, and we’ll just send it off to the last address you gave us in the survey because we trusted you. For those that don't know where to view your survey or change your address, you can view it on the Joking Hazard Kickstarter project page under the campaign tab: Scroll down to your pledge level &amp; select it. A page should pop up and you'll be able to change your address under "survey". We’re going to be at Gencon! Ad Magic, the manufacturer of Joking Hazard (among other cool games like Cards Against Humanity) has so graciously offered to host us at their booth (#1749) during Gencon. We won't be selling the game until you backers get yours, but pre-orders will be taken incase you want to grab any extras for later. Rob will be doing demos of Joking Hazard at 2pm every day. So, if you’re there come play with us! If that's not enough of a good time and you still need more, we're bringing some of our favorite Cyanide &amp; Happiness clips! They will be playing at 8pm Thursday, Friday, and Saturday in the Lucas Oil Stadium: Meeting Room 11. Hey everyone! A couple of big updates here as we enter production phase of the game. We're pulling the trigger with the factory this week, which means we should be able to zero in on a ship date very soon. Good stuff! Also, fill out your surveys if you haven't yet. Box Art We enlarged the boxes to fit all of your extra cards, and as a result it's a bit wider now. This called for some art tweaks to the white and red boxes. Check out updated box art mockups below! Wooden Box We're also really excited to reveal the Fancy Wooden Box Edition. This will obviously be autographed by the Cyanide &amp; Happiness guys, so just imagine this but with three signatures on it. Card Size Some people were asking for clarity on our card size, and whether or not they'll fit in card sleeves or Cards Against Humanity cases. Joking Hazard will be printed on standard 3.5" x 2.5" cards, meaning they'll fit any card cases or sleeves. We experimented early on with a wider card but it turned out to be clunky to play with and unfeasible to print. We also updated the card artwork to enlarge the characters and text for maximum readability in dark party environments. Card Distribution Instead of putting all twenty Add-Your-Own-Words cards in the base deck, we've decided to add ten of them to the base deck, and ten to the KS exclusive pack (making it 30 cards instead of 20). This is ultimately a minor change since you're going to mix them all up eventually, but it does mean that 10 of your blank cards are now Kickstarter exclusive, so that's pretty neat. Change of Address Concerns Those of you moving in the next couple months, don't worry: Once we have our ship date we'll put out a series of reminders to update your address with us. These reminders will get more urgent and ALL CAPS as the deadline nears. That's all for now! Next update will come when we know our release/shipping time frame. Hot damn! I'm seriously blown away with how far this game has come. Around this time last year we were printing out Random Comic Generator panels and thinking "Whoa, this should really be a party game" and NOW IT ACTUALLY WILL BE! We started with a prototype and a pocket full of dreams, and you guys turned it into the second biggest card game in Kickstarter history (after that one about the cats that blow up). THANK YOU SO MUCH!! We've got a huge amount of work ahead of us, and we'll keep all of you updated along the way! -Rob DenBleyker PS: The Kickstarter officially closes 11am CST on Thursday, so you still have a few hours left to adjust your pledge level. We'll be responding to messages if anyone needs help, or you can check out Kickstarter's FAQ . Suddenly you get a tickle in your throat… Remember how you ate your sword right before the fight for HP? No? Well we do, and it appears to be working its way back up. You cough and hack until it pops right out of your mouth and into your hands. With a lens flare and a loud “KA-CHING!” noise, you hoist your trusty blade in the air and bring it down right on the monster’s throat, completely decapitating him. He's dead. 100% stone cold croaked. WOOOOO! YOU DID IT! You beat the whole friggin’ game, y’all. It’s over! The universe can sleep soundly because of YOU. That means that ALL of our stretch goals are unlocked. Now to decide whether or not you’re going to raise your tier to get more sweet Kickstarter exclusive stuff! Don’t believe he’s actually dead? We wouldn’t take any chances if we were you - feel free to keep beating his corpse by unlocking the rest of the achievements. There aren’t any more rewards to be had, but that shouldn’t stop you from taking out your frustrations on this loser. Ooh, and look at that! you totally chopped an entire 0 off of the last achievement number when you chopped the monster, so that one’s unlocked and the next one is ready for you all to demolish if you wish. Go nuts! Thanks for playing along everyone, and Hail Josh! Fight Highlights: Here's a few highlights from the fight: We're halfway through defeating the Boss Monster and his ten deadly achievements, and nearing an instant KO, but it's not over yet! Also, this is your last chance to adjust your pledge, whether you want to score the Kickstarter exclusive red box or play mat, or simply want to cancel your pledge and burn our project to the ground because you've decided you hate games now. Either way, when that countdown strikes 0, the only way to get your hands on those sweet, sweet exclusives are to take them from someone's cold, dead hands. We've also gotten a few questions about how to increase pledges to get new rewards, so we've lovingly put that info here: Visit the project page and click the blue “Manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount. Select "Update your pledge" on the following page. Then choose the new reward tier you'd like to pledge for and your pledge amount will update automatically. If you don't want to receive a reward, select "No thanks, I just want to help the project." and enter your new pledge amount. Note that you are not adding to your existing pledge; the amount you enter will be the total amount collected if the project is successfully funded. Any additional questions on your pledge? Kickstarter has all the answers here. <url>#M… Just when we thought we had saved the world, Justin Roiland (the co-creator and voice of Rick &amp; Morty) has sent a Boss Monster to eat all of our cards! For the next 48 hours, he's challenging us to a series mutant Frankenchievements that combine all of our previous challenges! Complete 10 total challenges, one after the other, OR hit $3 million in total pledges for an instant KO to kill the Boss in one hit! Remember, post all proof to <url>"Add-Your-Own-Words" Cards, added to every base game deck. That's right, you can use the POWER OF CONTEXT to make the characters yourself, your friend, your boss, or simply create your own inside jokes. Add your own creative touch to Joking Hazard! Forty eight hours left, can we do it?!? POST PROOF TO <url>"Yeah, no problem" and that we can bling out our boxes all we want. So we're pleased to introduce the updated Red Box tier: It's not too late to upgrade your pledge before the Kickstarter ends! You've got 59 hours left! So you're almost out of Diamond Land with all your fancy extra cards... but did you think you could get away that easily? Tune in tomorrow at 11am CST. There's only 64 hours left to beat Diamond Land and pump up everyone's deck by FORTY cards, making the base deck 350 cards! Only two more achievements and we beat Diamond land! Here's where we're at: Sad Pancakes: 63 out of 100 Fart Dads: 84 out of 100 Shaved Heads: 11 out of 20 Backers: 53,163 out of 69,420 Shameless Advertising: 3900 out of 5000 (prematurely announced this one, sorry!) Achievements we've already knocked out: #ICraveDave That was unexpected. Dave got so hot and bothered after all of your tweets that his heart stopped! He's in the hospital for the worst case of Horny that we've ever seen! Who could resist lines like these? *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* For as tough as diamond land is, we're making great progress! Only five days left of the campaigns so we've got to keep up the pace! Here's the current stats for the achievements still needing to be completed: Crying Panackes: 20 out of 100 Shaved head: 6 out of 20 Fartdads: 50 out of 100 Shameless advertising: 2698 out of 5000 I Crave Dave: 4831 out of 5,000!!! We've almost completely seduced Dave, gogogogogo! ---------------- Facebook Profile Pictures: Easy peasy! DONE! *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* Stop Motion Shorts: Somehow, through the magic of animation, you found a way to make things that don't move, look alive! Quick, someone get Pixar on the phone, I think we're on to something! How much do you love noodles? <url>"Grad student in a microelectronics fabrication facility. Made it using electron beam lithography, metal deposition and lift-off. And 1.21 jiggawatts." That's a whole lot of jiggawatts! *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* Gooooooooold There's nothing quite as decadent as having your own golden C&amp;H character. It's been said that the great pharoahs of egypt built their tombs out of golden C&amp;H characters to ward off door to door telemarketers, but there's no need to look that up or research. You can trust us. *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* THIS IS IT, THE BIG ONE. Diamond level is the most hardest of the hard levels, the shiniest of the shiny levels, and it's going to take everything we've got to make it through this. Do we have enough cool dads? What is it about Dave that makes him so dreamy? And what's wrong with the pancakes!?! Let's find out! Remember, submissions go HERE: <url>#RobIsFat This one went fasssst. Like the last bag of chips in Rob's house. Right after we announced this goal, Rob was getting a message once every 5-10 seconds letting him know that he was a chubby bunny. Our favorite: *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* 3D Printed Characters I want to live in a future where we can create stick figures any time we want. Wait, what? That future is NOW?!? Great gravy, we must tell everyone as soon as possible! The future is NOW! *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* Belly Belly Belly We are so. so. so. so. proud of everything that came out of this achievement. It's everything we could have ever asked for and more. *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* Tall Justin Hey how's the backer achievment up there? Oh, nice and complete? Well good for you! *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* C&amp;H Is Garbage I know we're not supposed to, but we really wanted to snuggle up with all these little devils. They're too cute, don't you think? *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* Mosaic Check out the tape measure on this one! It's majestic. *ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED* --------- Despite the world around us being so huge, we SAILED through giant land, earning everyone an additional 30 cards in every base deck PLUS drinking rules being added to every game! Rest well tonight, for tomorrow we battle the final level, the ultimate level, the most tip top of levels we have... Thanks to EVERYONE who came out last Sunday, it was a blast! We met a whole lot of amazing people and we got to hear everyone laugh in person while playing the game. A special thanks goes out to a few backers who helped complete a few of the achievements we met this last weekend! Here's the video we shot of the game in action, check it out. Introducing level 4, the second to last level, the most giant of the levels, Giant Land! Complete 7 of the 10 tasks to unlock an extra THIRTY cards in every base game of Joking Hazard! That's pretty giant if I do say so myself. Remember, all proof needs to be submitted to the Joking Hazard Facebook Page to count, <url>"HEY BETTA FISH I REALLY LIKE THIS ONE DO YOU LIKE THIS ONE AS MUCH AS I LIKE THIS ONE I HOPE SO!" One thing we were glad to find out, was how much goldfish really love the story of Charles and his girlfriend. *Achievement Unlocked* Looking Sharp! C&amp;H Cosplay Ahhhhh! It's the purple shirted eye stabber! Cold chillin on a venti caramel latte, somehow drinking through a hole in a giant mask. I have no idea what they're looking at here, but it looks exciting! I want to join! *Achievement Unlocked* 15,000% of our goal! WOW. *Achievement Unlocked* Prepare yourself, tomorrow we unlock level 4. AND IT'S REALLY HUGE. Tinder You're so smooth! We burned through this achievement faster than the penicillin could act, so consider this one DONE! Some of our favorites: Apparently rising from the dead is an aphrodisiac. Our friends in Germany know how to pick a winner, check out this "why not?" wanker! And the Star Spangled Bastard returns, not looking for guns, but for love. We wish him the best. *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* Snowmen! We got some surprisingly creative snowmen, including ones with samuari sword arms and a coat hanger face, a fine collection of pure, uncut snow-caine a good lookin' snowlady and a suicidal snowman who just can't take the world anymore. *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* Edit: Looks like they're already done playing. We'll let you know if we can grab some footage later for everyone who missed it. C&amp;H Themed Mod These came out way faster than we expected, our favorite of the bunch was Cyanide &amp; Flappiness, which will drive you to madness but in the good way. Cyanide &amp; Flappiness <url>"Because I helped make it, idiot." This reward starts at $45 and higher. If you pledged $60, $200, or anything in between, your copies of the game are automatically upgraded (Unless you prefer the white box! We'll do a survey at the end of the campaign to make sure.) NOTE: The game within the box is the same, because we don't want people experiencing the game differently at different pledge levels. And the second new tier... Feel like spending extra for a personal touch? For $1,000 the creators of Cyanide &amp; Happiness will work with you to create three customized panel cards about you, your friends, inside jokes, whatever you want. You give us some context and ideas, and we'll help ensure they work in the game. Your three cards will be drawn by the creators, run past you for approval, and professionally printed and sent with your game. Also you'll get everything in the $200 tier. Limited to 20 backers. In my last update I said a free PDF of the game cards would be unlocked immediately if we beat Level 3, but my team informed me that I jumped the gun with the word "immediately" and that we need more time to get it ready, and then they stuffed me into a locker. The free PDF version of the game will be unlocked by Level 3, but released after the Kickstarter ends. Also, if you're in the Dallas area, we'll have some prototype copies of the game this Sunday evening at the Alamo Drafthouse Richardson. Come be among the first to play it with us! Facebook event here . -Rob To no one's surprise, you guys wrecked Level 2 in like 6 days. And we thought were being challenging. Time for Level 3: Water Land. Starring Kevin Costner. Beat 7 out of 10, and the KS-exclusive pack magically becomes 20 cards, plus we'll release a version of the game (not the full one just yet, because there are still secrets yet to be unveiled) as a freely available PDF for anyone who wants to start playing it immediately. Also we're gonna announce something cool when we pass the 1 million mark. -Rob Joking Hazard Tattoo! Our amazing fan Joshua actually got the first Joking Hazard tattoo! We honestly didn't think anyone would go for this, but WE'RE SO HAPPY HE DID! THANK YOU JOSHUA! (NSFW: it's a booty-photo) *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* drazaH gnikoJ We didn't think these would turn out so spooky, but most every one of these feels really threatening. Good job! <url>"No?" We can't be friends The majority Of time I spend with haikus Is finger counting Blue and green enter Will there be sex or murder? Maybe pee... You choose. Eating everything Ted Bear was reigning supreme Hashtag free Ted Bear *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* Homemade T Shirts This is magic. Not only did Josh make his own shirt, he swung for the fences and made an album of 50+ people all wearing the same shirt! <url>… We've also gotten a whole bunch of great submissions as well, check these out! It looks like the :I face is a favorite on the submissions we saw. *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* ------------ We've already gotten four achievements in Level 2, we only need three more achievements and we get to add in 30 more cards to EVERY d*ck!!! Ugh. I guess we asked for it, so we can't complain, but these are some really disgusting C&amp;H characters from the Level 2 achievements. Once we finish Level 2, everyone's main game gets 30 more cards in the deck! We can't sleep after looking at these, so we're gonna share the love. Enjoy / suffer! (If you want to see the rest of the submissions, why don't you head over to the Joking Hazard Facebook page for the full collection?) *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* Want to playtest a beta version of the game before the Kickstarter even ends?!? We're doing a special event at the Alamo Drafthouse in Richardson, TX at 5pm CST on Feb 21st where Rob, Dave, and team C&amp;H will playing a beta version of the game with everyone. Facebook event page Comfy seating is only available for the first 50 guests, so get there early! ...unless you just really like to watch. The Alamo Drafthouse will have their usual array of delicious beverages and tasty foods available to order throughout the evening. You weren't doing anything important Sunday night anyway. So tell your friends, or come make new ones, at the Joking Hazard Game Night, with Cyanide &amp; Happiness! Wow! We obliterated Level 1 of our stretch goals within 24 hours. That means everyone at $25 or higher gets one Kickstarter exclusive pack of 10 extra cards (more than one if you backed $60 or higher). Now it's time for Level 2. If we finish 7 out of 10 achievements and beat this level, we'll be adding 30 more cards to the base deck, bringing it to 280 cards instead of 250. That means everyone from $25 and up gets a bigger game with even more variety. If you do some sweet math on it, those 30 extra cards translate into roughly 5 million more combinations. Let's do it! Level 3 awaits! Just as a reminder, these are achievements are community based! You don't have to do all 200 C&amp;H haikus yourself. Well I mean, you can if you want to... -Rob D Produce 10 Reaction Videos to the Random Comic Generator Although it wasn't what we were asking for, this video was magic and made every one of us laugh our asses off! Apparently someone has been using the name Joking Hazard on reddit for a few years and made this AMAZING "reacts" video to our new kickstarter! Check it out here! When it comes to the RCG react videos, our favorite was Heff Jobs. He seems like he’s throwing together a history project last minute that he couldn’t bring himself to give a shit about.That's an A+ to you mister! A few more honorable mentions took a different approach. Video 1 Video 2 *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* C&amp;H CROP CIRCLE Aww, now look at that. Someone ruined this perfectly good snow harvest. Who would do such a thing?!? *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* Fan Merch Photos We got a few wonderful submissions of our fans with their favorite merch. And a few submissions of things I’m not sure were official C&amp;H merch And some surprise submissions of people making things we love, love, LOVED! *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* C&amp;H Cookies! Looks like a lot of people are going to have a delicious day, we've got some cookies made for us! *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* #MakeComicsGreatAgain We did it! It's up to @realDonaldTrump now to bring us the comics we know and love. Please don't build a wall around our hearts big buddy, make comics great again! *ACHIEVEMENT COMPLETE* ----------------------- Now, if our math skills are working right, that puts us over 7 achievements on Grass land, which means YOU DID IT! ALL KICKSTARTER PACKAGES INCLUDE A 10-CARD KICKSTARTER EXCLUSIVE PACK! GRASSLAND COMPLETE!!! Stay tuned, Level 2 is coming soon… Make sure you've got sunscreen and enough water to last a while. We're wayyyyy past our starting goal, so it's time to streeeeeetch! Welcome to Level 1: Grassland! We wanted to have a lot more fun with stretch goals this time, so this is your chance to make some really, really weird things happen. Let's harass Trump, make old people do funny things, and get some crop circles going! Once we unlock 7 of these 10 achievements, a 10 card Kickstarter Exclusive booster pack will be added to EVERY reward tier! All proof needs to be submitted to the Joking Hazard Facebook page in order to count towards unlocking the achievements, so go on and throw the page a like. We'll be posting some of our favorite submissions on the Kickstarter page. We reached our goal in about 27 minutes. Wow. The game is gonna be a real thing! Thank you all so much! We're not done yet, though. Stay tuned for achievements and stretch goals! Speaking of stretch goals and achievements, be sure to like our Facebook page , It will come in handy very soon... -Rob