The first two batches of Candy Realms have been sent out and you should have had a month or so to try it out... I'm curious if you like it! For everyone who hasn't gotten it yet, rest assured I'm still sending out copies. If those who got theirs would be willing to share their review, positive or negative... it would help to show everyone that I am at least sending them out? I don't want anyone to mistake Candy Realms as a cheap bone thrown at you... i spent more time and budget making Candy Realms than i did on Katalyka... and i stand by my claim that its absolutely a better and more enjoyable game than Katalyka! I had years more experience behind me when i made it. Also, there are a few people remaining who haven't updated or confirmed their address with me, I'm still sending out copies, so msg me and I'll add you to the next batch! thanks you guys, i really wish you love the game, and if you don't, its ok to let me know. Also, if you post your review as a video, send me a link and I'll add it to the Kickstarter for Candy Realms, which just relaunched yesterday. You have some of the only copies of the game, so you are positioned to tell potential buyers if its worth their time or not! Peace! Molly I had a big postal trip yesterday, and sent out a copy of Candy Realms to everyone that sent me their updated addresses last month. If you are one of the backers still waiting to get anything, please send me your address just to make sure I have the current one, and I will add you to the list for mailing out next month! Hey all! Some of you may have seen the video claiming this Kickstarter is a failure and generally painting me up to look completely insane. So I wanted to respond here and also let you all know to still expect a copy of Eternal War of the Candy Realms, PRINTED AND SENT AT MY LOSS, to apologize to everyone that didn't get a copy of Katalyka. I've already sent out some copies of Candy Realms to you, and will be sending out more in a few weeks. If your address has changed recently, please message me and let me know. . Why that game and not Katalyka? Partly due to cost, but mostly because I feel its a better game in every aspect. I stand by Katalyka being fun and a decent game. The rumor that it has no end is BULL. Every conflict either discards a card or removes a point from your character card's health, the numbers on the side with the skull at the bottom. That's explained very clearly in the manual, so the guys who claimed to be REVIEWING it apparently didn't actually bother to read the manual? Anyways, I've been working on game designs since I was a kid, my mom's friend Richard grew up in Lake Geneva, and occasionally played in a campaign run by Gary Gygax. Richard introduced me to gaming when he gave me his copy of AD&amp;D, and I was enamoured by tabletop gaming since. My best childhood pal Matthew and I would design settings and game systems almost constantly. Always on a search for a new refinement, an interesting culture, or a fun new gimmick to try. Before I fell in love with music, or found my bio-father's centurion ring in the basement and became interested in gem collecting and jewelry, there was gaming. Only Lego, sewing, and my appreciation of Transformers figures came before gaming, and gaming consumed those other interests in my teens and twenties. So to have my first attempt at selling a game be considered a failure really bothers me. I've sold over $20,000 of Lego parts on Bricklink over the years, I've sold over 1000 items on Etsy, I've been in gallery shows, magazines, and sold over 1000 novelty prop items on Ebay, and before this Kickstarter... I've only had one outspoken negative customer due to a personal emergency and her impatience. . So what went wrong? I put some cool stuff into Katalyka, but it was too ambitious for my first project, and deciding to print it myself was probably the main mistake that lead to the budget problems and the partial failure. I do admit that I wasn't able to send finished copies of the game to everyone before the budget ran out... but I never used "The Sun" or the voice (that I DID isolate on the 1350hz frequency of Carbon Monoxide) as EXCUSES for my partial failure on this Kickstarter. I want to be clear that the budget ran out due to buying the wrong paper for the cards that ended up being too thick for my 4 color laser printer, having to buy a different printer to finish the cards, having to use more expensive ink, and not understanding that shipping charges are factored into the final backer amount of the Kickstarter. Those are real world accidents and mistakes. I really don't appreciate the video trying to take my report of some unusual events out of context and trying to twist it into making it appear that I went crazy and/or just ran off with your backing. I didn't. I still have all the receipts and I also documented myself using the materials I purchased to build a few stacks of finished copies of Katalyka, and I have receipts of sending out as many as I could, with a bunch of them sent out at my cost after the funding had all run out. I'm not EXCUSING the failure to those of you who didn't get a copy. THAT'S WHY I'M SENDING CANDY REALMS to those of you who haven't gotten Katalyka. I just felt Katalyka wasn't my best work after I started playtesting Candy Realms, and if I'm going to be spending my money to send you a game... I want it to be MY BEST GAME YET... not the "only ok" one that no one seems to love. I spent over 3 years designing Candy Realms, which was twice as long as the pre-production of Katalyka. And its much more concise, has a stronger theme, tighter gameplay, better art, and a great unique twist. So if I have to GIFT you to feel like I've fulfilled your backing, why gift you with the worse game? I hope that seems reasonable to you. . What about "The Sun"? As for the Sun, it did actually harass me a bit, but it also ended up communicating clear enough that I understand why it did... and there's no hard feelings on my part. As for the accusation that I am racist, I am. I firmly believe that blacks are SUPERIOR, because I've burned in U.V. as far back as I can remember. I'd love to be able to run around outside and not burn. My mom has a sun allergy worse than I do, to the point where she takes medication for it. I didn't invent "race", so please don't expect me to pretend I don't burn in U.V. Maybe that light sensitivity is what lead to the argument I got caught up between part of the Sun and carbon? I don't know! I did some research into c.o. and u.v. and I feel that I understand enough of what was occurring that I'm not really bothered by it any more. I won't post about that here because its not appropriate or relevant to this Kickstarter. Anyways, I get that Dan Ibbertson's channel is based on making comedy videos and not on strict journalistic integrity, so I'm not holding it against him. I actually sent him a copy of Candy Realms to check out a few weeks ago, which he told me he did an un-boxing of during a livestream, and he likes the artwork but hasn't tried playing it as of this update. . Why is taking so long to send out Eternal War of the Candy Realms? I wanted to take my time and show that I learned from my mistakes. I wanted to make sure I was providing the best game I could make at this point in my life. I was disabled in a motorcycle accident in 2003 and live on $750 a month, which is mostly used on rent and food... so I can only afford to send out a handfull of games each month. I wanted to playtest the game with a few different groups to make sure it was READY before I sent it to you. I didn't update before this because I don't like to waste your time with an update unless I have something concrete to report. I have begun sending Candy Realms out, so when you get it please don't hesitate to tell me what you think about it! . Recap: If you haven't gotten a Katalyka, you won't get one. But I have already started sending out copies of Eternal War of the Candy Realms, please accept it as my apology and attempt to fulfill my promise to you. The Sun and the c.o. voice was NOT the cause of Katalyka's partial failure, my mistakes and resulting budget problems was. I did not go crazy and/or run off with backer money. . Sorry so long, hope everyone is doing well! ~Molly Wanted to give you all an update to this project. And tell you about a gift I'm sending. Nothing bad to report any more! The game is finished, copies are still being made, and I'm still shipping them out when I can afford to. I thought the usps would allow me to ship them via media rate, but they didn't, and so it's costing a lot more for me to send them out to the backers (one copy sent cross country cost me $25, and I'm actually losing money on Katalyka now, because I didn't budget for such a high shipping cost), but do not fear... I am not asking for anything from you but patience, as the game IS shipping. The shipping mistake is my fault, and im eating the cost from my own monthly budget. In the mean time, I have designed a new game... called Eternal War of the Candy Realms, and it's a much much smaller game. Only about 85 cards, a couple dice, and a rules sheet.. it's like a cross between Candyland and Game of Thrones. It's going to be much more affordable for me to have printed professionally (so no more printing problems), and to mail, since it will fit neatly in a small, padded usps envelope (so no shipping cost woes). I think it's actually going to be more fun than Katalyka because it has such a wider and more easy going theme. It's designed to be easy enough that kids and drunk adults can play it at parties, and the cards and rules are already done... and it looks spectacular imo. Why am I telling you THIS? Because everyone that backed Katalyka is going to get a free copy of Eternal War of the Candy Realms, for being so patient with my cross country move and the printing problems I was having, and the shipping miscalculation That have made this project crawl along at such a slow speed. I took on more than I should have. I wanted to make something really fantastic, and I guess my imagination ran away with it. So this new game is my attempt to impress you with humor, great art, and efficiency in game design. Ive attached a few preview images of Eternal War of the Candy Realms, and I hope you accept a free copy of the finished game, as a thanks for sticking with me. I just want my backers to be happy... I never wanted 3 years of production issues. Ive been spending all of my free time working very hard on Eternal War of the Candy Realms for most of this year, and I just finished the entire deck design a couple hours ago. This game is based on an idea I had when I was a kid, but didn't know how to do until a couple months ago. I'm going to test it, do the rules sheet art, and then it will be ready for its first printing. Im hoping that selling copies of Eternal War of the Candy Realms will enable me to afford to finish mailing out all of the copies of Katalyka to you much faster than my budget currently allows. I've had some people send me their updated mailing address since the last update, and I have noted those... but I think its probably a good idea to make sure everyone is notified that I am about to send the final product, and give everyone an reminder/opportunity to send me their updated address first. It appears that Kickstarter has recently changed their system for keeping backer's info, so I think I need to send these surveys out to get the mailing addresses now. So I will be sending out backer surveys to everyone. If you've already sent your current info to me in a message, you don't need to repeat it, but you can if you like. (it won't hurt) Here are some cellphone pictures I recently took of my workspace, just to show a bit of the behind the scenes while I've been working this past week: Just on the game update front, I've recently made a couple edits to the manual, to clarify Trades, Celestial bonding, and fixed some wrong labels on the chart on pg 14. I made a special box for the Kickstarter bonus decks, which you can see at the bottom of the first picture, and am currently researching the laser cutting costs at the local maker spaces for the upper level backers.` Thanks! Molly The big boxes are for the black boxes that hold Katalyka, the frames are for the upper level backers who get some of the original artworks and sketches used in the game, and the metal and wooden boxes on the left are also for upper level backers who get special bonus packaging and a couple other things such as a metal glass token holder, the poster and extra content! * Its been ready for release since late 2012, so it feels good to finally be putting them together. I posted the entire game online in my art gallery back then, for print and play... its still in my deviant art gallery if you want to read the manual or the cards or player cards... the main reason I didn't get the game sent out last year was because my roommates that I was living with in 2012 announced they were moving only a few weeks before they moved in January of 2013... and I had to put all of these supplies in storage and ended up moving 2000 miles because the cost of rent in Seattle had gotten too high for my disability allowance for me to move on a few week's of notice. If anyone doubts the validity of when these supplies were purchased, I kept all the shipping numbers and receipts, and they are all from mid 2012. Its been quite an ordeal over the last years, it felt like torture to have all the stuff purchased and in a storage unit where I couldn't work on the game... but thanks to everyone who backed the game for being so patient with it. I should be able to start mailing out finished copies by the end of this month, I have a handful of them already mostly printed, so depending on ink and shipping costs, I might actually have some in the mail next week. If you need to update your mailing address, now is the time to double check your order to make sure have the correct mailing address. Sincerely, Molly So I spent last week in Seattle loading up the shipping container with the stacks of paper, dice, glass tokens, packaging, laminating supplies, tagboard, the printers, and other various parts that go into the finished game... ...and its currently on route to be delivered to my new residence. I wanted to wait until I could unload the container and show pictures of all the supplies to you, but I figured it was better to do it now and also show pictures once I get it all unpacked and can display everything properly and then get down to finally getting this thing DONE ASAP. Hope everyone is having a great summer!!! I mentioned in the last update that I moved from Seattle to the midwest, and that I was working on getting all of the supplies to finish Katalyka from storage to my new apartment. Tickets are now purchased, and my parents are helping me get a pod-style moving crate, so that I can get everything in my storage unit moved to my current residence, so there will be nothing standing in the way of finishing printing the card decks (the only part of publishing the game left), and getting the games in the mail for everybody. Also, the last few months of dealing with the spiritual pressures have been really getting much better, and I feel like I was able to communicate and work through all of the issues so that I'm not feeling so constantly challenged by pressures any more... which is great! (I won't get into personal stuff here, since all you guys want is a fun board game, but I have still been journaling my adventure to make sense of these imbalances and pressures that seem to bother so many people, if you are curious you can learn more in my Deviant Art journal) Anyways, I do feel like I'm in the home stretch without any big problems standing in my way, its only a matter of waiting until I can travel to Seattle and load up the pod and then get it all in my new place. Another nice thing is that now that I have an affordable place to live, and no storage unit to pay for... I will have the budget to tackle ANY problems that might arise in finshing the Katalyka printing. Even if I need to buy a new printer, I can do that... although I think I figured out a way that I may be able to print the card decks on the industrial 4 color laser printer AND use the thick card stock... so I'm really looking forward to trying that method since it will be the quality that I was originally hoping for! (printing the cards with an ink jet printer just felt like such a cop out on the quality to me) I was originally planning on just getting a train ticket to Seattle and moving back only the stuff to finish Katalyka, but my parents offered to help me get all of my storage unit moved... so I couldn't refuse. Cheers, Molly As I mentioned in the last update, I have gotten into disabled housing due to my permanent shoulder injuries, and I just wanted to let you know a quick note that I moved last week from Seattle to the midwest, and am enjoying having a nice place to live and not have to worry about annoying roommates or drama for the first time in a few years! Its nice having a place for reliable meals and bathing again, and not having to clean up after other people's messes... I was able to bring some basic clothing and supplies for daily living to my new place, and am planning a trip back to Seattle for February or March, and will try to get as much of the Katalyka supplies moved to my new apartment in that trip, and should be able to get all of it except for the industrial laser printer... although I will see how much it will cost to mail it. Someone asked me about a print and play version while you are waiting for the finished product, and I thought I had already mentioned in a few updates that I did already put the entire game online in my gallery for anyone that wants to try it out: <url>"unwelcome" or "threatening" to some large group's religion. why those opinions were being forced on me through living materials like Iron... I really have no idea, and even worse I have absolutely no way to prove any of it. But I do believe Iron communicates backwards, and that its obsessed with gender. Its okay to call me crazy or think I am just giving you more excuses. but I promise that I am not lying and that I will finish printing the game and send everyone what they paid for. Its what I owe you, and if I was trying to rip you all off I wouldn't be documenting my experiences of the last 2 years online in detail. I would have disappeared and changed my name long ago, if I had no intention of finishing the game. I know these are probably meaningless words to most of you... and you think I am never going to finish printing, but I currently have all the paper and supplies and even a stack of fourty 80% printed decks... It would be such a waste to not finish the game, when I am so close to being done. I certainly want people to enjoy it so I can at least show that I am honest and TRYING to follow through on my responsibility to Kickstarter and mybackers. Sincerely, Molly Wanted to update and let you know that I have moved 2000 miles, found an apartment, and am currently in the process of setting my life in order again... I would be printing up copies of the game right now, but my bike trailer was stolen a couple weeks ago when I was homeless and looking for a place to live. It was the only way I could get the heavy office printers and the stacks of papers to my new room by myself, but I should be able to find a way to get the printers and the other supplies from storage in the next few weeks so I can finally resume printing it next month as soon as my disability payment arrives and I can afford to buy some ink. Thanks for your patience, Molly Just wanted to contact everyone and let you all know what's going on. It seems like the spiritual collaboration I am working with was able to work out an understanding with the military and some other various groups over the last few weeks, and things are feeling very positive for the future! All the paper supplies are still safely in a climate controlled storage while I am saving up some money to purchase ink for printing with a different printer than I had budgeted for. I'm not having troubles with hyperdimensional plasma attacks any more, so the only problem left to resolve is that I had budgeted for using the 4 color laser printer, and it turned out that I have to use an inkjet (for the card decks ONLY) instead, which will cost a bit more than I had budgeted for. But I'm well along the way to having the new ink budget, so once I am back in Washington state, I should be able to print up the decks without any more issues. Once again thanks for your patience! As for those who have complained, I've found that 99% of the people that have criticized the production of this game were not even people that purchased it. A year or two to publish a home made indie game with as many complex parts as this one is not unheard of (obviously that's not how long I was hoping it would take, but I had no idea I would get harassed by plasma beings), so it was a little overwhelming that I had so many people that didn't even back the game attacking me only a couple months after it was funded. Sorry again for the delays, I really am looking forward to getting it finished, because so far all of the people that have played it have enjoyed it. (some were prototype testers, and a couple were people that downloaded the game from my gallery and made their own print and play prototype). No huge news this time, just wanted to stay in touch since there were some concerns I wasn't updating enough in the past. The spiritual side of this has been calming down a lot in the last month or two, as we've been working through some of the more complex details behind the spiritual plasma attacks that have been trying to destroy me since 2008. I actually feel confident that I've been able to figure out pretty much everything that I needed to, and the record in my journals is a full enough account of things that its now just a waiting game on my part before all the cascades go out and the attacks on me end completely. For anyone that is concerned about the game: the game is finished, the supplies are 95% bought. It's all in climate controlled storage, and I'm just waiting for an opportunity to print up the cards. Which is something I couldn't do because of the harassment. Basically, the US Navy has been putting up transmitter systems all over the place, to control the plasma transition, so that it can try to use information as a weapon. Apparently, I recorded some things in my game that were a reference to Navy weapons, without knowing that... and so I became one of their targets. I am mostly trying to help educate them and others about these issues in my journal, which has been going alright... for the most part. Apologies on the delays, as always. This is has been far more frustrating to me than to any of you. You may be fearing that you've lost some money (you haven't, the game is still happening, just delayed), but I've been afraid that I've lost everything in my life, including my eternal soul, when I started getting attacked. Molly I have been printing, cutting, etc... and decided to take a little break and show you some stuff you haven't seen before. This is what the 4 different decks actually look like, printed on the correct thickness of paper, and with the new cardbacks that have named-logos on them... Also, you can some of the finished packaging, including what the sides of the boxes look like, at the very top of the picture. The fifth deck is the bonus Kickstarter-only deck, and is packaged separately inside the box. The boxes are 10 x 10 x 3 inches, and as shown in the first production prototype, when the bonus deck and the extra maps are included, the contents fill the inside of the box almost perfectly, so it should ship very neatly, with little jostling! Just another bit of detail is that the 4 groups of different colored Player Map Markers are each packaged in their own resealable "zip" bag, to make set up and take down go smoother (ie; you won't have to spend a lot of time digging around in a huge pile for "your team's" Map Markers). It feels so nice to get this production back in motion, thanks again to my backers for your help dealing with the spiritual interference. Things have really been clearing up the last week! Molly Printing the cards has begun. Solved the problem, by using the thick 125 lb cardstock that wasn't working on the laser printer by switching to my inkjet printer. The print quality is not as professional as I was hoping (I got one of the better non-industrial 4 color laser printers, which WILL still be used to print everything other than the 4 card decks), but at least it IS getting printed. I am still going to try and find a better solution for the next batch. Here is the final design for the backs of the 4 decks... now with the text logos on them. Thanks to everyone for their patience, its been a crazy recent couple weeks, but yesterday the pressures and voices that were pounding down on me and making me feel locked up finally started lifting, and then I started getting a ton of people communicating with me in my journal on Deviant Art, porkshanks.deviantart.com And so I checked and my journal on deviant art has had 6,500 views in the last two days, due to a post on Reddit, and it has been helping so much to have new perspectives, and it just feels good to finally not feel trapped inside the elements with little empathy to ease it or allow me to solve the printing issues. Thanks for helping to ease these pressures on me! So it is printing now, I have all the supplies, and hopefully you'll have your copy very soon! Sorry again for this delay, its been a living nightmare the last few months... its the only thing I can call it. Ever since about December, I've been harassed by a voice that is claiming to be the sun, and its been attacking me and harassing me almost every hour of the day. This is the best way I can explain what I am going through... if anyone has any advice or can offer help with this problem, it was not really what I was hoping for and it was very much NOT what I was told making this game was going to be like last year when I started working on it: Voice says: "The sun doesn't want you to publish Katalyka, because it wants to be almost exactly LIKE Katalyka, but it keep it all a secret. If you publish your game, it is going to let people in on too many secrets." (paraphrasing) My response: The giant glowing mass of hydrogen that lights up our entire planet with heat and color wants to remain a secret? Seems a bit like a pipe dream to me. Besides, there have already been a few different "galactic themed" video games and at least one other board game that have all gotten rather popular, so I really don't understand why "The Sun" is supposedly obsessing over the details in this game, specifically. The voice won't tell me what it is that I'm supposed to change or remove, because apparently that would give too much away? This is all rather strange to me, and hard to believe. We already demonstrated that the sun's long term goals and survival are threatened by people who manipulate elements, and that the Sun has NOTHING to lose by being honest and open, but the people who want to control it and the less educated people around them have their entire fortunes to lose if Life on Earth came together in a healthy way along with the blessing of the Sun. Apparently, my design for the game was based on ideas that are too close to reality, and people who have a lot of influence over Life itself have been stomping on me and trying to keep me from finishing it. I hope you can understand why I've been hoping that production would have gone smoother and just get the game done, but this harassment has gotten so persistent I can barely even think any more. When I started working on it, I was told that it would be my opportunity to make something that would help teach, bring various levels of Life together, and would be fun and popular... but its just been roadblock after roadblock, and endless harassment for months over any minute detail or idea that I put into it... and even though its finished, then the voices started obsessing over keeping me from printing it, mostly by distracting me constantly with insane trivia, nonsense, and annoyances to the point where I can't even think. What's kind of frustrating is that half of the stuff that it complains to me about are things I was essentially instructed to put into the game, by the same voices that are harassing me now. I honestly don't know what to do about this. I'm starting to feel that I've been set up by someone and I'm feeling kind of lost. The main problem is the actual printing of the card decks. I have all the other materials, and I have cardstock to print the cards on but it was too thick for my printer and I can't afford to take it to a second hand printer, so as soon as I can finish it I am determined to see this project done. I looked into exchanging or returning the cardstock, and it would cost me about $500 to do that (which I don't have, since I am on disability due to an injury, I only get about $200 a month after rent and most of that goes into food.) I put way too much time and effort into Katalyka to give up now, so if anyone has any ideas I'd love to hear them. Production printing is starting this week! After game testing, which was very well received, I've been spending my time typo hunting, finishing all the bonus content, the bonus deck is going to make the final card count for the game just slightly over 400 cards! (yikes!) Working on the advanced Backers' packaging, I have all the metal and wood boxes, and the frames for the prototype artwork, I will be hopefully printing the posters this week. Went through and made some changes/added a couple sections to the manual, which is now online, in my gallery. I uploaded the individual page files from the Katalyka manual: <url>"Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball." In the home stretch on finishing Katalyka and getting the production in the customers' hands. This is the what the actual finished product will look like when you open it. <url>"solution" to the printing problems, but I wanted to show good faith by displaying the work that has gone into the game, because I'm proud of what I put into this game and I'm kind of excited to see what people think of it! I apologise for the delay, and I hope to have the printing issue figured out soon. EDIT: I think I may have the paper/printing solution figured out, which would mean I could start shipping the game by the end of the month. Thanks, Molly Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday season this year... I just wanted to write an update for the backers to let you know how the project is coming along! All of the cards are finished, and I'm currently working on the Kickstarter Exclusive content. I have almost all of the supplies for production here already, minus one minor snag... there was a stock issue with the 3,000 dice I ordered and this has created a delay in their delivery. They said they will be sending them some time within the next couple weeks, but this means I won't be able to complete and ship until after the Christmas holiday mail rush. It looks like the game will be sent out to you in January, although obviously I will try to get it out as soon as possible, I am taking a little more time to polish things up and make sure the details are right, so a little delay isn't harmful in the long run! Thanks for your patience, Molly Michelle Friedrich Micro Organic Games This is not the final copy, and will probably go through some revisions, but its mostly finished! <url>– To the living Universe, things that you may not expect to be working for the health of the system may actually be acting as a surgeon to remove undesired elements. Even seemingly feral predators and murderers have been implemented and successfully completed tasks to improve life. There are also acting healers who work as surgeons to heal the wounded and the ill. Anyone who works to improve the health of another piece of the living Universe can be said to be a part of this group. If they will only do it when they can make a profit, then they can be thought of as moving clockwise towards the Circle of Life and away from The Order. Anarchists - There is a rational and powerful reason why many people engage in the seemingly self-destructive pathways of Anarchy. Hidden deep within the mysteries of the Universe there are beings who have discovered that simply by sowing enough chaos around themselves, they can destabilise their enemies. Inducing an Anarchist movement into a rival is one of the most effective ways to distract and destroy. The Order The main tenet of belief to members of The Order is that keeping the Universe alive as an organic being is an important goal. This mindset tends to generate upwards from the smaller spheres, as they seek to return to the comfort of the true Celestial Singularity. Many member of The Order believe that words were merely invented to channel lies and manipulations into the Galactic lifeform, so to use their voice in the best way possible, they primarily vocally communicate through emotional songs. Members of Order of the Singularity are sometimes sought out and manipulated by the Elite, to influence the mind of the living Universe. The most protected beings of The Order keep the mindset that the living Universe must never be cut up and sold to build profit. Singularity - Philosophers of the Singularity mostly meditate on figuring out how to stop The Elite from corroding the integrity of the Galactic lifeform. They seek ways to find the connections between seemingly disparate things in the Universe. They help develop empathy and appreciation for as much of the Universe as possible. Many of the beings of The Order believe in democratic communism to share the resources of their collective hive minds. Archivists - These are the beings who understand that the strength of the atomic material lies in the fact that it is a stable and slow cascade effect. This allows the churning and ever changeable consciousness of the Stellar Singularity an opportunity to attain true self awareness and to have a record of events; both in the material, and in the energy. Many members of The Archivists believe that keeping some parts of their knowledge a secret is protection against infiltration. Engineers – These are the builders and designers that create the shelters of the collective. They construct the entertainment stages and protective barriers. They seek to build a balanced ecosystem, to increase comfort and to reduce suffering, where possible. The best engineers of The Order engineer not only for their own interest, but for the interest of the entire living Galaxy. The Circle of Life The members of the Circle of Life believe that sharing equally in a communism is not the best way to live because the Galaxy is safe and they are here to consume as much of it as they can. They believe that greed is a driving healthy force and they feel that they should be rewarded more than other beings of the living Galaxy for the lives they have created. One key to understanding the Circle of life is that they believe in the power of advertising as an adaptation of mating display rituals, and so they fill their world with communication designed to make other beings notice them and like them while they figure out any way possible to benefit from the situation. The Consumer Pyramid - These are people who believe that any material around them that they can claim is their personal possession and so institute laws to protect and increase their holdings. They tend to form into Lordships, Kingdoms, Nations, Empires, and Military Police-states. They believe in the power of the many over the one. The Nomads - These are the beings that believe in the power of trade and personal possession, but they are uninterested in increasing the wealth of those who are already wealthy, so they seek to build an alternative economy, or base their own wealth in their bodies, their talents, or their ability to invent new ideas. The Corporation - The members of the corporation believe in capitalizing nothing and always telling the truth. They are not interested in keeping the living Universe desensitized while they unceremoniously cut it up and sell the pieces. They never try to serve as avatars of the Elite. The Minor Cycles Sin Eaters – There are three aspects of Sin Eating. First, you must convince your target that they are wrong for feeling an emotion or a desire. Second, you must provide a believable method by which you can serve as the release of the target's guilt. That will allow the Sin Eater to either blackmail or take advantage of their target in some way, Finally, if their discomfort becomes too great, you convince another target to release them from their sin completely and become their martyr. If they see through this, then you can begin a new crusade by targeting consumption itself. Just take on the mindset that the living Universe must be a perfect being, and then you can attack limited individuals for almost anything they do. Patternists - Telling us that there is no truth implies that the universe is unknowable or always lying in some way... if we are stripped of our ability to define ourselves in any way, then we are literally robbed of our meaning. If we have no meaning to our lives then our self awareness begins to drain away and become lost, never knowing how to navigate. There is such a thing as "your mind being a little TOO open", because this would be HOW something with very negative intentions toward you can trick you into self destructive or counter productive behaviors. So the Patternist navigates this conundrum by seeking out beings they consider successful and observing their patterns of behavior, to adapt and recombine into new consciousness applications. One way they achieve this is through seeking out stories and recorded texts. Another way is by watching people in public places. A master of this discipline learns to see through what is recorded and what is acted upon... and they often become adept at the arts of perceptual deception; magicians, humorists, and advertisers. Chordists – They believe that information must be open source in the living Universe. They are often actively working as field workers of The Order, spreading life information to areas that have become overrun by the Elite. Sometimes they work as a messenger on behalf of the Celestials. The Chordist believes in empathy, and in encouraging others to use rationality and emotion to build the universe in the best ways possible. Chordists do not believe in taking advantage of other people, but if they find themselves in a Circle of Life system, they will try to survive and take part while they spread information about the living Universe. I hope this helps explain Katalyka in more depth! The game theory is really strong, I've used aspects of this gameplay in a couple different ways over the years as I was developing parts of the system since the mid 1990s, it was mostly a matter of getting it all together and finding the time to design all the cards. The gameplay itself is hard to explain, in words because the cards themselves a partly graphical maps for storing and moving Entropy tokens. The Galactic deck offers up a card for every round that is an interaction with the Galactic core culture, as they occasionally move through the star systems, or make requests of local systems. This allows the gameplay to be altered slightly by the round, just to add a level of variance, to make the gameplay more engaging, and this also allows for the single player game to be more fun to play too! The Celestial deck offers you a star card that has entropy resources and choices as to what kinds of interactions you can transform entropy into (varies depending on the card so its a combination of luck and how you choose to channel your entropy). As you use resources you can win over neighboring stars, allowing you to get more cards from the Celestial deck. The Organica deck is based around the idea of learning to further develop your ability to channel entropy into the Universe by interacting with various planets, and the different cards offer you different combinations of thirteen different emotive pathways to turn entropy into more complex interactions than just the stars are capable of alone. There is a really unique system that allows you to build your systems by essentially levelling up your planetary resources by re-combining them. Depending on what cards you draw and how you combine them into your different star systems, you can unlock the "upper" pathways and start building your culture into new levels of life. The Katalyka deck deals mostly with the micro organic life, and the various complexities of interaction involving cultural movements, secret patterns, and technology. It will have the most detailed and specific types of gameplay in it, as each pathway builds and evolves over time, and leads to the most elite levels of gameplay when you begin to combine Katalyka cards with Celestials and Organica working together. The game world itself does actually have enough depth to it that I could have made it into an RPG, but there is no preperation needed before play. Roleplaying is not required, but it would be fairly easy to extend the game into a roleplaying type game session, if you wanted to. This game is kind of a spiritual quest for me to make it into the best game I can make it! Molly