As stated in the last update, we are moving to a different warehouse. We still have to transport our machines over ($1000 in transportation per machine =[...) to the new warehouse. We are still routing all of the necessary air compression lines, electrical lines, take down&amp;erect walls for offices or work space, reception area, etc... More details on the new warehouse will be released on completion. We sincerely appreciate your patience while we try to hammer everything out all at the same time! THANK YOU SO MUCH! Soooo.. about a month ago this happened... What is it? A broken $500 water pump that led to... A deep red colored, rotten smelling, coolant =[. That's ok though, we replaced it and produced... 1250 KeyonPod sides all in their glory!!! =OOOOOOO The Aftermath... 12 hours a day/6 days a week. A lot of blood, sweat, and tears but DEFINITELY worth it if you ask me. Here is one of the Titanium blocks that came in! Can you believe it weighs 50lbs?!? We can finally start working on the titanium pieces now =]. Here is the Machine Tumbler that we picked up recently, it's a really dirty operation but the final product is delightful: It produces a very rugged look but the physical finish is absolutely smooth and stunning. Let us know if you are interested in this finish and we will arrange a change on your order. Also picked up a drilling machine to help drill out the holes, VERY helpful! But our sandblaster started leaking sand, A LOT OF SAND... =[. Currently being fixed right now so we can start sand blasting some of the sides for those of you who ordered bead-blasting! Hey Backers! Tung here, and I'll be giving you an update on what is happening with the KeyonPod and more importantly, detailing out what is going on with shipping. As for a status on production and how we're doing, here's a couple of pictures we were able to capture. There are about ~450 side pieces in the picture above, that's approximately 225 KeyonPods. We are aiming for 300 complete pieces (600 side pieces in total) before we move onto the middle piece, clicker, and get the complete set painted (for those who backed for a color choice.) Just to give you guys an idea of how long it took us to make these, we spent the whole month of January to turn this bucket of 250 metal pieces: Into this. (125 Complete pieces): It will take us another week to go from that box to the finalize side piece: As mentioned before in a previous update, we only have 1 machine to work with to produce the Keyonpod (other machines are being used for the machinist's other projects.) Keep in mind that this one machine is constantly running the KeyonPods 12 hours a day, 6 days a week. It's the fastest pace we can go. 2nd Batch was completed and just picked up the third batch today (300 pieces): Along the way we fixed a couple of errors made with the screw hole on the side of the Keyonpod: [ Left: Before | Right: After ] BEFORE: AFTER: The screw now sits flushed with the side. We had to go back to all of the sides we had made and do this quick change, it cost us about a two-three day fix. Shipping problem: Some of you had been informed that there was a manufacturing problem with our shipping packages. Apparently, the company the was suppose to supply us with the plastic shipping containers bailed out on us and was unable to produce any product for us. They did not inform us of the incident until the week before Christmas which was far too late for us to be able to ship any items out around Christmas time. So to replace the original plan with the plastic containers we are going to just place the KeyonPod onto the instructional assembly paper and have it shipped out in a bubble wrapped envelope. This was done to the 50 Raw units we had shipped out beginning of January. We had also received multiple e-mails of complaint on how unfair it is that we are only shipping a limited amount at a time. To clear things up originally we had planned to have 250 units completed and have them shipped out all at one time, so there would have been 4-5 shipment phases. Due to the complaints however, we are forced to switch this 2-3 shipping phases. So each shipment will have 500 units. What are your thoughts and opinions on this? We can stay with the 250 units and ship out immediately, or 500 units and have a bigger bulk shipment? Due to this issue we do not have an estimated time of delivery for the product yet. Given the fact that it takes us a whole month to create approximately 125 KeyonPods, I predict that this project won't be completed until the end of this year, that means EVERY backer from Kickstarter and buyer from our website will be fulfilled with their KeyonPod. I know I haven't been on my game with updates and answering e-mails. I've been trying to hammer this project out as fast as possible but am limited to the amount I can make within a given day. I am at the warehouse from 11am-1am everyday (besides sunday) to make the KeyonPod. If you have any doubt that I am trying to fulfill your backings you are free to come by to take pictures, record videos, etc... and vouch that the project is being produced. I will be going over all e-mails so please leave an e-mail at <email> if you have any questions or concerns about your order. Thank you for your time and patience -Tung Hey Backers, So we received some footage of the production for the second half of the Keyonpod. Wasn't really much to see except for some metal on metal action. Three boxes of Keyonpods were completed, each box contains approximately 130 pieces (~390 total). The back still needs to be milled out and then we will head towards assembly of the entire product and shipping. We are still awaiting on our shipment packages to arrive (The plastic container shown in previous updates and the instructional print that will be attached the plastic container.) Out of the 390 Keyonpods, Half will go towards assembly and shipment right away, while the other half will be shipped out to another company for preparation of the painting process (If your reward level allowed you to choose a color.) We will keep the update coming once we receive all of the necessary packaging equipment needed for the beginning of the shipping phase. Thank you for your time-Tessrand Hey Backers, We had left a camera at our manufacturer's warehouse for the past week to see what is happening over there and will be stopping by to pick it up over the weekend. They assured us that a couple of footage were taken and photos as well. We will relay those media to you guys as soon as we get our hands on them. The shipment date is still set at 12/16/13 and we will continuously ship products out after that date as they are completed. Also, please understand that it is out of our power as to how many products are being produced at a time. We can only hope that enough will be made so we can ship out all the earlybirds before Christmas. We are truly thankful for your patience and support these past few months. -Tessrand Hey KeyonPod backers, Currently in our production phase we have completed two batches of Keyonpods, reaching up to ~450 units in total for one side of the Keyonpod. We started on the second side of the Keyonpod but had to go back and remodel it due to complaints during it's field testing. The original design was ok but the contact point of both sides on the Keyonpod was not sturdy enough to keep the whole unit together (the backend without the screw pops out if there is not enough keys in). The chief complaint of the original design was that it would easily fall apart so we had to come up with a new design to keep both sides of the KeyonPod to sit flush and tight together. The image above shows three different types of solutions we came up with to combat the situation. We ended up choosing figure B to replace the original design due to it being the most robust out of the three designs. Figure B allows both sides of the Keyonpod to share a mid contact point rather than having one dominant side. There will also be a small pin in the middle of the contact point so the second side of the Keyonpod will have a small hole at the end; As shown in the image below. We created a 3D prototype of the new design and the clicker was able to sit flushed together perfectly with no play at all. We also created a 3D print of the screw that will go in your keys. We apologize that there will be a delay with the shipments. We want to perfect our product before shipping them out to our customers. The last thing we want is to ship out a bunch of Keyonpods and have us recall it and replace it. We will be pushing the shipment date to the 16th of December and approximately 250 units (Any order that is RAW) will be shipped out by then (cerakoting takes a little bit longer than the raw one). This will be shipping on a rolling basis. We will be notifying each person individually and giving you a tracking number once your order is being shipped out. Our machines are back up running again and each Keyonpod (entire unit besides screw) takes approximately 26 minutes to make. We have read the comment section and this is to clarify that AlloyEverything is a machine shop that helps design and manufacture a lot of other Kickstarter campaigns. If you have any further questions or concerns please contact us at the following e-mail address: <email>. If you have any question please email this as we do not have enough man power to check 3 different sources and the inbox is easier for us as we can do it mobile. Thank you for your time and patience Have a wonderful Thanksgiving! -Tessrand Hey Backers, We sincerely apologize for the delay on the communication. We had been very busy trying to put the KeyonPod into production and promise that you will like what you are about to see. We are excited to say that manufacturing for your KeyonPods will start next Monday on 10/21/13! First off, we had been rearranging our machines so it will be more organized and convenient for the productiong of the KeyonPod. As you can see this was no easy task as these machines are very heavy, costly, and time consuming to set up. Look at all those metal blocks! Can't wait to put them through production to create all the beautiful KeyonPods! But...... We first had to put some of the blocks through a very vigorous test for precise specifications. Turned out excellent wouldn't you say? These examples had also been sandblasted to give it a nice look and feel. ON TO THE NEXT PHASE! Here is an example of a clear plastic box we had created these past few weeks that will contain your orders. These boxes will maintain the quality and prevent any damages to your KeyonPod during the shipment from our warehouse to your mailbox. Included with the shipping packages will be instructions on how to assemble the product together. As you can see, the assembly of the KeyonPod isn't time consuming and fairly simple to put together. Once again we are truly sorry for the delay in communications and updates that you were expecting these past few weeks. We will be working our very best to provide you with the latest updates. Please understanding that there may be certain delays that may prevent us in doing so. Thank you for your time and patience. Have a wonderful weekend! We finally got 70 percent of the web store up the images are still being worked on. We will be adding additional tools check it out: www.Tessrand.com Project update: We got 90 percent of the funds in amazon and waiting on the 14 day window. Then we shall commence operation Keyonpod build. =] Hey guys, Thanks for supporting us!!!! If your payment did not go through please update your credit card information or if you would still like to pledge we can process you through our own website or paypal. Here is our semi awesome (work in progress) Website: Tessrand.com When it is up you can purchase additional add on and other accessories (It should be up tonight) We are doing our best to fix a couple bugs for order tracking/address change and so on and so forth. I am giving away 5 Sets of 5 tools!!!! Like the facebook page for a chance to win it. Facebook.com/tessranddesign Shoutouts First I would like to thank all our backers. I really appreciate you guys believing in what I am doing and help making it a reality I would like to give a big shoutout to the guys at AlloyEverything for helping us prototype and manufacture. Give them a call if you need prototyping, manufacturing or have a great Idea. We used their new product program. Alloyeverything.com Project Update As of current we are doing a little design tweak to the Keyonpod to make it more durable. As soon as the funding comes through we will be ordering the material. The survey will be sent out by the time we start cerakoting or anodizing the Keyonpod. You will be able to tell us which tools your pledge for. We will be doing periodic updates, through emails, facebook and our website. Thanks again guys!!! Thanks guys for the awesome Kickstarter support!! Our Stretch Goal for doubling is: More color <url>" target="_blank"&gt; We have a 50/50 chance of a glow in the dark White. Finger cross =] These are the 5 ADD-ON: You can add "5 dollars" to your pledge per a tool. At the end of the Kickstarter Compaign a survey will be sent out, asking which tools you have pledge for and what your shipping address will be. Please add 5 dollars per a tool to your pledge if you would like any. <url>" target="_blank"&gt; Bottle opener <url>" target="_blank"&gt; Hex tool <url>" target="_blank"&gt; Can Opener <url>" target="_blank"&gt; Phillips <url>" target="_blank"&gt; Flathead Last and finally not least our website is almost done: Tessrand.com