Backers! The day has come to announce Last Year is finally coming to Steam on December 10th. What wild ride the past few years have been. Without you, none of this would have been possible. You believed in Last Year since day one and the team and I are incredibly proud to finally deliver the game to you. And this is just the beginning.... <url>’s been overrun by a menacing creature infestation. The infestation introduces PVE to Last Year’s asymmetric formula, and delivers a deeper, more brutal survival layer for both Fiends and Classmates. In this update, East Side High School has been redesigned and re-imagined. Players will enter the world on their own terms thanks to another brand new feature: Maining. Players can now play as any Fiend or Classmate 100% of the time, as the original character selection system has been completely overhauled from the ground up. Chapter 1: AFTERDARK also introduces a brand new progression and customization system. Fiends and Classmates are rewarded for good deeds with unlockable cosmetics, emotes, and arcane abilities. With each new Chapter comes a new batch of unlockable content, but that content is ONLY available to be unlocked during the Chapter. Once a player unlocks a piece of content during a Chapter, they’ll have that item forever, but to own it they’ll have to unlock it before the next Chapter begins. There are tons of new features that we’re excited to start sharing, and the development team is working on new Chapters that we can’t wait to surprise you with. Last Year is a sandbox for horror that will bring new and unexpected Fiends and features with each new release. Keys In the coming days you will be receiving your Steam key(s) from keymailer. There is nothing you need to do at this time except ensure your kickstarter account emails are up to date. We'll be sending out another backer update to notify you as keys are being sent, so you will know the moment it happens. Additional Rewards All additional rewards, including the soundtrack, skins, and more, are of course coming, and these will be arriving a little after launch of Afterdark. We need to take some time and let the dust settle with the progression and customization system and ensure it's stable once the game is live. Once we are confident that the backend for the customization system is working as it should, we'll be launching all the additional rewards. The past years have been filled with incredible challenges of building a team, and a game, from scratch. When you originally backed this game, many of you have graduated high school or university, got married, had kids, or perhaps found a new job or career. I've been working on Last Year non-stop since that day, and I'm grateful for having that opportunity. The team and I hope you'll have just as much enjoyment from playing it as we have from making it all these years. Chapter 1 is just the beginning of a new content that we're excited to release. Thank you Backers, -James We've been getting several messages from backers not being able to answer the survey. One of the reasons: folks are using different emails to manage their KS accounts. In order to make things easier for everyone, we'll be sending all backer entitlements (your beta access key, complimentary Discord full game key, your promised Steam key and other digital rewards) to the email used the first time when you backed the game and payment was collected. Just giving everyone a heads up to avoid further confusion and simplify our reward distribution method. Stay tuned as something is coming your way...soon. ;) The Elastic Games Development Team Hello all! Today, we are proud to reveal our official trailer . We hope you like it! I'd like to take this opportunity to remind you once more to update your Kickstarter emails for future important communication. More info coming your way very soon! Cheers, Jay Acevedo Head of Brand and Communications Remember we talk to you about a big partner? Well... We’re proud to announce that we’re launching first on Discord later this Fall! Full announcement on our new website (hope you like it, btw!) but we'll be sharing more in the coming days/weeks. Speaking of website, there are cool wallpapers and screenshots available within the MEDIA section. ;) Part of the team will be at PAX West (Booth # 7108) so if you're around, come say hi and play the game. We'd be happy to shake some hands and all. The road to launch continues and expect more from us. We are cooking something very cool for you and the entire Last Year community. My oh my... Hello dear backer, Quick note to let you all know that we have reached an important level in our development cycle. While many of these things aren't made for public knowledge (i.e. business-oriented matters), we'd like to reassure you that despite certain belief on the internet, our game is far from being cancelled. We've also received countless messages asking for the promised rewards. They are still there and will be honored, so rest assured on that front. We are prepping to reveal many things in a very near future, including an update on our previously-revealed release date and the launch of our official DISCORD server. Once we have our path settled for the next pulse point, we will open the floodgates and hope that you - and new people outside of the Kickstarter community - will join us towards launch. Until then, I'd like to thank you for the interest, high energy and passion shown towards our game and appreciate your patience. Forward always, Jay Acevedo Head of Brand &amp; Communications Elastic Games Hello hello! Quick note to let you know that our game had an amazing presence last week in Boston! The reception was simply phenomenal and it injected an extra dose of energy in our "road to launch" phase. If you were at the show (we know some of you were), we'd like to thank you once more for coming and play with us! Photo Album (in case you missed some of the action last week!) Cheers, The Elastic Games Dev Team! Hello Backers! This is Kevin, your new marketing and community guy. James and the team are hard at work on making Last Year the best asymmetrical game possible so it falls to me to update you guys this time. Fan Discord Channel We have a great new Discord channel setup with the help of Krokodiel89, we will be having weekly Friday conversations with fans about the game, art asset uploads, and behind the scenes news loaded up there. Plus, it’s a great place to meet people and plan your future groups escape route from Last Year. Did I mention that I am there all the time as well? See you soon backers, Link - <url>’s Etienne Malepart and I’m the newest member of the Elastic Games’ team and I am going to be working on Last Year The Game. I’ve just recently finished my bachelor's at NAD (3D Animation and Image Synthesis) and I’ve been hired on the project as a Junior Technical Game Designer. That said, I’ll be mostly working on UI integration, to help make the experience smooth and intuitive. So far, I’ve mostly worked on the killer selection screen, which lets you choose between killers before you start a match. I’ve also started working on the in-game HUD and we are really excited to share that with you guys in the near future. I’m really thrilled to be a part of this adventure, considering I am a huge fan of team-based competitive games as well as horror games. Traps, Shotguns, and Motion Tracker We are happy to share with you two new finalized art assets, the Trap, the Shotgun and talk a bit about how we are reworking the Motion Tracker. The Wire Trap is finally done! Although we have covered the trap in the past we are now at the point of calling this locked down in both appearance and function. It’s been a cool journey for the wire trap, from pen to in-game, and at this point we are excited to see how all you Killers use it in the August beta. At the moment, multiple traps can be dropped across choke points, wide corridors and on top of darkened areas where they are hard to see creating both great ambush locations and cutting off survivor retreat options. Don’t worry about how big it looks, after hundreds of hours of testing internally we can vouch for you guys that when the environmental lighting combines with the gameplay you will always find yourself running into these at the worst possible times. The Shotgun is a single barrel, limited ammo weapon. Very powerful and a great way to level the playing field with the Killer, especially if your 2-3 teammates down. Remember if you miss the first time you could be in a lot of trouble. Ammo is not something you will find in the world easy and the Shotgun is difficult in the best of times to acquire. We went through a few different iterations of it but we finally settled on a single barrel hunting shotgun for its look. The Motion Tracker is coming along. We are doing a new pass on The Motion Tracker. We found that the past motion tracker currently in-game didn’t really work well broadcasting two critical things. If the Killer was close and if your defensive camera flash had blinded him. As you can see we are busy on reworking this and have some cool close to final concepts. We look forward to sharing the in-game model with you soon. Next Time That is it for this time, we are looking forward to sharing with you next time all the hard work the team has put into several gameplay advancements and matching making scenario. We have so much we want to share with you next time! See you next time! Hello everyone and Happy Holidays! Today we're incredibly excited to annnounce that Last Year has raised a $560,000 investment from the Canada Media Fund ($390,000), Business Development Bank Of Canada ($150,000) and Fondation Montreal Inc ($20,000 grant). Our mission has always been to bring you the highest quality game possible and this additional investment helps us get even closer to that goal. With your help, the total amount of funding raised for Last Year so far is over $930,000 CAD. This newly acquired investment will enable Elastic Games to hire even more talented staff who will be working full time and making Last Year the most thrilling multiplayer horror game available. In the most recent gameplay reveal (see here <url>’s that time of year again and the team is incredibly excited to finally share in-game footage with you. Today we finally reveal Predator Mode, the Killer’s special set of abilities that enables him to stalk and hunt down the survivors. All footage is captured directly in game at 60 FPS on PC using the latest version of Unreal Engine 4.This is our benchmark for the quality for characters, sound, and atmospheric environments that you will experience with Last Year. With each environment we are crafting a location that tells a story, an immersive world that makes you feel like you’re living inside a movie. We’re also incredible excited to share the first two official screenshots of Last Year with you. Click for full 2K resolution! Troy and Samantha attempt to take on The Giant. Troy is weilding a home made taser, one of the many craftable items in the game. It gives survivors the ability to temporarily stun the Killer and make a daring escape. Fighting back against The Killer when you're in a group can sometimes be successful, but when you're all alone you are almost certain to face death. Here, Amber is on the run from the Slasher and tries (unsuccessfully) to hide in the basements of East Side. Please welcome our new Marketing and Community Director, Kevin Scharf, who happens to be another fellow colleague from Eidos Montreal who has joined the team!. Kevin: Hello Backers and Happy Halloween! My name is Kevin Scharf and I am the new guy in this band of developers! My official role/title on the Last Year team is Marketing Director but in essence I’m the guy who is now making sure that you are all up-to-date, that the public is excited for this great project you helped fund, and that our trailers, marketing material, and brand are kickass, and that all of us are having a blast. This game wouldn’t be possible without you guys and I just want you all to know that we will always put you first, the people who got us here in the first place. I hope you enjoyed our Last Year – Predator Mode Reveal Trailer and I look forward to getting even more cool content and videos to you guys! From this point forward you should all expect a lot more communication, a revamp of our Facebook page www.facebook.com/lastyearthegame and Twitter Feed www.twitter.com/lastyeargame and some upcoming surprises. I look forward to sharing this journey to launch with all of you, and making Last Year the best multiplayer horror title possible. Taking time to craft a legend Now that we have had a chance to share our vision for quality with all of you (barring missing animations and further polish) we feel that its time to have an important talk with not only our backers but the public at large. Last Year has been an amazing journey so far for the team working on it. From starting with an idea in James Wearing’s head, to 2 people bouncing ideas between each other during lunch breaks, to the modest sized team we have currently (which was built with your help and backing), we have always been consistent in one thing. We put quality first. Quality is not only visuals but game mechanics, game design, maps, sounds, packaging, matchmaking, progression, and so much more. It is the very thing that can elevate a relatively unknown title and turn it into something special. To that end we believe that we need more time to ensure that everyone gets the best quality game possible. So we are moving our release date from Late November 2016 to a beta in Mid August 2017 . This was a tough decision for the team but we know you, our fans and backers, want something that is not only great to look at, but is also great to play with your friends and with the Last Year community. We promise you all that the wait will be worth it. For our fans who missed our Kickstarter but have been emailing us about wanting to help: we have not forgotten about you. We will be opening up a limited window on reserving your place as a “late backer” and getting a chance to have the same benefits as our current Backers. Though we haven’t set the date yet we, stay tuned to this Facebook page for the confirmed date to reserve your backer status. We're also super excited to finally share the news of the music team that has been composing the soundtrack for Last Year. We have teamed up with Pixel Audio, one of Montreal's leading composition teams. The Predator Mode reveal trailer was composed by the team at Pixel and gives you a sample of what the team is creating for Last Year. for more information on pixel visit www.pixelaudio.ca We're excited to be working with Pixel because of their ability to create such a vast and wide ranging set of styles. Last Year features a fully dynamic music system created by the team and Pixel that caters to the audio experience of each player. What the Killer hears is completely different than what Survivors hear, and Pixel is hard at work crafting a sonic-story that will immerse you into the role of a Killer or Survivor. Once again none of this would be possible without your help and believing in Last Year from the beginning. We hope the Predator Reveal trailer gives you a sense of the quality and immersiveness to expect when Last Year is ready and we have a LOT more to show you in the coming months. Happy Halloween!! -Last Year development team www.facebook.com/lastyearthegame www.twitter.com/lastyeargame Hey everyone! I’m extremely proud to share that Epic Games, creator of the Unreal Engine, has contributed $17,000 USD towards the development of Last Year. The team at Epic has been keeping an eye on Last Year and it’s incredible to have such a powerhouse developer backing us with their support. We’ve been fairly quiet about our tech and engine plans till now but I’m happy to say with Last Year you’ll be seeing Unreal 4 pushed to the fullest extent. I want to express a huge thank you to the team at Epic for their continued support and believing in us. James Hey all! I wanted to share an early behind the scenes look of some cool stuff happening since the last update. As you already know the inspiration for Last Year comes is based on classic high school character cliches and set in classic movie locations. At the start of the project, when it was basically just an idea kicking around in my head long before the Kickstarter happened, the original plan was to set the game in a 1980s summer camp and all the characters would be dressed like campers and camp counsellors. Once I actually started digging into design ideas for the setting and characters it became clear there were a lot more interesting opportunities for building on stereotypes and environments from the late 90s....and being a 90s kid myself I felt I had a lot more experience growing up around similar types of characters. This is how the year 1998 was chosen for when the game takes place and that shift in the game's era is also when game became much more than jsut a “camp killer” game, it became what you see today on Kickstarter: A much broader teenage slasher that takes place in a variety of familiar locales including the highschool, suburbs, and the mall. Today I wanted to share a look into the research and creation process of recreating characters of that era starting with Chad for the execution and trapping prototype that I'm currently working on. Here is a quick side by side showing the original chad concept and a work in progress of the in game character model. I recently showed this character work in progress to a friend and the first thing they said was “I just wanna punch Chad in the face!”. That confirmed to me it's on the right track of conveying Chad's arrogant, bully type of personality. Theres a certain degree of interpretation when sculpting from a concept so balance has to be found between how 1:1 the character should look to the concept vs creating what actually works and looks good in the game engine. Here is how the the head sculpt starts out before hair, eyes and textures have been added: An interesting thing with these types of movies is the actors always seem to look older than the age they are supposed to be playing...at least in the ones that are somewhat comical and self aware. An 18 year old character could be played by a 25 year old for example. Thats a bit of the idea here as well...he doesn't necessarily look exactly like an 18 year old, but just similar enough to pass as one in a film. For the costumes a lot of effort has been going into designing the right clothing style too. The concept image usually gives a good overall impression of silhouette and style but it doesn't give a lot of information on details like fabric, wrinkles, and material properties. Thats where photo refs are being used. Below is the concept and then various jacket photos that are used as a reference guide to help give the detail information needed when sculpting. The jacket is your classic letterman/varsity jacket with leather arms, a felt base, elastic around the neck and wrists, and various collegiate and sports patches. Originally, Marvellous Designer (a 3d modelling program for fabric and clothing) was used for building the base jacket model and technically it felt realistic but for this particular character it required hand sculpting the model to accurately capture the way these jackets look and feel. The same goes for the jeans below. The concept gives a good overall impression of the outfit but lacks specific photo and wrinkle detail for sculpting so photo refs are used in conjunction to give a proper sense of fabric folds, details and texture variation. Above is work in progress of the in game legs. For the jeans it's quite challenging too because using any old type of jeans won't really capture the effect of a 90s guy. 90s jeans are a lot more distinct because they're straiter/baggier than something you'd see today. They kind of hang down and have longer vertical folds. The shoes haven't been textured yet so they won't look solid white in the final version but this is the shape and design. They'll be black/white just like a good old worn out pair of converse. My goal is attention to detail by researching the right fabric and fashion styles of the time to properly convey the distinct 90s feeling and make you feel like you are in a movie..more so to say just throwing on a pair of generic looking jeans. Every aspect is being thoroughly researched, refined, and tweaked until it becomes convincing for that era. Not final textures, these are just solid colors applied to a base material to get a sense of color palette. It'll have proper looking felt/leather/jeans material types when finalized. Another larger close up: New website!! The new last year website is almost done too! Heres a preview of how the new home page looks. There are still a few small things I'm tweaking before getting it online (still temp text and blank spots in places) but it is going to function as the primary hub for all the news updates, behind the scenes, and community very soon. All the other pages are done and in the final tweaks phase. The new site will also serve as an additional funding platform for people who only have Paypal or other methods and were not able to pledge on Kickstarter originally. The Canada Media Fund announced the deadline for the funding programs: May 12th 2016. As mentioned previously the next stage of last year funding is applying for through the Canada Media Fund experimental stream fund. I'm close to having the final application complete and I expect to submit it long before the final closing date. The key factors in the CMF's evaluation of game projects is their innovation factor.I'm focusing my effort on detailing the mechanics and scenarios that make last year innovative and unique as much as possible. As soon as it's submitted I'll let you guys know in another update and you'll also know as soon as word from them comes back. In the meantime I'll be hard at work getting the website up, the execution/chad prototype running in game, and finalizing the CMF proposal. Thanks again guys have a great rest of the weekend! Go Habs Go! -James Update #7 New location, idea gathering, 4 days left! I received a few questions about what the dlc/update plans are once the game is finished and whether or not new content will be added post launch. All backers will receive all updates included free of charge..including any additional maps/characters. It wouldn't really make sense to charge backers for content when the backers are the ones who made something possible in the first place so expect all future content to be included. The first element of content updates will be map 3: The Mall. An environment illustration by a new talented artist that's joining Last Year development. Locked in the Mall overnight The mall isn't designed as an abandoned or decrepit place. It's still a very much functional mall during the daytime. The survivors have been accidentally locked inside at night and must escape from the Killers. The Mall's atmosphere and goal a space we've all seen in everyday life but experienced in a different way (darker, emptier, mysterious). As a kid I dreamed of how cool it would be being locked in a mall overnight and all the fun stuff I'd do..that would actually still be pretty sweet to do right now! Think of all the unlimited candy, epic nerf battles, exploring hidden places and ultimate games of hide and seek you could do. The Mall aims to capture that feeling of wonder and exploration but in a way thats slightly more....murdereous.. Points of interest in the mall: Department Store (changing rooms, counters, clothes racks) Arcade (arcade machines, foosball tables, skee ball) Car garage in the basement Restaurant/Bar Bathrooms Escalators and Elevators Mall security area Food courts / tables <url>"Manage Your Pledge" or following this guide HERE You'll receive 6 copies of the finished game + 6 beta invitations + a backers exclusive Killer skin + All the previous rewards. Sweet!! One last thing: I thought you guys might also be interested in checking out this other horror themed Kickstarter called Devils Bluff that has a interesting retro-horror style.You can check out Here . It's a multiplayer murder mystery which sounds like it would be a really fun party game. Thank you everyone for all the continued support! James Funding successful with still 11 days to go!! Wow, a big thank you is due here. Thank you guys so much for making this happen. The amount of support and backing you've given to Last Year is truly humbling and inspiring. Not enough thanks can be said. I'm honestly just super happy that you guys are as passionate and excited about it as I am. Again, Thank you . Whats is so cool is that a majority of fans came not from the mainstream press but instead they came from sites like imgur, 9gag, dorkly, reddit and others. It really goes to show the power of people voting and choosing what they like and what they share. That was very unexpected for me. A special thanks to those of you that shared it with your friends have helped spread the word. More updates coming very soon on additional reward tiers and some awesome collaborative opportunities. Thank you again. Sincerely, James Wearing THANK YOU!!! 70% Achieved!! Almost there!! Firstly I want to give a huge thank you to all of you who’ve supported the project. We just crossed 70% mark and the feedback so far has been amazing!! It honestly means a lot to me to see so many people back this and send so many messages of support. To get messages from fans saying they’ve dreamed of this game since they were a kid makes it makes it feel worthwhile and that you are on to building something special. So thank you for that, thank you for pledging, the kind words and sharing in the passion for the game. Thank you!! New rewards tiers incoming! Some new reward tiers are incoming in the next days and one of those rewards is the chance to work alongside one of the concept artists to design your own Killer or Survivor that will be featured in the full game. You and the concept artist will work together to plan, research, illustrate, and finalize a high quality character that matches the style and atmosphere of the game. Artistic skills not required - all you need to bring are some creative ideas and passion and you’ll work closely with a talented artist who will help bring those ideas to life. Once approved that design will then be modelled, animated and integrated into the final game where everyone will have the chance to play as that character and you will be credited as the creators. There’s only going to be one of these rewards so it’ll be a first come first serve basis. The reward will be opened at the exact same time as the next update goes up in the next few days. Mac / Console versions? I receive a lot of questions about mac / console support so I just wanted to share some feedback on it. I’ll also update the FAQ so thanks to those of you who asked about it for helping with that. Multiplatform development is incredibly expensive and challenging. I love those platforms but my goal right now is to deliver a successful PC version first. One step at a time...Afterwards, the plan is to maintain a high level of support for PC and then start looking at expanding the game on additional platforms. But, the priority is to deliver a high quality PC version first and not bite off more than can be chewed. Cover art Also I think it would be cool to have you guys vote on the games cover art you like the best. I’ll be showing the first iteration of a cover art next as well. Stay tuned for those updated reward tiers on the next update coming in the few days. Thank you all again for the support. Have a great Friday all! Cheers! James <url>’s studio in Germany. Three months later I was on a flight to Frankfurt. The first thing I asked the Crytek employee that picked me up from Frankfurt airport was “What’s the game we’re going to make?”. He responded in a thick german accent, “It’s called Crysis”. I was stoked just from hearing the name even though I had no idea what it was going to be about. Getting the chance to work on the first Crysis and help shape some of the tools of CryEngine was an incredible learning experience and entry to the world of making cutting edge tech. A couple years later I received a similar job offer but this time it was from Lon Bender, an Oscar award winning sound supervisor that founded sound effects company Soundelux. Oddly enough I remember watching the 1996 Oscars and seeing Lon accepted the academy award for Best Sound on Braveheart. In 1996, I had no idea who he was... but here I was 11 years later on the phone with the same guy and now he was asking me to come work on films in LA. It was another surreal moment. When I got the call I was actually in Sweden interviewing at DICE. Three months later again I was on a flight to sunny Los Angeles and soon working beside people who had made soundtracks for films like Black Hawk Down and Braveheart. While in LA I met some folks that introduced me to the sound department at Ubisoft Montreal and shortly afterwards I took a position as the Lead Sound Designer for Assassin’s Creed 2. Many 4AM nights were spent shipping that game with a team of talented people but it was another education on working with the multitude of game disciplines and how to survive crunch time. After AC2 was completed I worked on a few other Ubisoft projects like Far Cry 3 and some new IPs. I also worked at other companies and on smaller puzzle games like Hitman GO. I’ve also done freelancing for marketing including trailer credits for Destiny and Transformers 4. I hear you saying “What! a sound designer just makes sounds they can’t make a game!” That’s something I’ve been asked before...and how being a sound designer led me to being a person that creates their own projects. Being a sound designer on a AAA game is actually a great way to learn how all the disciplines of game development work together. Sound is often seen as something that comes last in a chain of events and is often seen as a "final touch" that enhances a finished product. However, the best sound comes from actually being part of the process, and it is iterated and evolved upon in parallel with everything else, not just a cherry on the top. Creating AAA sound is a great education on learning how all the pieces of game engine technology are talking to each other. Sound is dependent on every aspect of the game and as a sound designer you need to learn the tools and how level artists create levels so that you can navigate through the worlds yourself and populate it with immersive soundscapes. You’ll dig through a scripted scene to figure out how it’s constructed so you can add the proper sound at the right time. Animations need sound too so you’ll need to learn how to navigate through thousands of animations and decide if keyframes should trigger sound or if code should call animation sounds directly. Particles are getting triggered via a whole different system? Now you have to learn how a complex effect is triggered and learn where to “hook in” to those systems. A concept artist doesn't necessarily need to know how the particle system works in order to make a great image but as a sound designer you NEED to know these things in order to do a good soundtrack. It is juggling act of technology and creativity and they’re often at odds with each other. What I’m saying is: being a sound designer doesn’t auto-make you an animator or a genius programmer but you do learn how all the pieces of the puzzle fit together. At least thats how I learned. It’s during that time I began working on my own game ideas that I’d been tossing around in my head for a while. I started teaming up with friends, colleagues and business partners I had worked with at different studios over the years. I started learning a broader array of skills like texturing, shading/lighting, concept design, writing, editing, and integrating assets into engines like unreal and unity. During that process Last Year was born. So why launch now? So this all comes back to why I brought this game to Kickstarter in the first place. In a lot of companies these early stage projects never get a chance see the public eye. Many games we play have gone through this process at some point behind closed doors. However, it’s an incredibly fun and inspiring time to see a new project get born and take shape….It’s the essence of when the core ideas of the game are formed, starting from the very idea, then to an illustration, and eventually to a finished product. Being around a table with colleagues and friends while excitedly brainstorming new ideas saying “Oh it would be cool if when you did this, X thing would happen, and then this other thing over here happened!” is magical. The challenge is being able to filter those ideas into a concise package and prototype the hell out of it. It’s one of the reasons why I love working in the game industry. I wanted to try and bring some of that experience to Kickstarter and let others join in the evolution of the project. For some, they prefer to see a more finished product that’s gone through that process already. For others, it’s simply too risky. I understand the skepticism. I wanted to share the game early so you could have a chance to see and influence that evolution as well, not just buying a finished game. Hopefully I haven’t bored you to death with life stories but I just wanted to share a bit on my background, how this project came to life, and how being a part of AAA production cycles on major projects has given me some experience to be able to align this project with more people who have the resources to help see it to full completion... and that I’m not some random dude that woke up and decided to make a game today. Up to now I’ve invested eight thousand of my own money to begin this process of creation. I hope you will share the excitement of being part of a game from it’s earliest incarnation. Every game begins somewhere, this is the path I chose to follow. (Next up: In Update #2 I’ll share a bit of my past experience working at Crytek and Ubisoft on games like Crysis and the Assassin’s Creed series and it's helping shape the direction for Last Year. Hopefully I won’t bore you guys to death too much :) Killer Mechanics I’ve been reading the comments from various sites and a redditor mentioned a great idea for sound clues for the Killer. As a survivor, when the Killer uses predator mode and walks near you you’d hear sound cues to alert you that he’s nearby. If he’s moving through some bushes you’d hear rustling coming from that direction...or rattling sounds on nearby objects. It would give survivors a chance to listen and hear for threats - and add another dimension of stealth strategy for the Killer. Don’t be too loud or you’ll spook the survivors. Very cool idea and it’s going into the design. Thanks mixermath! Balance Another few comments were saying the Killer seems overpowered. This isn’t the goal - but there are definitely some situations where Survivors wouldn’t stand a chance. The Killer can’t go invisible if he’s within a 10 meter radius or in direct line of sight by Survivors. Survivors won’t ever actually see the Killer’s invisibility transformation take place….that would feel too paranormal and break the atmosphere of the game. It’s more about embracing the the classic trope of the Killer always able to keep up with the victims…..even if they run for miles the Killer manages to appear out of nowhere and keep them on their toes. Technically, if Survivors stood in an open field The Killer could never get close enough to attack because Survivors run faster than the Killer. The challenge comes when Survivors are forced to through smaller confined spaces like hallways. A smart Killer will be waiting for you in the right spot and not just rampaging through the map. It also depends on which survivor class he’s after. If the Killer surprise attacks the Nerd then chances are the Nerd is as good as dead. the Jock would still stand a chance in that situation though, if he has a weapon he could counter the Killer, stun him, and make a run for it. Players need to decide if they want to stick together and protect each other...for example the Jock could walk in front and protect the group. Battlefield’s first-person knife and counter knifing is a bit controversial but done properly this type of execution system would excel for the Killer. <url>’ll be able to attack with the more slashy melee attacks, or, get up close for these types of brutal kill animations. The Killer also needs to take into consideration who he’s attacking..and in the case of Chad the best approach for the Killer would be to make sudden attack from behind and avoid Chads counter ability. Imagine yourself as Chad walking through the basement locker rooms of the school, when all of a sudden the lights go out, the door closes behind you, and you’re locked in a dark room with the Killer. Predator Cooldown There’s also a cooldown timer so the Killer can’t spam the predator mode constantly. He needs to decide when to use it - but on the flip side survivors can watch for patterns of when the Killer uses it and make their move at the right time. If the Killer just spawned in the Survivors could make a dash for the hallway whilst knowing that the Killer can’t despawn for another 10 seconds. It was also discussed on reddit and it’s being added to the design. If you have ideas I encourage you to share them on comments or email me at <email> Theres a lot of cool ideas that we can devise and features like the Killer audio cues are fairly easy to implement tech wise and offer so much in terms of gameplay possibilities. I also encourage you guys to share this with as many people as you can and help spread the word so we can make this happen. See you all on the next update. Thanks guys, James