Hello everyone, This is the final update before the release of all of the content in just 2 days! This update is just to give you a short explanation of how things will go down on the 30th. First off, I'll be sending out an update on the 30th, which will give you a detailed explanation of the steps you will need to take to sign up and login to the course. Once you follow those steps, you will simply need to wait for a confirmation that your account has been verified and you will be ready to go with the course. After the initial wave of account verifications, I will begin to respond to all messages and clear up any questions I've received so far. *** The next time you will hear from me will be on the 30th, which is in 2 days from now. Make sure to check for the update then! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 25th, 2014. Today will be a short status update. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 New Updates #6 New Updates #7 *** I am now in the process of uploading all of the video content and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely uploaded, I will run final tests before the August 30th launch date. Currently, the content is nearly finished being uploaded and ready to go. It will all go live in just 5 days! *** The next update will go live on August 28th, 2014. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 22nd, 2014. Today's update will include a short status update and more information about the course. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 New Updates #6 *** I am now in the process of uploading all of the video content and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely uploaded, I will run final tests before the August 30th launch date. *** I will be responding to all of the messages I have received and not yet responded to once the course is launched and everything is stable. Currently, all of my energy is focused on making the entire course + bonus sections available. *** The next update will go live on August 25th, 2014. It will include more information on the course and a few samples. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 19th, 2014. Today's update will include more information about the course's content. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 New Updates #5 *** I am now 1-2 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. After the content is completely finished, I will begin uploading it to be ready to go on the 30th. *** As for the next blog post that is coming out, it will be accessible after the full course is available. You will be updated with more specific information when it is close to being available. *** The next update will go live on August 22nd, 2014. It will include more information on the course. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, Here is the latest blog post and the first update in the new "Blog Posts" collection of updates: <url>"New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 New Updates #4 *** I now estimate that I am 4-5 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014. *** As mentioned before, a new blog post will be available today! The new blog post will help you determine which computer you need to begin learning iOS Development. Instead of posting a link to the post directly here in this update, I will be making a new collection of updates called "Blog Posts", which I will use to inform you about new blog posts, explain what each of them will be, and provide a link to the actual posts. You can expect to see today's "Blog Post" update in your inbox by 11:59PM PST today (August 16th, 2014). *** The next update will go live on August 19th, 2014. It will include more information on the course and the next blog post. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 13th, 2014. Today's update will include more information about the next blog post and a reminder of what is to come. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 New Updates #3 *** I now estimate that I am 7 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th, 2014 . *** As mentioned before, a new blog post will be available on August 16th, which will feature a detailed guide on how to choose the right development machine for you. I will discuss the different options that are available to you, including advice based on specific budgets. The blog post will be centered around giving you very specific information and advice on exactly which computer is right for you. *** The next update will go live on August 16th, 2014. It will include a link to the upcoming blog post and more information on the course. Be sure to check that out in 3 days! Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 10th, 2014. Today's update will feature screenshots from the course and information on an upcoming blog posts, where I will feature a detailed guide on how to choose the right development machine for you. *** If you have not read the most recent updates in the "New Updates" collection, you can find those here: New Updates #1 New Updates #2 *** I now estimate that I am 10 days away from completing all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on August 30th. For information on exactly what will be coming out on the 30th, please check the latest update , which displays a detailed list of what will go live. *** As we talked about in the latest update, here are a few screenshots of the course: This first screenshot comes from one of the chapters in the intermediate section of the course where we dive into data persistence: This second screenshot comes from when I begin to show you how to start finding open source projects for various uses. If you're thinking about collaborating with others on a project, then this will be exciting for you: *** In other news, one of the most common questions I received in the beginning of this Kickstarter campaign was, "What computer should I use/get?" If you still aren't exactly sure about which machine you should use for development, then I will be walking you through the pros and cons of all of the most common options. I will also provide you with my own thoughts and tips on getting the right machine for you. It doesn't have to cost you a large amount of money to just start making apps - in many cases you can start for close to free. This guide will come in the form of a blog post that will come out on Wednesday, August 16th, 2014, at 3:00pm. I will provide a link to it in the update that goes live on the same day. *** In the next update that will be posted on August 13th, we will talk more about the actual course content, including the videos and upcoming blog posts. Again, look out for the next update in 3 days! As a reminder, the full course will go live on August 30th, 2014. Hello everyone, As promised, here is the update for August 7th, 2014. Today will be an update on the status of the course content. As mentioned in the previous update , the full course will be released on Wednesday, August 30th, 2014 (PST). I estimate that I am two weeks away from completion of all of the video content, blog posts, and other course content that will go live on the 30th. Afterwards, I will be uploading and testing out all of the content in the course for about one week. The release of the course will come shortly afterwards on August 30th. As a reminder, here is what will be available on August 30th: *** On August 30th, here is exactly what will be available: - Fully completed 1st Section - Fully completed 2nd Section - Fully completed 3rd Section - Bonus Section: Making Money w/ iPhone Apps - Bonus Section: A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing iPhone Apps - Forums will go live again *** To refresh your memory on exactly what is included in each part of the course, please check out the main Kickstarter page . Here's what is coming in the next update: The next update will be available 3 days from now, so be sure to check your inbox on August 10th! On Sunday, August 10th, 2014, at 3:00pm PST the next update will be sent directly to your inbox. It will include updated information on the status of the course content and additional screenshots of the course! Hello everyone, First off, I want to assure everyone that this project is not a scam. This project was born out of the dream that I had to teach others to become iPhone app developers. Projects like this will occasionally take longer than expected, but things have gone out of control. This project proved to be more difficult than I previously expected. In this update I am going to explain everything that has happened, the steps I have taken towards the solutions, and why I have gone silent for almost 3 weeks. What Has Happened I originally planned for this project to be completed and available on May 31st, 2014. I updated you all about things taking 1 week longer and being fully available then. In that update, I believe that I did the correct thing and sent out a very detailed explanation of what happened and how I planned to fix everything. I then received a wave of support from you all because of my honesty and integrity. When we reached that week later, I updated you once more that there were more delays, but I did not provide anywhere near enough details about the status of the project. I believe that this is the point where this project started to spiral out of control. After that second delay, I began to post updates that did not include detailed enough information and were honestly confusing to follow. I did not keep an organized schedule of detailed updates, and I failed to deliver what was expected from me. Because of the mistakes I have made, I know that I have lost most, if not all credibility. I understand that it is difficult, or even impossible to trust me with this project now. You have very good reasons to no longer believe in me or this project, and any future community that I planned for us to build together. I could have prevented all of this from happening if I had just given you proper weekly updates. As I said, there will be no more excuses or lack of communication on my part. With that, here is exactly what is happening now: What Is Happening Now: The videos and other course content had two main issues: 1. The course content was not optimized and fully compatible. I have not correctly created the video files in the past and other course content in a way that would allow it to all run smoothly on the website. I have recently fixed these issues and have begun to recreate the course content over the last three weeks. 2. The course content's quality could be improved. As mentioned in #1, I began to recreate course content and see areas where things could be improved. Without adding delays to the launch date of August 30th, 2014, I am now improving the videos so that they are much better than they were. For additional information on the status of the course content, please read the next update coming out on August 7th. Now that I realize the effects that the mistakes I have made with creating this course and keeping you all informed have had on you all, I need to make things right and explain how I am going to fix things from here on out. Again, I realize that most of you no longer trust in me or believe I have any credibility, but I still want to make you aware of my plans. I know that I have not followed through with promised delivery dates in the past, and that this plan may appear to be just another cycle to you. Starting today, August 4th, 2014, I will be sending out a detailed update on the status of the project every 3 days. The next update after this one will go out on Thursday, August 7th at 3:00pm. On Wednesday, August 30th, 2014 , I will release the course to all of you without any excuses or misinformation that may lead to confusion. There will be no 'party,' 'Hangout,' or any other event that has proven to only hinder previous launch dates. I will only be launching the course to you all and providing simple and detailed instructions on how to access it. *** On August 30th, here is exactly what will be available: - Fully completed 1st Section - Fully completed 2nd Section - Fully completed 3rd Section - Bonus Section: Making Money w/ iPhone Apps - Bonus Section: A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing iPhone Apps - Forums will go live again *** The interviews and additional bonus sections will come shortly after, and you will all be updated on their statuses by August 30th. I apologize to all of you who have invested in this project and not seen any real results. You backed this project because you believed in it and wanted to learn how to make your own iPhone apps and start to change your life. Unfortunately, I have failed you and lost your trust. My goal and main priority is to earn your trust in the long term so that we can create the community that I believe many of us wished for. For many of you, I know that this will never happen. That is my fault, and something that I will always regret. In fact, I know that this may never be possible for all of you, but I am going to do everything I can to do hopefully earn your trust in the future. I know that this update and project will continue to receive negative feedback, but I am going to finish it and complete what I started. Hey everyone! It's a bright, sunny Tuesday afternoon here in San Diego, CA. My apologies go out to those who are dealing with extreme weather - I've seen quite a few intense pictures from relatives in other parts of the world lately. With this update, I'm talking about some important information that has recently been announced, and then we'll get right into last giveaway's winner and the next giveaway! Recent News As you may be aware, WWDC (Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference) is currently taking place in San Francisco between June 2nd - June 6th, 2014. That means today is the second day of the conference, and a lot of interesting information has been announced in just the first day. So far we've seen things like iOS 8 updates, use of a new programming language called Swift, and a variety of cool additions and announcements to Apple's lineup. I've been getting a lot of questions about what this means for this course. Currently, the answer is nothing immediately. First of all, I am waiting until the conference is completely over to do a lot more research about the new technologies that were announced. I need to make sure I completely understand it all before giving my complete thoughts on what's new. I also am not updating or changing the course in anyway until I know what's best for all of you first. Any necessary updates will definitely be made down the road, but you can be assured that nothing major will change until I know how to include it into the course in the most beneficial way possible. The Course I've never had more fun 'working' on anything before in my life. I absolutely love working on this course and (hopefully) making it the best possible experience for you. I've also learned A LOT about creating a series of training videos like these, which will definitely help in future updates and (*hint hint*) potential future courses. The remake of the videos are coming right along, and I feel that they are even better than before! They are all recorded in full HD quality, so you'll be able to see them on any screen. Last Giveaway's Winner As you remember from the last update, I held the first giveaway which included a package of some pretty neat stuff. Well, we had over 100 entries to the giveaway, and I used a random number generator to choose the first lucky winner. The winner of the Re-Launch Week Giveaway #1 is... <url>#2 If you didn't win this time around, there are quite a few more chances, so let's dive right into today's giveaway: Today's giveaway includes: - 32GB Mini Flash Drive You really can never have enough flash drives around. I use plenty of them constantly. This drive contains 32GB of storage and is extra small, with a sturdy metal finish. I love these things. - Black Lanyard This is meant to by tied onto the flash drive to make carrying it around easier. - Black Microfiber Cloth I absolutely hate having a dirty screen on my desktop, laptop, and mobile devices. That's why these microfiber cloths are necessary for device cleaning. No more smudged up monitors, people! Anyway, that's it for this giveaway. The rules are the exact same as yesterday to enter. Simply comment on this update and you will be automatically entered to win today's giveaway! The winner will be announced tomorrow! PS. What do you think is the most exciting thing to come out of WWDC so far. My money is on Swift if it can really improve our lives as much as they promise! DAY #1 of Re-Launch Week Ok, so let's follow up the last update about all of the shenanigans with some good news and the first giveaway! The Good News Things are going great! I'm ahead of schedule on the videos, and am preparing for the Re-Launch Party on June 7th, 2014, at 12:00pm. After last week's fiasco with the videos, I've saved everything properly, backed EVERYTHING up (3 TIMES), and am much less sleep deprived. It's amazing what a good night's sleep can do. I'm about 25% of the way through the videos in Section One of the course, so everything is on track to being ready for Re-Launch Day on June 7th! It's so amazing that we are SO close to finalizing this project after just a couple months. The Kickstarter campaign was so much fun, and getting to know a lot of your stories has really made this the best year ever so far. So this update goes out to you - the fans. You backed the Kickstarter project. You followed along. You supported this idea and wanted to start making your own iPhone apps. That is some seriously amazing support, and I can't thank you enough! On that note, let's get right into today's giveaway! Giveaway #1 As I mentioned in the last update, this week and the Re-Launch Party come with a lot of giveaways. To kick things off, we're starting with a simple, yet awesome combo of accessories: Here's everything that's included in Giveaway #1: - iPad Mini Case (White) [iPad Mini not included] This thing is really cool. I use the same exact one and absolutely love it. It has three adjustable stationary positions, swivels 360 degrees, and is really sturdy. It's protected my iPad Mini dozens of times, and is the perfect case for me. It has a leathery feel to it, and has an elastic band to lock it in place when closed. - Apple-ish Style USB Hub Do you ever run out of USB slots on your computer? I do, all of the time! That's why I need USB Hubs like this to give me those extra few slots for additional peripherals. Plus, this one comes with an Apple-ish design that fits nicely next to your iMac, Macbook, or really any Apple device. - Apple Wall Charger This is the official Apple USB wall charger. Pretty standard stuff. - Apple USB Lightning Adapter This is the official Apple Lightning Adapter for charging and connecting your devices. Also pretty standard stuff. All of these will be shipped to you for FREE worldwide! But how do you win? How to win this giveaway: The rules are simple. All you have to do is comment on this update! That's it. Commenting on this update will automatically enter you to win this giveaway. When I write tomorrow's update (roughly 24 hours from now), I will take all of the names of people who comment and randomly select one to win this giveaway. I will announce the winner in the next update, and will contact them about shipping details. Here's a link directly to the update post so you can leave a comment now! Scroll down on the update to this comment box and leave your comment. Then press "Post Comment": Commenting more than once will NOT give you extra entries. Only 1 entry per person. That's it! I wish you all luck and hope you have an amazing day. Looking forward to the rest of the week! PS. We had a great discussion about WWDC on the group's Facebook Page . What do you think Apple will announce this year? Hey there, I just received a massive number of messages from people wanting access to The Ultimate Package after seeing that the spots were sold out. In response, I have opened up spots for The Ultimate Package for the very last hour of the Kickstarter campaign! If you would like to upgrade to The Ultimate Package, then do so right now! This offer will NEVER be available ever again!!! If you would like to upgrade to The Ultimate Package: Simply click the "Manage Your Pledge" button: Then update your pledge amount to $99. This will make your total pledge amount equal to $99 and will NOT add $99 to your original pledge: Then select The Ultimate Package, hit the "Continue to next step" button, and hit "Confirm": That's it! You're ready to go! You have only 1 hour to get this offer, and then it will be gone forever! Hey everyone! We're live with the Q&amp;A Session #2!!! Click the link below and join the fun! <url>#2 ! I will be answering EVERY question you have about the Learn iPhone App Development Course, programming, mobile apps, and any other topic you can think of. These Q&amp;A sessions are a lot of fun and we discuss a lot of amazing topics, so be sure to sign up for the Q&amp;A session by clicking this link: <url>"Yes" button: The Q&amp;A Session will be start on March 30th (today!) at 12:30pm Pacific Time. Check this chart for the location in your timezone to see when the Q&amp;A Session starts for you: I can't wait to see you there! Reserve your spot: <url>"Making Money with iPhone Apps" &amp; "A Step-By-Step Guide to Designing Apps" to be added to the course . I also realize that many people only want one of the potential additional sections to the course, and I believe that I've found the perfect solution: I've spent many hours putting together these new packages, creating the artwork, and planning out each and every step for implementing them because I really want to offer you the best experience possible. I want to suit this course to your specific needs so that you get the most value out of it. Three new reward levels: The Designer Package is for those that believe in designing great apps to provide the user with the best experience possible. The Entrepreneur Package is for those with the competitive drive to start earning money with their iPhone/iPad apps. If you follow the advice provided in this package, it will pay for itself quickly! The Ultimate Package is for the people who are really excited about learning iPhone app development and want to get THE MOST out of the experience. This package provides the best of all worlds by giving you access to everything! Learn to create apps, design them, and make money with them! Follow the advice provided in this package and your users will get the best experience possible and it will pay for itself quickly! To upgrade to any of these packages, simply click the "Manage Your Pledge" button: Then update your pledge to reflect which package you would like: Then select the package you want, hit the "Continue to next step" button, and hit "Confirm": As always, thank you all so much for the support! I am so incredibly excited to get started and I hope you can't wait! If you've read to this far, please go ahead and leave a comment about why YOU are excited about learning to create iPhone apps. Hey there! I'm here to inform you that we now have our very own Facebook group for members of the Learn iPhone App Development course! Join now: <url>~~~ Announcement ~~~ A lot of people had specific situations and reasons for wanting to learn iPhone app development, so I wanted to give everyone a chance to have a 1 on 1 chat with me to answer any questions you might have individually. So I've created an Ohours account where you can sign up to have a 30 minute Skype chat with me about anything. Sign up for a 1 on 1 chat here: <url>"Learn iPhone Development Q&amp;A". Any questions emailed to me prior to the Hangout are likely to be answered first! My email: <email> *** BONUS for those that stick around until 11:00am PST *** At 11:00AM PST (when the Hangout officially ends) I'll be making a special announcement for something I will be providing that you will not want to miss! Make sure to stick around to the end! Thanks Again! Anyway, I'm so incredibly excited that we reached the 75 backer goal! I seriously can't believe the support this course is getting here on Kickstarter! You are amazing! I woke up today just like any other day. But today was much different... Because when I checked the Kickstarter page I found out that we have successfully funded the "Learn iPhone App Development" course! We're now sitting at $2,182 and 46 backers ! Wow! So now what? So now that we've reached 100% funding, is that it? Nope! I've spent over 20 hours researching different Kickstarter projects and how they went about things like stretch goals. Most of them focus on getting a certain dollar ($) amount raised, but I find that to be not really beneficial to you, the backer of the project. You are the reason that this course is even being created, so everything I do should be in your best interest, right? Well, that's the way I see it, so I've thought long and hard about how to make a stretch goal that completely focuses on benefitting the backers, and I think I've found a great idea. This course will be accessible online through a website that I am currently setting up (pictures of that to come soon). One major part of it will be the forums where you can get answers to your specific questions and share your thoughts. I am really looking to build a strong community here, because great things happen when like-minded people come together! That is why the first stretch goal is to reach 75 backers ! Once we reach that goal, I will hold a LIVE Question &amp; Answer session through Google Hangouts. The Q&amp;A session will be live - you will be able to come into the Hangout and ask me any questions you have. I will answer any specific questions you have, record it, and post it for everyone who isn't able to join the Hangout to see later. I've been getting a lot of questions from many backers, and I know that a live hangout will be a lot of fun. I can't wait to meet you and answer your questions! How can you help? Share the link below with anyone you know who has talked about their app ideas and might be interested in learning how to build them. <url>~Taylor WOW! It's been only 2 days and we are already over the 90% mark. I seriously can't believe this! This is amazing! Thank you! I'd also like to give you an update on the audio recording for the course. I'll be using two main microphones, so here are some examples of what they sound like: ATR 3350 Lav Mic - For showing myself on screen or while I'm out and about. I'm noticing a bit of static in the background, which I'm working on nullifying for real recordings. ATR 2100 Condenser Mic - For recording myself talking while explaining things on screen (Unfortunately, the mini Soundcloud players cannot be embedded - as far as I know) Thank you, thank you, thank you! We're already at over 25% in funding in under 24 hours! I'm completely blown away! I had no idea that this would happen so fast and I'm so excited to get this project started. The upcoming updates will feature a lot more of what is to come, so stay tuned and have a great day!