Hello Everyone, As some of you already know, the books are not yet ready to ship. We ran into a number of issues with the first batch that we received from the casebinder and needed to make various adjustments to the cover of the book and layout of a number of pages. The cover image is still the same and nothing was changed with the contents of the book, however, we felt that these adjustments were necessary in order to deliver the high quality book that we promised to all of our backers. I wish that there was a way for us to provide everyone with additional compensation for the many delays that we have faced thus far in the book’s creation, however, there is little that we can do. We have already spent well over $30k and will spend another $40k plus on packaging, shipping and handling to send the books out to our Kickstarter backers only. All that we can do at this point is to make sure that our books come out perfectly and meet all of your expectations. I cannot stress enough to everyone that we are making no money on this project. As everyone knows, this book was the first book that we have published and every step that we took to get to this point has been taken without guidance from industry experts. Sure, we started with extensive plans and deadlines for this book that we strongly felt could be met. However, our lack of knowledge and inexperience of the publishing industry has caused heavy delays throughout. Everyone who has worked on this book’s creation did so out of love for classic manga and without compensation. All help that we received came from people who work full-time jobs who took a few hours out of their weeks here and there to help bring this book to fruition. I will be posting another update this week with the new dates for when the books will be shipped once we receive the updated schedule from our printer. I implore everyone to please stop contacting Tezuka Productions with angry complaints, sending me threatening emails and calling my house/cell phone. Tezuka Productions is just as angry with us as all of you are. I understand that your trust in us has been waning for some time and I simply cannot stress enough how sorry I am for not being able to provide everyone with a copy of the book on time. Please be just a little more patient. This will likely be out first and last project. I hope that we have not discouraged others from trying their hands at legally printing classic manga themselves. If anyone believes that they can do a better job with future projects (as I’m sure many of you can) please feel free to reach out to me with any questions once this project has finished and I will be happy to help in any way I can. At least others who follow in our steps will not need to make the same mistakes that we made. Thank you again for your continual support, understanding and patience. Best regards, Andrew Hi Everyone, I'm sorry for the lack of an update since the last one was posted. I will be posting another one by Wednesday (January 15) with a list of the exact dates that everyone will be receiving the books and all other goods in the mail. We ran into a number of setbacks along the way that prevented the books from being printed sooner. Regarding the Kickstarter project and lack of communication with emails, it has proven to be too much work for a single person to do taking into account the time and preparation required to make sure that the book was completed. Everything that was promised throughout this campaign WILL be fulfilled, albeit a few months late. We have asked for your patience multiple times and will continue to ask just a little bit longer. This is not a project that we will make money on. The time and effort that has been spent bringing this book to fruition has been provided out of a passion for Osamu Tezuka and classic manga. I understand that the majority of your concerns are with the lack of communication on our part. For this, I am truly sorry. The amount of work that has been required to complete this project and to keep up with the concerns and needs of backers while still working a full time job has been overwhelming. Well, the book is finished and the goods have been created. Please look forward to our next update with specific information on when you will be receiving the book. Those of you who have not yet filled out your survey, please do so as soon as possible so that we may get the ball rolling. Thanks again everyone for your patience and support. Best regards, Andrew Hello Everyone, Thank you for your patience. We are still working our butts off to get this book to you as soon as possible. While our efforts have been met with minor set-backs (mostly with formatting issues), we are still on course to have the book ready in its final form by the end of the month. We are hoping that the books and all related goods will be mailed out to everyone at some point in the beginning of November. However, please bear in mind that this is only our best estimate. As you are all aware, this is our first time publishing a book. Tasks that we previously thought were going to be simple and not time consuming have proven to take longer than we anticipated. Our goal is still to bring you the highest quality book possible. We know that all backers who purchased a copy of this book will be more than happy with the finished product. We are still backlogged responding to emails. Please continue to be patient and we will get around to responding to everyone. We have sent out a survey to all backers requesting information. Please answer the survey questions when you get a chance so that we can begin processing logistics for your orders. A new update will be put up as soon as The Crater makes it to the printer. Thanks for your continual support and understanding! Best regards, Andrew Hi Everyone! Thanks for your patience since our last update. We ended up being about three weeks behind schedule and will be sending our finalized digital copy of The Crater to Tezuka Productions for approval on Monday, September 2nd. The digital copy is currently complete and in the very capable hands of our experienced Copy Editor. As mentioned previously, we are not quite sure how long it will take Tezuka Productions to approve our copy of The Crater. As soon as we get the okay, we will need about 5 weeks for all copies of the book to be printed, shipped to our distributor (Rightstuf), and sent out to everyone. We will be sure to let everyone know as soon as the book is approved and we begin the printing process. Similarly, once Tezuka Productions approves our copy of the book, we will include images of the front, back and spine of the book in our subsequent update. Because Kickstarter only allows us to send ONE survey per reward tier and suggests that the survey only be sent out once the goods are ready to ship, we will be sending out surveys to all reward tiers in the next two weeks, prior to Tezuka Productions approving our finalized copy of The Crater. We have also fallen a bit behind responding to emails from backers. If you sent us an email or message through Kickstarter and we have yet to respond, please don't think that we forgot about you. EVERY email sent to any of our associated email addresses or through Kickstarter will receive a response. Please, just wait a few more days and we should be all caught up. Thanks again everyone for all of your patience. We are just as excited as you to see this book finally ready for publication! Thank you everyone for your amazing support! Best, Andrew Hello Everyone!! Well, we have one week left in this Kickstarter campaign and despite our mistakes and various fall-backs, this campaign can only be considered a huge success. Thank you everyone for your support and understanding regarding our shipping fiasco. For our next project, we will find a way to ship our books around the world for much less. We now have the international shipping numbers. We apologize for the delay in getting you these costs, but we wanted to be 100% sure of these numbers before providing them to you. Please consult the chart located in the link below to see the additional funds that you must add to your pledge amount to receive this book. These costs are NOT on top of the $18 that was already added for shipping, rather these costs reflect the TOTAL amount that must be added on top of $35 per book for shipping. Please Consult This Table Shipping outside of the US is significantly higher than we originally anticipated. If the book were under 4 lbs we would be able to ship it via First Class International Mail for much less, however, these books are well OVER 4 lbs each. As a means of saving money on shipping, we have provided the cost of shipping multiple books. For the purpose of calculating shipping costs, if you have pledged towards The Gravy Train reward, then the cost of shipping will be the SAME as if you had only ordered one book. Whether or not you receive a “free” t-shirt has no effect on the actual cost of shipping, however, if you would like to opt out of receiving the "free" t-shirt, you can deduct $3 from the total cost of shipping. We appreciate your understanding about these shipping expenses. As much as we would like to provide these books to our friends abroad for $18 each, this is just not possible. We regret having to do this, but the cost of shipping outside of the US is so expensive that if we were required to pay the difference between the original $18 amount and the actual cost of shipping we would NOT be able to publish this book at all. For those who will be cancelling their orders due to this announcement, we completely understand your position and thank you for your support up to this point. Our next campaign WILL provide a more reasonable means for non-US backers to own copies of the manga that we publish. Feel free to direct any questions or concerns to my personal email address at <email> and I will respond as soon as possible. Best, Andrew Hello again everyone! Thank you for all of your questions, comments and concerns. Even negative comments are greatly appreciated as we would like to ensure that mistakes such as this one will never occur again in the future. Again, we would like to apologize to everyone for changing the cost of shipping in the middle of this Kickstarter campaign. We made a major rookie mistake by not properly accounting for all shipping costs from the onset, and as rookies, we accept all of the consequences. Even if this means losing a major portion of current and potential backers. As a result, we will be providing all backers with the option to opt out of receiving the t-shirt with their order for a discount off of shipping. Please see below for further details. Can I Opt Out of Receiving a T-shirt for a discount off of Shipping? Yes. We realize now that providing the incentive of free t-shirts and then charging the cost of shipping was a terrible idea. Everyone who purchased a book will now have the option to opt out of receiving a t-shirt with their order. As the shirts will be costing us $3 each, opting out of the t-shirt will give each backer a $3 discount off of the extra cost of shipping. This means that if you are a domestic backer (with a U.S. address) and you would like to opt-out of receiving the t-shirt, then the total amount that you should pledge is $37. If you WOULD like to receive the t-shirt, then your total amount pledged should be $40. You can simply change the amount pledged, and we will include a t-shirt if your pledge amount is $40 and we will not include a t-shirt if your pledge amount is $37. If you are an international buyer and would like to opt out of receiving the t-shirt, you can also subtract $3 off of the extra cost of shipping. We will be providing a list of shipping costs to regions/countries in another update later this week. NOTE : Whether backers from the UK choose to receive a t-shirt or opt out will have no effect on the cost of import duties to the UK. There will be no custom duties owed for these items as the value of all reward categories (with the exception of the biggest one) are valued at under £135. Similarly, the cost of VAT duties for the t-shirt itself will be under £0.40. Why Not Lower the Quality of the Hardcover as a Means of Saving Money? While there is a real possibility that we will create paperbacks or lessor quality hard cover editions for future projects, we would like for this book to be remain as high-quality as possible. We feel so strongly about this, that we were willing to potentially lose a lot of our backers in order to keep The Crater’s quality top-notch. We realize that many backers would rather pay less money for a lessor quality edition, however, that is not what we are offering with this project. It has been our dream with this first book to create an edition that properly gives one of Osamu Tezuka’s most interesting works the respect that it deserves. If it was our intention to make a lot of money on this project we would be providing this exact book with an MSRP of $50 or $60. Essentially, $35 plus the cost of shipping is the rate that this book, under normal circumstances, would be sold to distributors for. Even the comic book and specialty book stores around the country that we are selling copies of this book to are paying $35 plus shipping per book. I’m an International Buyer, Why Do You Hate Me So Much? Believe us, we WISH that we had the ability to ship these books internationally for $18 a book. It boggles our minds that in many circumstances it is cheaper to ship goods TO the United States then FROM the United States. We fully appreciate the apprehension and concern of international backers. However, the cost of shipping internationally is entirely out of our control. $53 is a significant amount of money to spend on a book, but taking into account the quality of the book and the included extras, it seemed like a reasonable cost. $70 ( an unsubstantiated estimate ) on the other hand, is a LOT of money to spend on a book. Even if the book’s second-hand value goes over $70 in the future, it is still difficult to justify spending $70 from the onset. Sadly, we have no other option than to charge international buyers with the actual cost of shipping. If it’s any consolation, the prices that we will provide for international shipping in our next update will include ONLY the cost of actual shipping. We will still be paying for packaging and labor costs out of our own pocket. Will Changing the Pledge Amount Affect My Place in Line for the Animation Cel? Changing your pledge amount will NOT affect your place in line to receive one of the Ambassador Magma animation cels. However, cancelling your pledge and the re-pledging WILL lose your place in line. An updated list has been added to the FAQ to reflect the current backers (as of 06/02) that will be receiving one of the animation cels with their orders. The list will probably change, as there will likely be backers among the first 500 who cancel their pledges before the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Can I Opt Out of Receiving the Art Prints and Animation Cel? All backers on the list to receive one of the Ambassador Magma animation cels are welcome to opt out of receiving them. However, opting out of receiving the animation cel will have no effect on the extra cost of shipping . This applies to backers from all countries. The animation cels weigh nothing and will be valued at $0 as they are legitimately being included free of charge. No one has the ability to opt out of receiving the 3 art prints that come with the book . These art prints come with all 2,000 copies of the book, regardless of whether they are sold through Kickstarter. What is the Process for Adding Money to My Pledge Amount? As project creators, we have ZERO access to the accounts of backers and do NOT have the ability to manually change the amount that a backer has pledged. All backers must manually change the total amount pledged themselves. Choose "Manage Your Pledge", keep the tier level you have selected and input the extra amount manually (thank you Nakano). We will send out reminder notices to those backers that do not update their pledge amount prior to the end of this Kickstarter campaign. In the event that you have still not changed your pledge amount at the end of this campaign, we will give you the option to pay the additional fees after the campaign has closed. If the additional shipping fees are still not paid prior to us physically mailing the books, we will refund the total amount paid to respective backers. Under NO circumstances will backers be charged for books and other goods that they do not receive. Will the Added Shipping Costs Mean More Secure Shipping Methods? Yes. Part of the reason why we have been forced to charge more for shipping is that we have decided to use the services of a long-time and well-respected distributor (Rightstuf) to assist us with organizing, packaging, and mailing all of the goods in this campaign. This will end up costing us more than if we did it ourselves, but as a means of ensuring that all of the books and accompaniments arrive at their destinations without issue and in excellent shape, we felt that this was necessary. Similarly, all books will be mailed in boxes with added protection, NOT in cheap padded envelopes. As a fellow collector, I HATE when a book arrives in the mail with bent edges, especially when the book is a limited edition/collector’s item where the condition of the book directly correlates to the book's resale value. Another update will be put up later this week with exact shipping costs per region for international buyers. These shipping costs will represent the amount that we must pay to ship to your region/country. Please send me a message, comment or email regarding any information that I might have missed in this update and I will add it to our next update. I will also be responding to all comments, messages and emails that you have sent to me since the last update shortly. Thanks again everyone for your understanding and continual support! Best, Andrew Hello again everyone! We have almost reached our extended goal of selling 1,000 books! Once we reach this goal, EVERYONE who has purchased a book through Kickstarter will be receiving a free t-shirt with their orders. If you are going to Florida Supercon in Miami (July 4-7th), you can stop by our booth to pick up your free t-shirt before everyone else. For those of you that will be unable to come to Florida Supercon, don’t worry too much, as ALL Kickstarter backers will be receiving the physical book at the same time (international buyers may receive the book a few days later). In this update, we have a few important announcements to make, so please read all of the following information carefully. Updated Release Date for The Crater First of all, The Crater will NOT be ready to be released on July 5th. Thanks to the tremendous reception we have received from the online community of Osamu Tezuka fans and soon-to-be Osamu Tezuka fans, we have decided to delay the release of the book by another month so that we have more time to ensure that all aspects of the book come out PERFECT. As of now, the book should be ready for release sometime in August. Because we don't know exactly how long it will take Tezuka Productions to approve our final version of The Crater, we don't have an exact date yet. We will be sure to let all backers know as soon as we do :) New BONUSES for Backers Another reason why we are changing the release date of the book should please everyone who purchased a copy. We have received the rights, at no additional cost to backers, to include an EXTRA short story from Osamu Tezuka in our edition of The Crater . Our edition of The Crater will now include 18 short stories. Before everyone gets angry with us for including an additional story that did not appear in the original serialization of The Crater, just hear us out. In 1974, Kodansha released a version of The Crater (under the supervision of Osamu Tezuka) that included 18 short stories – the 17 short stories from the original printing of The Crater, plus an additional short story, which had appeared as a one shot in the weekly magazine, Chuuichi Jidai, in 1974. This extra story, titled “Jamubo” (Jumbo), fits perfectly with the rest of the Twilight Zone-esque stories from The Crater. In similar fashion to The Crater’s short story “Sōtōhebi” (The Twin-Headed Snake), Jamubo is a perfect example of how Osamu Tezuka often used what is today considered “offensive imagery” to convey a strong anti-racist and anti-discrimination theme. This recurring theme of Tezuka’s is discussed in detail in Frederik Schodt’s Foreword. Had we not included Jamubo in our version of The Crater, it is very possible that this lone story would never appear in English. We will try to add short stories such as this one to subsequent Tezuka projects that we release as well. We hope that all of our backers enjoy this bonus. Thank YOU for making this possible :) We have also upgraded the quality of the hard cover on the book. Originally, we had planned to use a Kivar 7 fabric sewn onto the hard cover. While Kivar 7 is made from very good quality material, we wanted to blow everyone away with the quality of our book. We have since changed the fabric to Skivertex. Most backers will have no idea what this means, but trust us, Skivertex is very high quality and looks pretty awesome. See below for a picture of a Skivertex cover from a special edition of Superman’s “Absolute Kingdom Come” published by DC Comics. This book is currently being sold by Amazon for $89.99. Our edition of The Crater will now end up weighing at least 4 pounds. With the additional chapter, it will be over 550 pages long. Update for Shipping Costs (IMPORTANT) We have received a number of emails and messages from international backers requesting exact shipping costs for specific countries. We hate to do this to our (many) international buyers, but we will need to increase the amount that international backers must pay in order to ship the books to their countries. We are waiting to hear back from USPS regarding our quotes for international shipping costs per region. While our Canadian backers will NOT be receiving an increase in shipping costs (will still pay $18 per book), all other international buyers likely will. PLEASE bear in mind that we are NOT increasing the shipping costs as a means to make more profit. We simply do not have a choice. Our profit margin on this book is already very thin and if we are required to pay half the cost of shipping internationally ourselves we will lose thousands of dollars. We will be providing another Update later this week with the exact shipping costs per region. Similarly, we will need to charge a $5 shipping free per book that is shipped domestically (in the United States). Domestic shipping for this book will end up costing us more than $5 each as we are unable to ship these books via Media Mail (assuming that each book comes with the free t-shirt). If you have ordered multiple books, please send me a message through Kickstarter or an email for the exact shipping cost. Domestic backers who pledged for THE GRAVY TRAIN will also only be charged $5 for shipping. Domestic backers who purchased the sweater package must provide an additional $10 for shipping. Domestic backers who pledged for the shot glass/beer mug set will need to provide an additional $15 for shipping. We sincerely apologize for having to change the cost of shipping. I realize that we will likely lose a number of backers because of this price change, but we really don't have any other choice. As always, feel free to email me personally at <email> with any questions or concerns. Thank you everyone for your understanding and continual support! Best, Andrew Hello Everyone! We can't believe the amazing response our Kickstarter project has received in just the first 5 days! Part of the reason why we kept our goal so low was because it was difficult for us to gauge how many people would be interested in this book. We have no past book sales to work with, we haven’t hired any PR or marketing people, we are not going through traditional sales channels, and at this point, we are mostly working with word of mouth. There are obviously a lot of English speaking Osamu Tezuka fans around the world, but to think that so many have already found out about this project! Kickstarter Goals Revisited Less than a week into the campaign, and we are only 328 books away from reaching our Extended Goal of selling 1,000 books (at which point EVERY person who bought a book through our Kickstarter campaign gets a FREE T-shirt). If we reach our SUPER Extended Goal of selling 1,500 books through this campaign, we promise that our next Kickstarter campaign will offer at least TWO books. While we plan on pursuing other authors in the very near future, the books offered in our next campaign will likely both be from Osamu Tezuka. If we reach our Welcome to the Future of Manga Goal of selling 1,800 copies or more of The Crater through this campaign, then we will DO OUR BEST to convince Tezuka Productions to allow us to include the name of EVERY person who bought a book through our Kickstarter campaign on a Thank You page at the end of the book. Also, if we reach this goal, we will be able to start on our next Kickstarter campaign much faster - considering that we won't need to worry about selling the remaining books. We Still Need Your Help! There is no way that we can adequately put into words how appreciative we are of everyone's support. Thanks to all of YOU, English speakers will now be able to read one of the lesser known masterpieces of Osamu Tezuka's collection. As we are mostly relying on word of mouth, we still need everyone's help to spread the word about our campaign so that we can sell all of the books as soon as possible. The faster we sell these books, the faster we can move on to Kickstarter campaign #2. Good News and Bad News As many of you may have read on Twitter, in various forums/message boards, or have heard from me personally, we had originally planned on offering the first 350 people who bought a book through this campaign a FREE animation cel (and penciled drawing) from the anime "Ambassador Magma," based on Osamu Tezuka's manga of the same name. Kickstarter would not let us put this information on our Kickstarter page as we are not allowed to " resell items or offer rewards not produced by the project or its creator." Well, after speaking with Kickstarter representatives on and off for the past week, the answer is... more or less the same. Let's start with the bad news... we will NOT be offering an Ambassador Magma animation cel to the first 350 people who bought a book through this campaign. The good news... we WILL be offering an Ambassador Magma animation cel to the first 500 people who bought a book through this campaign!! Think of this as a Late Early Bird Special . It's the least we could do for all of you amazing people who support us! We will be posting another update in the next few days with more information on The Crater, how our company got started, obstacles that we have faced (and continue to face) forcing our way into the publishing industry, and the scope of our relationship with Tezuka Productions. If anyone has any specific questions or concerns feel free to ask and I will respond as soon as I can. Thanks again everyone! Best regards, Andrew