Dear Matchstick backers, Most of the backers should have received their refunds. Based on Kickstarter's rule, the backer who received their refunds will not be able to leave a comment anymore in this project. That's why it appears only the "No refund" comments here. Please log into your Kickstarter account, and check the "Backed projects" under " My stuff". If the Matchstick project is not in the list, your refund should have been processed successfully. Please check your debit/credit card or bank statement and look for the refund record. Please contact us if you are under either of the following situation, 1) If you can't find the refund record in your debit/credit card statement, or 2) if the Matchstick project is still in your backed project list, your refund has not gone through for some reason. To make the communication more efficient, please send us MESSAGE instead of leaving comments on the project site. In your message, please include the following information, a) Amazon transaction ID, or b) The name on the debit/credit card which you made the purchase. Thank you very much for your patience and understanding. Best, Matchstick Team Dear Matchstick backers, Thank you for your relentless support of Matchstick throughout the past 11 months. We kicked off this project last year with the hope to revolutionize the OTT experience by open sourcing the Matchstick software and hardware, and by mobilizing the power of the open source community to create a new breed of ecosystem for content providers, device manufacturers and end users. Your support has been truly overwhelming, and we couldn’t possibly have taken this project this far without your encouragement and enthusiasm. Unfortunately, we are unable to continue on this journey, and we will be refunding all Matchstick pledges. After struggling with the DRM development based on Firefox OS for most of this year, we realize continued development of DRM, though showing early signs of promise, will be a long and difficult road. We have come to the conclusion that we will not be able to reliably predict the completion date of the DRM development without significantly more research, development and integration. We feel the only responsible thing to do now is to refund 100% of the pledge money to our backers. You have been very patient with us, and we feel announcing another major delay in the Matchstick delivery would not be fair to our backers. We apologize for not being able to update you sooner. Thanks for sharing the ride with Matchstick. Though this is a disappointing moment for all of us, your backing of Matchstick has enabled us to contribute to the eventual success of the openness of the Internet. Refund Process: We will refund 100% of pledges to you via the Amazon payment system. It’s a manual process and may take up to 60 days for us to process all refunds. We will strive to complete the refunds by the end of September. If you do not see your refund by then, please message us via Kickstarter. If the credit/debit card you originally used to pay has since changed, been canceled, or is no longer active, please sign in to your Amazon Payments account for detailed instructions on how to receive your refund. If we receive any notifications from Amazon regarding your refund, we will contact you via Kickstarter and your email. Please monitor your Kickstarter account and messages. Sincerely, Matchstick team Hey Everyone ! There seems to be some confusion from our last update. This is just to clarify that we have not yet shipped out any production quality Matchstick units. The last update regarding ad hoc mode enhancement was mainly intended for those who had purchased and received the Matchstick developer units end of last year. Since ad hoc mode and local play were promised as our Kickstarter stretch goals, we thought it would be helpful to let folks know our progress in meeting our commitment to deliver on our stretch goals. We are continuing our product development effort. Stay tuned for more announcement ! Matchstick Team Hello Matchstickers ! Last fall we promised you support for AdHoc mode and Local Play as our Kickstarter stretch goals. Well, we are super excited to let you know both features are now available. Just download Matchstick’s latest Android or iOS set-tup app from Google Play or AppStore and you will be all set to go. With AdHoc mode, you can connect your mobile device to Matchstick directly and fling content from that device to your TV without requiring any Internet connection. Bring your favorite content to any big screen TV and share your stories with friends. Or bring your own entertainment to your hotel room next time you travel. The possibilities are endless. No complicated setup or pairing required. And Local Play lets you stream content from your local servers to the big screen. SAMBA is supported. So give it a spin and let us know how you like it. We’d love to hear from you on any suggestions for improvements and bug reports. Thanks for helping us get this far. Ciao for now. The Matchstick team Hey Matchstickers, A new version of Matchstick firmware has been released. If you have a Matchstick developer unit, you will be able to get your dongle automatically upgraded. All you do is to make sure your Matchstick is properly plugged in and connected to your WiFi network for at least one hour, then simply restart your Matchstick and that’s it! After the upgrade, you can verify you have the latest firmware version number 201504030000 via your Matchstick set up app. This version is largely a maintenance release with fixes including memory leak, EMMC issue, and HDMI output display errors. We have also made numerous preparations in this version to get ready for the soon-to-be-announced release of AdHoc mode and Local Play mode. Stay tuned ! Matchstick Team Hey Matchstickers! Sorry for the terrible delay with this update. We have been very busy getting things in order and making arrangements to keep on keeping on with bringing Matchstick to you. Hardware: Hardware is hard! We’ve made some progress with the CPU upgrade and will have some solid info soon on the exact specs we have selected for production. We think you guys will be pleased. Should be nailed down soon. Software: We are making progress with the Matchstick iOS and Android app which will include setup and basic settings as well as ad-hoc and local streaming. Also, our progress with Mozilla and Microsoft to get the content we will want is moving along nicely! We’ve added some resources to the team that will help us create partnerships for the premium content across the board that will allow us to stay competitive in the marketplace. Remember, just because we will support DRM, does not mean you have to… ;) Support: Customer support is another area we are adding resources to. Meet Andrew! We think KS community communication and updates should move more smoothly in April and moving forward! Please be nice to Andrew, he is here to help you- Stay tuned in April for more updates - Onward! The Matchstick Team and Andrew Hello Matchstick Fans! We’ll cut to the chase; Matchstick is not going to ship in February. It’s been a very busy couple of months and we’ve had to make some hard decisions about how to move forward. We’ve decided to release the product when it is ready, and anticipate that to be in August 2015. Let us explain more. Matchstick is, at its core, a group effort to bring a solid, open, and affordable alternative to the world of video streaming. Manufacturing is hard, but the totality of what makes a product experience complete includes so much more. That collaborative effort includes the hardware, the software, the content providers, and of course, the independent developers that will build on the Matchstick platform. Hardware: We want to update the hardware. We’ve been looking at a number of exciting applications and potential experiences for Matchstick and we’ve determined we need to give it as much power as possible. So we’ve been looking to increase the CPU power from a dual core to a quad core chip. We’ve also been looking into common issues with Wi-Fi performance. Because of the location of most HMDI ports on HDTVs, many similar products have Wi-Fi connectivity issues. We’ve spent some considerable time reviewing ways to improve the antenna to ensure a consistent connection that some of the applications will require. We’ll keep you posted of course on the newest stats and specifics! Finally, we are eating the cost to improve the hardware, and passing along the benefits of improved hardware to our backers. It’s a cost we are willingly paying for the promise of a better product. Software: With a new processor, we have some new opportunities. Matchstick, with Firefox OS inside, is being updated to support DRM (Digital Rights Management) capability. As you know, many premium content providers such as Netflix require DRM support. Matchstick has undertaken the mission to develop DRM as an independent project with the open source community. In fact, we’d love for you to get involved! If you’re a developer specializing in EME, MSE, and CDM technologies, we’d love to hear from you. We plan to use the Microsoft PlayReady technology and are excited to bring premium content to Matchstick. We’ll keep you updated as we work to contribute newly developed source codes for DRM back to the open community. It’s our goal to make sure open source technology doesn’t mean 2nd tier content and experiences! Content Providers: We are continually in talks with all the content you will want to experience on your Matchstick. DRM is a barrier and has become our primary focus, and as we work to nail that down we continue to explore new opportunities to upgrade the entire Matchstick experience. We have been looking at some very exciting possibilities! We can’t wait to show you in the coming months. Independent developers: We’ve seen some incredible possible use cases for Matchstick and want to make sure the developer community’s creativity is not hindered by hardware or software limitations. We feel strongly about supporting developers with something much more than a hacked Chromecast type device. The updates to Matchstick will ensure that. We’ve learned a lot about Matchstick since last fall. Most importantly, we learned that we had struck a nerve with consumers and brands alike. So we’ve been working to make sure we build a community not just a product. We’ve been arranging partnerships, hiring team members, and taking steps to ensure Matchstick is more than just a one off product and will be announcing more partnerships, hires, and even some further funding in the coming months. So there it is! We hope you agree it’s better to make a small sacrifice now for a bigger gain later. Our goal is to bring a whole new way of interacting with the screens around you with an easy to use, powerful, and customizable platform. We have big ambitions, but with your help, we are certain we can get there. Thanks for all of your support! - The Matchstick Team PS- Speaking of support - We've also Implemented our support and developer center! Be sure to check it out when you get a chance, especially if you are among our esteemed developers! Happy New Year, Matchstick Fans! We've been rocking it at the International CES in Las Vegas! We were the Pepcom Digital Experience Event on Monday and our booth is located in Eureka Park at the Sands, Tech West space 75205. Are you around? Come by! We have spoken to a number of backers and potential business partners but we are also meeting with Hardware Partners like Rockchip and others to get you the highest quality product we can... on time. We are also meeting with future Content Partners to bring you well...more content! But, most importantly, we also announced something completely new... FLINT. Flint is the first open software and open hardware video-streaming platform created with Mozilla’s Firefox OS inside. Flint aims to deliver highly interactive streaming and screen-to-screen experiences including two way interactivity, ad hoc and remote functionality. It's the system that will run Matchstick... and two hardware partners have signed on to also implement Flint! AOC and TCL, leaders in flat screen technology, will be among the first to embrace and implement Flint technology in products such as HDTV’s, monitors, set top boxes, and more in 2015. We are committed to distributing 1 Million devices in 2015. The manufacturers will have access to capabilities and tools that will allow them to create compelling and user-friendly screen-to-screen experiences using any Firefox OS, Android, or iOS handset, tablet, or computer. It's the Matchstick experience, built into products by AOC and TCL! Stay tuned for more partnership announcements soon. Here's some great press on Flint. GigaOm // GIZMODO // LILIPUTING // LINUXGIZMOS // TELECOMPAPER We Have a New Look! We know you are too kind to mention it but... We had some work done over the Holidays! We launched a new website - Check it out, let us know what ya think! www.matchstick.tv But it's not finished yet... We'll open up our Matchstick Store where you can pre-order Matchstick before it hits retail. We are also working on our Developer Community so all of our developers out there can share their ideas and knowledge! These features should be rolling out in the coming weeks. As always, follow us on the tweets and F'Books , or hit us up via message on Kickstarter for any questions. We will be sending out shipping surveys in a few weeks, so please don't email us your address at this time. Soon enough, we'll be reaching out to update addresses for shipping. Stay Frosty! -The Matchstick Hedgehogs Hello Friends, We hope this update finds you all happy and healthy as we approach the New Year. We are still working hard at rolling Matchstick out to the door to you. By now, most of our Developer Units have been received and peeps around the world are geeking out on them! A few of our peeps posted pics on Twitter, check them out: @LukeInTH , @matths , @osterzl . Post yours and tag us if you haven't yet! We have a lot of exciting things happening! We are getting ready to launch the updated Matchstick Website. We should be online by the end of December. Here you will be able to connect with others in the Developer Community, and we will also begin accepting pre-orders for those who missed out on the Kickstarter campaign, or for those who just want more Matchsticks! We are still deep in development and we have been working with Mozilla to develop DRM features for Firefox OS in order to support premium content providers that you all have been asking for! Yes, that includes Netflix! We wanted to take this opportunity to extend a special invitation to our Developers. We will be attending the International CES in January, and we want to see you there! This is a great opportunity to meet the team behind Matchstick, check out all of our latest demos and talk shop! We will also be making some exciting product and partnership announcements at CES, so you don't want to miss out! Plus, there will be free stickers!! :) What is International CES? The International CES is the world’s gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies. CES is where business gets done – on the show floor, in and around our conference program, in chance encounters, planned meetings and special events. The 2015 CES will host more than 3,500 exhibitors in two million net sq. ft. of space across our three official venues – CES Tech East, CES Tech West and ARIA. What are the details? The Matchstick Team will be at CES from January 6th through the 9th. We will be camped out in Eureka Park at the Sands, Tech West space 75205. Here is the link to add to your CES Planner. Need a badge? Register for a FREE one on us, here . Feel free to hit us up with any questions about the event, and don't forget to follow along on FB and Twitter ! Happy Holidays from the Matchstick Team! Hey Everyone! The Matchstick Team would like to wish a safe and Happy Thanksgiving to all of our backers and fans! We hope our U.S. friends are gearing up for a thankful day filled with loved ones, turkey and PIE. (For our friends in other corners of the world, we think you should have some pie too!) We truly are grateful for all of the support and enthusiasm that y'all have shown us. We wanted to share some updates with you all! Developer Units Shipped! All of our Developer Units have shipped as of last Friday. Some backers have already received their Matchsticks! Delivery time will depend on where you are in the world and how quickly customs clears your package. We can't wait to see what you do with your Matchstick, so be sure to show us on Twitter or FB or post your work to Github ! We are working hard at our production units too! More on that in the coming weeks. Stream-And-Tell Our Stream-And-Tell event at Mozilla in San Francisco was extremely successful! We had such a great time getting to know all of you that attended and showing off all of our demos! If you are in Taipei this week, be sure to link up and catch the event we are holding this Friday. Sign up here- <url>"Fail Whale" . We were lucky enough to have Yiying get involved early enough to help direct the tone and style of Matchstick! Here's a great primer on how she built out the whole look, feel, and style for Matchstick. <url>’s all link up like Voltron for one last push for the final stretch. We have less than 50K to get to our extended goal. The one that will get us both of our stretch goals- Local Play and Ad Hoc. The other day we took feedback about which one you guys would want the most. So far, it looks pretty even! So……we think you want both, and we want to give you both. So let’s share, share, share to hit the magic number that gives us the room to make the best streaming stick we know we all want. REMEMBER: THIS IS THE LAST CHANCE AT GETTING IN ON THE BEST PRICE FOR A MATCHSTICK! Don’t let your friends and family miss out! Spread the word about this last chance opportunity to get in on the first Matchsticks off the line! Scream from the hills, send smoke signals, make flyers, and be sure to tell your friends and family to scope it out. Of course don’t forget Twitter and Facebook, and anywhere you want to share! Let’s make it to 500K! 12 HOURS LEFT! =) <url>’s ability to provide collective feedback and input for all, and we will be listening and responding throughout the campaign. Thanks guys, you rock! The Matchstick Team