The below is a quick video (I am limited to roughly 1.5 minutes by the site) of SYRE in action with my Jawbone wireless speakers... We are still moving through the tooling process, but I wanted you to see things working in real time. Best regards, Anye Here are a few additional images of the Final Engineering Prototype in better lighting. Best regards, LHT Team We are getting close to a very important milestone in this project and we can't wait to share it with you. The final engineering prototype (FEP) is in production and should be completed in the next two weeks. After our approval we will begin tooling for the final cavity molds that will be used for the mass production of both the watch strap and the bluetooth module. While we wait for this milestone I would like to arrange a live chat of sorts in the comments section in order to answer questions from backers to the best of my ability. Depending on interest we can hold this type of chat in between updates from time to time to make sure that people are getting timely information from the Lion Hound team. The first chat will be tomorrow at 10am PST and I will answer as many questions as I can in 1 hour. Feel free to send me a note if you have suggestions or comments about this approach. Ultimately we make decisions based on the tastes, preferences and desires of our backers (and in the near future, our customers). Finding ways to create an ongoing dialogue is not only our desire, but in our best interest. I look forward to checking in tomorrow morning and thank you for your support! All the best, Anyé Spivey Hello esteemed Kickstarter backers! We’re excited to share what we’ve been up to. As you know, I took a trip to China in recent weeks to hammer out some of the manufacturing details. Important progress came out of that trip, primarily the realization that manufacturing is a tough, messy business that changes a lot along the way. Production at scale is complicated because you have to get everything right before you start running the conveyer belt. On a startup budget, there’s no room to scrap something in the middle of production and start all over if one thing isn’t quite right. Which brings me to an important update: despite long hours and hard work we are not going to make our initially anticipated November shipment. That said, I’ve been doing everything I can to move this forward. Even global companies run into delays in production, and the notion that I as a first-time entrepreneur would get it perfect the first time was a bit ambitious. Entrepreneurship = insanity, right? Despite the date change I have not been slowing down and there is a ton of stuff to update you on. First, I wanted to give you some background on the delay. There are a few reason things are taking longer. One is that we have to ensure we’re complying with Apple’s MFi standards and Bluetooth SIG (the organization that manages the Bluetooth standard) at every step of development. It’s a complicated process and we can’t miss any of the finer details. Another is that the final printed circuit board assembly with the Bluetooth chip is a little bigger than we expected, so the design had to change a bit. Don’t worry, it’s still going to be very close to the SYRE design you already know and love, but the portion with the Bluetooth module is a little larger. At the bottom of the page you can see what the printed circuit board assembly (PCBA) looks like and we will have some working samples of the product ready in November that we can show you. Second, I’m hoping to have some preproduction samples available as early as a few months prior to production for those who simply can’t wait (believe me, I know the feeling), with product officially ready in spring of next year. The difference between the preproduction samples and the final product is the final testing process required by Apple, the Bluetooth standard and our various electronics/wireless interference standards boards. We will have done all of our own internal testing and expect SYRE to pass these tests with flying colors, but their approval is required to ship. I’m working with manufacturing to get as many preproduction samples ready as possible. Specific details of how that will work and how you can help us by providing real world feedback during that period will be available as we get closer. The revised design of SYRE, taking into account the larger Bluetooth chip, has already been completed, and we’re getting the final engineering prototype (nicknamed the FEP in manufacturing land) done over the next two to three weeks. Once we sign off on the FEP a few weeks after that, in late November we’ll start tooling, which involves creating the molds for full-scale production. While hardware prototyping happens, we’ll be testing our firmware in a little “black box” called the ATS test that Apple provides us with to confirm that our Bluetooth module is communicating properly with the iPod Nano. We’re also excited to start building out a team of people to work with us. We’re hiring a dedicated engineer for more in-house support on the production side, and once we get SYRE into tooling we’re going to start looking at future products. We’re also talking to multiple investors and networking with other potential business partners that will help us accelerate future plans. Thank you all so much for your support over these past months. When 2012 began I never thought I’d be touring a production facility in China and getting closer every day to releasing SYRE into the wild when October rolled around. I decided to bring SYRE to Kickstarter because of my own positive experience backing new and interesting ideas. To me, Kickstarter is about embracing innovation and helping creative people make their dreams a reality. I am so grateful for your support and hope to earn your loyalty by providing an amazing product you can be proud of. You make SYRE possible! As always, let me know if you have any questions (we will do our best to respond in a timely manner, but we are pushing our modest operation to full capacity so some patience will be necessary), and don’t forget to follow us on Facebook , Twitter and Pinterest . For those that already have thank you for your patience as we ramp up our social media presence and for those that haven’t the best is yet to come so you are getting in at the perfect time! Lion Hound Team Lion Hound Technology Reacts to the New iPod Nano It now appears that only the folks outside of Cupertino truly appreciated the beauty and potential of the iPod Nano watch concept! In case you missed today’s announcement, it appears that Apple has decided to abandon the square form factor that made the iPod Nano watch so compelling. While somewhat disappointing, this has no affect on our plans to bring SYRE to our Kickstarter project backers and the other 30 million Nano G5/6 users! If you already own a Nano and are simply waiting to receive your SYRE, we are working hard daily (and nightly) to bring a polished product to you soon. If you are a Kickstarter backer who backed a reward level that included an iPod Nano then you can rest assured that your 6th generation Nano is sitting patiently in my office protected both from the “all-knowing” Apple product road map engineers and from Miles, our resident furry four-legged Lion Hound (aka Employee #2). If you do not currently own a 5th or 6th generation Nano, however, then: 1) Stop what you are doing right now (yes that includes reading this post) and search the Internet for one while the on-hand stock still exists. Our guess is that unit counts are going to start decreasing rapidly for this newly anointed cult classic. This way you will be ready when SYRE hits the street. 2) Like us on Facebook , follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our Newsletter so that you are among the first to know when SYRE is released to the general public. 3) Tell your friends! Then rinse and repeat… We believe in the future of the smart fitness watch and look forward to continuing to define the concept and form factor. In the future, if and when it makes sense to follow trails that Apple has laid—as is the case with the 5th and 6th generation iPod Nano’s—we will continue to create incredible fitness-focused Apple accessory products. No matter what happens, Lion Hound Technology will keep blazing its own trail in order to bring our customers innovative and wearable fitness technology that enhances the way we live, work and play. Live life unleashed! In the daily grind of life we often skip over celebrating important milestones as we look forward to our next challenge. Whether its the postponement of a honeymoon, putting off a birthday celebration until the following year or skipping happy hour because you have more work to do, it happens to all of us. However, we are not going to let that happen here. Not this time. We are now fully funded and so excited to be moving forward with this concept! It was just under 11 months ago when I said to my wife "why isn't there a watch case that adds Bluetooth functionality to the iPod Nano?" So much has happened since that initial statement that I can't remember if there should be an exclamation point behind the question mark as a result of my general frustration or if it was more of a rhetorical question asked solely out of curiosity. In any event, I decided shortly thereafter that I needed such a device. And if I needed it, there must be others just like me. Thankfully there were as I am not sure my wife would have ever trusted me again with the ATM card or checkbook given the pace at which I raided our modest savings in order to make this dream real. While my first sketch wouldn't have made it up for display at a 5th grade art show, the idea for the perfect iPod Nano watch case was crystal clear in my mind. Three key functional requirements needed to be met. We needed to integrate a Bluetooth chip into the design of the case, we needed to seal off the the data ports to prevent perspiration from entering the most sensitive areas of the Nano and we needed to protect the Nano in such a way that it couldn't fall out of the case or be damaged when the case was dropped. Lastly, these three requirements needed to come together in a package that was both attractive and versatile. It had to work just as well with shorts and a tank top as it did with a suit or jeans. With SYRE, we believe that we've accomplished that goal. Even the most incredible ideas, however, are nothing without the broad support of early adopters and that's where YOU come in! With your support and belief we exceeded our funding goal of $75,000 in 13 days! We reached the $100,000 and 1,000 backers mark in less than three weeks! And yet the story of Lion Hound Technology's SYRE has only just begun. We are working diligently with our engineers and design team to ensure that SYRE turns your iPod Nano into the most incredible smart watch on the market. We are working with our marketing team to get the message about this incredible product out to a broader audience. We are spending our days and nights to make sure that SYRE reaches your wrist as soon as possible. And we are beginning to look for capital in order bring our future concepts to fruition. The smart watch market is in its infancy and our intermediate to long term goal with successive generations of this product is to put a SYRE on every wrist. We thank you for joining us on this special journey and will always remember the people who were there with us at the beginning. We hope that you are as excited as we are and will continue to tell your friends and family about SYRE. It's time to cut the cord and experience life unleashed! Sincerely, Anyé Spivey Several people have written to us looking for information on how one can purchase multiple rewards at the same time. I myself have had this issue with other projects that I have supported. Unfortunately at this time Kickstarter does not support the simultaneous purchase of multiple rewards. However, the way around this is to simply select a reward and then pledge the additional value of whatever additional rewards that you want. At the end of the Kickstarter period I will be sending around a survey that will allow you to select your SYRE size, Nano color (as applicable) and SYRE color. At that point you will be able to remind us (we will also keep our own records) of your package selection. From a shipping perspective, if you are an international purchaser you can include shipping for one order. If the cost of your shipping ultimately exceeds that of one order we will settle up prior to shipment. We are not looking to make money on shipping so we will only charge what is necessary to get your products to you in proper working condition. Thank you for your continued support and remember to tell your friends, post about SYRE on Facebook or message about Life unleashed on Twitter! All the best, Anyé Hello, This week I am on the east coast meeting with SYRE's Bluetooth engineers. While I am out here, I wanted to make sure that I spent some time responding to a question that has been on the minds of a few potential project backers. Several people have asked if SYRE will be able to accommodate their wrist size. Our desire is to produce a product that is attractive on wrists both big and small and is available to as many people as possible. For this reason, we will be producing SYRE in a minimum of two sizes. We believe that we will be able to comfortably address wrist sizes between 4.5" and 10.5" with this approach. This should accommodate the vast number of people. If you have any questions as to whether your wrist size will fits within this range you can measure it by wrapping a string around it, marking where the string intersects itself and recording the measurement. If it is outside of the range above please forward the measurement to us so that we can determine if a third watch case size is necessary. For everyone else, we will create a survey at the end of the Kickstarter period and get their specific order details including color choice and watch size. I hope that this helps to alleviate some of the angst around this issue. Please keep the questions coming and remember to tell your friends and family about SYRE! Sincerely, Anyé Spivey THANK YOU! First I would like thank all of the project backers for both their support and feedback. I've met, however briefly, many thoughtful people in the first few days of this Kickstarter period from around the world and look forward to delivering a high quality innovative product to everyone soon. I am going to be posting updates regularly that address the most common questions so please look there first for information. If your question has not already been answered by a project update or if it is not listed in the FAQ's please feel free to message me directly. I check all messages regularly and try to respond within the first 24 hrs. In most cases, thus far, I have been able to respond within the first few hours. REWARDS Bluetooth Headphones There have been several questions about the rewards that come along with the various pledge levels. The stereo Bluetooth headphones included in the reward packages are called OT Bluetooth Tags and are made by our friends at Outdoor Technology. They are great for intense exercise and can be used with or without the ear clip. They are durable, produce great sound and stay place while you move. Additionally, there is a small clip on the cord that allows you to secure them around your neck when they are not in use. Here is a link to a CNET review with additional specs and images. My wife and I have been testing these out for a couple of months now and we love them. All OT Tags will be purchased at the end of the Kickstarter campaign and if for any reason they are unavailable, project backers will receive a pair of Bluetooth headphones that are, at minimum, comparable to those shown above. iPod Nano (8GB) All backers of the rewards that include the iPod Nano will receive a brand new 7th generation 8GB Apple iPod Nano (pictured below). While we will do all that we can to deliver Nano's in the colors specified by the project backer, colors will be subject to availability. At the end of the Kickstarter period we will request a 1st and 2nd choice from each backer, as applicable. Please contact me if you have any additional questions regarding the project rewards. Lastly, we are going to be doing a bit of housekeeping in the rewards section and remove packages that are not generating any interest and add packages that we think will. Some have expressed frustration that they have not been able to purchase multiple packages at the same time. I am going to add a package that allows of the purchase of 2 Bluetooth SYREs at the same time. If you have suggestions about additional multi-reward packages please let us know and we will consider adding them as an option. SYRE - Life Unleashed! Best regards, Anyé - Lion Hound Technology There were several questions regarding the bluetooth functionality of SYRE. Rather than respond individually we decided to provide an update to all current and future project backers. The Bluetooth adapter will support the following three Bluetooth Classic profiles and protocols. A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Protocol), AVRCP(A/V Remote Control Profile) and iAP (Apple's iPod Accessory Profile). In plain english this means that SYRE will enable you to stream high quality music wirelessly to your Bluetooth headphones while utilizing play, pause, skip and volume functionality. Additionally we are working on adding the ability to stream music from one SYRE to two sets of headphones (multi stream) as well as retaining the functionality of the FM radio, which normally requires the use of wired headphones as it uses the headphone cord itself as an antennae. We will keep the SYRE community abreast of our work with respect to the last two functionalities. All Bluetooth devices must pass through a stringent Bluetooth Qualification Testing in order to use the Bluetooth SIG logo and guarantee interoperability with all devices that have also passed the Bluetooth Qualification Testing. As a result SYRE will be compatible with all Bluetooth enabled devices that have met these requirements. This means that SYRE will work with all Bluetooth headphones, speakers, audio systems and even cars that support the (common) A2DP standard. As far as Bluetooth 4 (aka Bluetooth Low Energy) inclusion, we do not see any use cases that support the inclusion (and associated cost) of this particular functionality as it is a data related protocol not an audio one. The iPod OS does not allow the collection of data from third party devices. However, we are open to innovative concepts regarding this concept and will consider all suggestions. With respect to battery life, like all Bluetooth devices, SYRE will use approximately 20% - 30% more battery life than your Nano ordinarily would. As a result we have designed SYRE to include an on/off switch for the Bluetooth functionality thus allowing you to retain Apple's claimed 24+ hours of usage without the Bluetooth chip engaged. This means that even after using SYRE during your morning/lunch/evening workout and wearing it all day, you will still have enough battery power left to share pictures with friends and family at dinner or during happy hour! We've also gotten a few questions on whether or not SYRE is waterproof. Our initial concept board included waterproofing as one of the capabilities of SYRE. However, the cost and complexities associated with waterproofing while retaining the sleek profile of SYRE were too much for our initial product launch. We can see a variety of use cases for such a feature and will consider it for future undertakings. We are also considering ways to include watchband extenders to allow better usage during snowboarding and skiing season. While we believe SYRE to be an incredible product that truly transforms the iPod Nano, it is only the beginning and we have a number of additional innovative concepts they we are considering for future products. SYRE - Live life unleashed!