Hey backers, We are very excited to announce that, at long last, Meriwether is now on Steam Early Access! We also have a hot new trailer! You can check out both at <url>é prints. They will be going out via separate post next week. In the mean time, don't forget that the game is available to you as a download through humble.com . Just login using the same email address you use for Kickstarter. Our current version is "Silver v2," and we hope to have v3 available to you in a few weeks. Thanks so much, and enjoy your physical rewards! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey backers, We just released a new version of Meriwether through the Humble store! This update fixes a number of critical bugs and incorporates much of the incredible feedback you've been sending to us based on the original release of Silver. Thank you for all of the excellent critique and bug reports--please keep it coming! The new build is uploaded to the Humble store. Just login to your account at humblebundle.com and it will be in your library. At this point there are so many minor bug fixes we're not listing all of them, but here's the major changes you might care about: - We are fairly certain we fixed the black screen hang during loading. We are also hoping this bug was the cause of some of the other loading issues experienced in the previous build. If anyone still sees this, please let us know! - Hunting is greatly simplified. Guns no longer wobble and you now fire directly through a reticle in the center of the screen. - Made many improvements and clarifications to the user interface; most notably it should now scale down to accommodate screens smaller than 1400x900. - Shooting friendly characters will now cause them to become mortally wounded. You can heal them through the medicine mini-game. - Improved NPC path finding. If they do become stuck they will now fix themselves by teleporting to their destination. - The load game menu has been improved to be clearer and more usable in general. - It should no longer be possible to corrupt a save file such that loading into it makes the player character visible (blocking the screen with his giant head). - Resolved many identified issues leading to corrupt sessions, including fast traveling while on a boat and camping while on a boat. - Innumerable bug fixes, tweaks, and polish. One last thing. Thanks for all your support on this project. If you want to try another game that I co-designed, but is completely different than Meriwether, please check out Isle of Monsters . It's a family-friendly tabletop game being published by Mayday games and they're running a Kickstarter campaign for it right now: <url>"Silver" version of Meriwether, exclusively available to you, our Kickstarter supporters. By "Silver," we mean that this is the release right before "Gold," which is the version we will begin selling to the general public. Of course, you get access to all versions, including Gold: you just get to play the game much earlier! That said, it's important to remember that this is not the finished game. If you prefer a polished play experience, you would do best by holding off until Gold. But the very good news is that, as of now, the game is playable from beginning to end, it is feature-complete, and it showcases the many narrative and mechanical innovations we have developed in the creation process. We can't wait for you to play and enjoy! You can download Meriwether Silver via the Humble store: <url>"feels good" to play! Another factor that affects whether a game feels good is performance, so we'll be working on making the game run faster and require fewer resources from your computer. There is one major issue that is occurring on some computers. At the start of some levels, the game may hang on a black screen for a very long time. If this happens, kill the game (Alt-F4 on Windows, Cmd-Q on Mac), restart Meriwether, and then hit "load" on the main menu to resume where you left off. Please let us know if you encounter this error because we are trying to ascertain exactly why and when this happens. Here's a list of other known issues. This will also help to give you a sense of what we're planning to work on to reach Gold! - some sound effects are placeholder or missing - world map is outdated - Pryor's report has outdated buttons - "soaked" appears before rain starts - different graphics levels need to impact terrain - snow is not working - shouldn't allow checking of non-existent traps -need to add specular maps to character shader - need to hide oars and ropes when you drive keelboat - shoshone weapons don't kill you - credits are missing - tooltips don't appear while characters are walking - minimap out of date - when closing minimap, letterboxing appears for a moment - you should get burned when you walk through fire - local avoidance for characters and animals is broken - many minor cosmetic issues - music needs to crossfade between songs We really want your feedback. Please send it to <email>. The more feedback we receive the sooner we will make the game better! For the physical rewards, the maps are taking a little longer than expected to get finalized. We received a proof last week, and we are making a few graphical improvements based on it. Rewards are coming soon! We will keep you updated. Thank you again so much. Here's hoping you love the game you have supported. Josh &amp; the Meriwether Team Dear Backers, This is the star-spangled news you've been waiting for. We will be shipping you a Kickstarter-exclusive "Silver" build of Meriwether on Flag Day: June 14! In game development, the final release of a game is knows as the "Gold" build. We're calling this our "Silver" build because, while we're not quite ready to release it to the general public at this point, the game is feature complete and stable. Most importantly, we want to give all of you, our backers, an opportunity to give us feedback on all aspects of the game. We can’t wait for you to play and tell us what you think. Only once we have the opportunity to polish, improve performance, and take your feedback into account, then we will make an actual Gold build and start selling the game publicly. And of course, all backers will get access to all forthcoming builds. Rewards We will be shipping rewards to coincide with the Flag Day release! We have almost all of them already, as you can see from Exhibit A: T-shirt, Compass USB (two displayed so you can see the front and back), merit badge, and my personal favorite, the Thunderclappers mints! We are finalizing the giclée prints that our most generous backers will be receiving as we speak and expect they will ship on-time. And we finalized the cloth map/in-game map design just a few weeks ago; we have now begun the printing/cutting process for those. We will update with a picture of the cloth map soon! With your support, we have been able to create a game like nothing else out there. You simply won't find a combination of history, narrative, and innovative mechanics out there that Meriwether delivers. We are so excited to give put it in your hands. We can't thank you enough. Josh, Carlos, &amp; the Meriwether team Hey backers, We're just about to send our map to print. But first, we wanted to run it by y'all one last time as a quick check to make sure we didn't mess something up. We've been starting at it for so long, it would be good to have you all take a look with fresh eyes! Thanks for all your feedback last time, as you can see we have integrated much of that feedback here. Just a reminder, this is a map of Meriwether, not necessarily of the Lewis and Clark expedition. All of the other physical rewards are either finished or ready to go to print shortly. More on that soon to come! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey backers! The Kickstarter-exclusive version of Meriwether fast approaches! (Remember, you get the game before the general public.) We will be updating more frequently in the coming weeks as we prepare to send you the game. Coming soon: action shots of the swag we have for you! Today, we want to feature our superb voice actor: Ben Britton IS Meriwether Lewis! As we focus on polishing up Meriwether for release, one of the final things to be done is to replace Carlos's placeholder voiceover with the actual recordings. To remind you, we didn’t make our voiceover stretch goal, but we decided we just couldn’t live without at least a little of the color and character that a talented actor can add. So now, between levels, you will hear Lewis describe his state of mind and the state of the Corps as they make their way westward, and then back home. Click the above clip to hear Meriwether Lewis (as portrayed by Ben Britton) announce, with his typical sense of decorum overrun by the joy of the occasion, that he has succeed in his mission to cross North America. We asked Ben a few questions about his work as a voice actor in general and specifics about his work on Meriwether. Here's our interview: 1. Tell us a little about yourself: your education, your career, what you do for fun. Absolutely! I've been acting for a long time, since childhood, and in 1994 I attended NYU's Tisch School of the Arts for Drama. Several years ago I started getting into VO work and I've been doing so ever since. As an avid gamer since back in the Apple II days (we had a IIgs, it was amazing), VO work for games has always been an absolute favorite of mine. The interactive storytelling in modern gaming is almost unmatched by any other medium. It's amazing stuff to work on as an actor. And as far as what I do for fun: regardless of how booked up the schedule gets, I always try to find at least a little bit of time to get some gaming in. Sometimes on the consoles, sometimes on the PC, sometimes the tabletop. We're huge, huge boardgame fans. You name it, we'll play it. 2. What's the life of an actor and voice-actor like? What are things about the career that no one tells you about? Generally? Busy, very busy. There's always additional work to be done, scenes to be recorded, audio to prep. It's really, really easy to let yourself get overwhelmed. Finding the right balance can be a bit of a challenge. I think one thing that doesn't frequently get mentioned about VO work is the sheer amount of time you'll spend in front of a computer. Generally when you think of voice acting, you think of a person going into a booth, recording their lines, and that's the end of it. But in a lot of cases, that's really only half of the equation. As an independent VO artist you're typically your own engineer, director, producer, etc., so you'll find yourself in front of a computer screen, doing things other than performing, for significant amounts of time. Consequently it's important to try and educate yourself in as many facets of the industry as possible. Never be afraid to ask questions, or to start up a conversation with developers and other members of the industry. You never know what it might lead to, and you won't find out unless you take those initial first steps. 3. How did you decide on the kind of voice you wanted to give Meriwether Lewis? What qualities did you try to impart through him through the voice? Did you need to do any special kind of preparation? The beautiful thing about playing a historical figure like Meriwether Lewis is the vast amount of research data that you have at your disposal. His life, his personality, his time spent on the expedition - it's all documented and chronicled. He seemed like the kind of man who was genuinely in awe of the task ahead of him and his crew, both for the opportunity for scientific discovery, and for the staggering toil that would be involved. But at times he was also deeply burdened by it, by the expectations of the journey. I tried to convey that split whenever possible. He was a complicated man, put in an incredibly daunting position. Having access to all the historical information and feedback from Josh and the team was unbelievably helpful. I love character research, and all of it was invaluable in finding the proper tone for Lewis. 4. Were there any unexpected challenges you encountered doing the voice-work for this project? Given the amount of research material and the quality of the team's feedback, there really wasn't much that was unexpected. One small thing I can think of: the names of some of the tribes of that time period. Many of them aren't the kind of words that you'd encounter in a typical conversation, and quite a few of them were pronounced in ways that took me a bit by surprise. Reading them on the page was one thing, but saying them out loud, with the emphasis in the proper place? That was something else entirely. Luckily, Josh and the team were always there to help steer me in the right direction. All in all, it was smooth sailing. The project was an absolute blast to work on. An experienced actor and graduate of New York University's renowned Tisch School of the Arts, Ben can currently be heard in such videogame titles as 'Project Nimbus' by GameCrafterTeam (PC), 'The Lawless' by The Innocent Devils (iOS/Android), and Indiecade &amp; Develop Award Finalist 'Ether One' by White Paper Games (PC/PS4). Find him at benbrittonvo.com and on Twitter at @BenKBritton . ### More soon, folks! As always, thank you for your support. Carlos, Ben, &amp; the Meriwether Team Hey Backers! We're about to start sending a series of updates to show the two things we've been focusing on: polishing the game and creating the physical rewards. First up is the map, which serves both of those purposes. We will be printing cloth maps as physical rewards, but it also appears in-game as a world map. Keep in mind, this is a map of Meriwether, the game. It's not necessarily a map of the U.S. or the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Specifically, it shows the places depicted in and from the perspective of the game. We wanted to send this around for one last round of feedback before it goes to print. Do you notice anything wrong or missing? Anything that could look better? Please let us know before it's too late! Josh &amp; the Meriwether Team Hey Backers! We're nearing completion, and Carlos was the first team member to finish all his work, so with the writing complete, he is now taking on the task of reward fulfillment. As hundreds of you already know, we have sent the survey out for Meriwether rewards! We can't tell you how excited we are! The game and rewards will be in your hands soon. Specifically, the survey is for those backers who are receiving physical rewards or from whom we needed information (e.g. to which institutions you’d like to donate Scholarship copies of Meriwether). If your rewards are all digital, no need for a survey! If you haven't already, please fill out the survey ASAP, and no later than Sunday 20 September. If you didn't receive a survey, please e-mail us at <email> and we will send you one. Thanks much! We will be sending out our pre-launch update soon. Josh and the Meriwether Team Hey Backers! We’ve had our noses to the grindstone and are getting very close to being finished. We’ve been conducting extensive team reviews of all content, and making final punch lists of historical issues, bugs, and art that need to be polished. The third, and hopefully final, version of the Beta is now available to all Engage-level backers and above through the Humble store. Just log in at Humble.com with the email you used to back Meriwether. Please contact us privately if you’re having difficulty logging in. TUTORIALS The most important feature of the new Beta is the addition of in-game tutorials. These address the biggest issue that arose from the previous Beta, which was that many players had difficulty learning some of the specific mechanics, especially of the medicine minigame. We have added tutorials for that situation, as well as earning facet skill points through dialogue, reloading, basic interaction, plant and animal discovery, the command mechanic, and more. These appear as text overlays at appropriate times, and stay up until you perform the associated action. They don’t force you to do the action right away, but they do encourage you to do it relatively soon. (Plus often it will be at a point where you can’t progress without performing the associated action anyway.) INTERPRETERS One thing that’s been a thorn in our side since the beginning of the game has been how to handle translation in conversations. Lewis encountered dozens of different languages on his journey, and translation, or the lack thereof, was a monumental challenge he had to deal with. However, it’s also important to us that the game is readable and that you’re able to have nuanced, interesting conversations with the American Indian characters throughout the game, despite the fact that communication was often difficult. After all, the Corps of Discovery often had weeks, sometimes months to discuss matters with the American Indians. Our conversations are distillations of the history: what players experience in minutes may have taken the Corps an entire season. Throughout the years of development, we’ve tried everything from ignoring translation to adding mechanics and interpretation minigames, but ultimately we’ve finally settled with a simple but effective solution: each translated conversation starts with a narrator node describing that it’s translated, to the effect of “translated from the Oto by Faufong and Dorion,” as you can see in the screenshot below. This particular conversation is your first interpreted conversation and it helps reinforce how awkward, confusing, and stilted things could get. This convention reminds the player that there are others present, even if they rarely materially participate in the conversation, and that while it’s all written in English, the characters are all speaking in their various languages. It also has a bit of a literary flair, which we feel helps best convey the style of the game. UNITY 5 IMPROVEMENTS Just prior to our previous Beta release, we had updated our development environment to Unity 5, which gave us a lot of improvements, but also broke a lot of what was already working. Since then, we have fixed and improved a number of these issues. We ripped out all of the old Image Effects (some dating back to Unity 3.x with lower quality and lower performance than their more modern counterparts) and selected some key Unity 5 effects to bring the game up to a better standard. Note that most of these, other than Unistorm, were added after we tested and built the Beta, so we’ve included screenshots of them here since you can’t see most of them in-game yet. UNISTORM The most obvious thing you’ll notice in the new beta is that we finally moved from an ancient version of our dynamic weather and time-of-day system (Unistorm) to a new Unity 5 supported version. The harsh edges on the skybox are gone and things are looking significantly better overall. The different in the skybox between the previous build is, well, day and night. From there we had a few key image effects in mind that we knew we wanted to add into the game. The largest contributor is undoubtedly bloom; it’s an effect that the industry has definitely overused in the past, but it’s absolutely instrumental in getting that sun-kissed, outdoor look Meriwether relies on. On top of that we are dropping on simple full-screen antialiasing and screen-space ambient occlusion. Ambient occlusion is a very powerful rendering technique that tries to approximate the darkness you would expect to see in all of the creases and corners of the geometry in the real world. In Meriwether it means that our few indoors scenes are looking better, our grass is starting to have some real depth to it, and the details in the characters are more pronounced. You can see in our comparison shots that it brings a lot of depth to the scenes, especially when there is intricate geometry visible. It’s not perfect yet (the edges of the room need improvement for sure), but like the rest of these effects this is simply our first pass and we’ll definitely be tweaking things as we move towards the full release. You may have also noticed in these comparison shots that the outline shader has finally made a return. Our original shader was broken when moving to Unity 5, and even beforehand, we weren’t satisfied with the look. Recently, we decided to bring the outlines back, but with an updated behavior. Now when you are at a distance from the object the outline is not at all visible (where as before it was overdone)—as you move closer to the characters, a subtle outline appears to help distinguish them from the background. Finally, we have one last new visual touch we are experimenting with. This one needs the most improvement, but we are excited to hear your thoughts on this early preview. One issue we’ve had with the dialogue system is that it can be difficult to separate the characters, and especially the dialogue UI itself, out from the world; we’d like them to pop more. To accomplish this, we have added a "depth of field" effect to the game that appears only when in a character interaction, placing the characters involved directly along the focal plane, and therefor blurring everything in the background, just a little bit. We’re also going to experiment with adding this feature to other interactions, such as plant discovery. FEEDBACK We need your detailed feedback right now. We’re particularly looking for feedback on two aspects: 1. The placeholder voiceover that plays while you’re traveling across the world map. Do you like how this works stylistically? Any final edits we should make to the text before we record the final voiceover with a real voice actor? 2. The popup tutorials. Do you like how they look? Do you like where and when they appear? Is the wording clear? Do they give you all the information you need in the most succinct way possible? Once we get some more feedback on these we can finish up and polish this feature. WHAT’S LEFT Here’s a list of the major tasks we still have left on our plate: 1. Record Voiceover : Carlos’s placeholder recordings have treated us well so far, but all the writing is now final enough that we can be confident it won’t change. That means it’s time for Jim to hire a voice actor to record the voiceover for real. We’re going to wait about a week or so in case any of you have final feedback on this. 2. Flora Replacement : The current foliage in the game represents only a subset of the actual plants we want to include. Barb has meticulously researched which plants should appear in each level, and we need to revise these plants accordingly and regenerate the procedural terrain with these new species. We have been waiting to do this until we could incorporate Speedtree, which was supposed to be supported by Unity 5. Unfortunately, we have found that they implemented it poorly and so it is way too slow for any actual game to use. So, we are back to regular Unity trees--now we just need to go in and replace them with the proper species. We also need to create the matching sketches for the plant observation mechanic. 3. Polishing and bugfixing : our artists and programmers are now primarily focusing on cleaning up and polishing what we have. There’s a few minor assets and features we’re adding, but mostly it’s just a matter of finalizing what we already have. 4. Reward fulfillment : since Carlos is now essentially finished with writing, other than an occasional edit or revision here and there, he is now working on getting the physical rewards manufactured and sent out to you! Please, check out the Beta build and give us your feedback. Next update we will be sending out a preliminary build to everyone! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey Backers! We listened to your feedback from the Beta build, and are excited to announce a new Beta release that takes much of that feedback into account. LEVEL CONTINUITY The most prominent issue with our previous build was that the levels seemed to jump around, and you were never sure how and why you arrived at any particular place. With this new version, we have put a great deal of effort into giving context to each level. Primarily, we have added a world map that shows where that level exists spatially within the world. The art we used was the art for our printed world map, so we need to now go back and revise that map for the level of detail needed in-game. Also, before each flashback, we help situate you temporally by starting with “Washington, D.C. (three years earlier.)”. VOICEOVER We’ve also added voiceovers during the loading-screen/world-map that help explain how you got there from the previous level, as well as reflecting on what happened and/or giving context to the creative themes explored within the upcoming level. The voiceover is temporarily narrated by our very own Carlos, who would be the first to tell you that it is extremely placeholder! We will replace this audio with a professional voice actor once we determine that it is working as expected and the writing is fully edited. RELOADING INTERFACE We finally have art in place for the reloading interface. It still functions more or less the same, but it looks way better and is clearer. POLISH AND BUG FIXES We have more characters, more art, polished icons and interface, and way less bugs. The most noticeable improvement will be with load times. We’ve determined that, while the levels will remain procedurally generated, we’ll pre-cache as much as possible to ensure a smooth, painless loading process even on older machines. CAVEAT Because we were primarily focusing on addressing the level continuity for this build, our testing was mostly on the first half of the game, basically up to the Mandan villages. The levels after that relatively untested at the moment. They might work, but no promises! NEXT STEPS We’ll be sending out at least one more Beta build before sharing the final game with all backers. Hopefully this one will come quicker. We’re now focusing on getting the second half of the game polished up in the same manner, punching up Pryor’s Report, and finishing the remaining art and lower-priority features. HUMBLE STORE &amp; DOWNLOAD LINK We’re now distributing Meriwether using the Humble Store. It’s much more reliable than our previous methods, and will allow us to seamlessly transition to selling a DRM-free version through their store once we launch. If you already have a login with Humble, you can download it through your account. Otherwise just go to <url>’ll make sure you get your copy. This link works for both the Beta and the final game, although obviously only the Beta is accessible right now (and only to backers at the $40 tier or higher.) FEEDBACK Most importantly, give us your feedback on this build. Please! We need it to keep improving the game. Feel free to post it below, so that other backers don’t have to repeat the same info. Or if you have screenshots or would rather keep it private, feel free to email me at <email>. Let us know if you think this new build addresses the continuity concerns! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Beta begins today! We could not be more excited. This is a project that began years before the Kickstarter was launched; to have it, at long last, reach this milestone leaves the Meriwether team collectively breathless. We truly believe we have a fun, compelling game that has a new perspective on the Lewis and Clark story as well as innovative game mechanics, all couched in a meticulously researched and lovingly written meditation on the nature of discovery and heroism. We're grateful for your enthusiastic support in building this amazing game. If you backed us at the ENGAGÉ level ($40 or higher), you will be receiving a link shortly to download the Beta. If you don't receive anything, we must not have a current e-mail for you. Please contact us immediately, either through Kickstarter or at <email> so that we can get the Beta into your hands. Better than Beta! Most Betas are used to help find technical glitches and test compatibility with different systems. We're taking a more active approach: we CRAVE your input about the game design, story, art, and everything else because we know our backers can help us improve every aspect of this game (as you already have!). You can help us fill in any of our design blind spots, refine mechanics and dialogue and character development, and most importantly, tell us what you like and what you don't. Any feedback you give us will help make the game stronger. The more the better! That said, if you would rather play a finished game than an early, evolving beta, you may want to hold off on downloading until the game reaches a slightly more refined state. We will update often with new revised builds, and let you know the state of the game, so that you can decide what stage of release is right for you. Betatesting Tips Here's a few pointers on how you can criticize us most constructively: 1. Trust your feelings User-friendliness is an iterative art. If something is confusing, doesn't feel right, works counterintuitively for you, or seems just plain weird, please do not assume it's your fault. It's not you; it's us. :) Tell us, so we can look for a way to improve all interactions in the game. 2. Say why Saying why you did or did not like something gives us the qualitative richness that really gives us food for thought. The biggest way to have a lasting impact as a beta tester is to explain your thinking to us. 3. Take a screenshot, or even a Vine! Pictures are worth a thousand words, and moving pictures a thousand words per frame! If we can see exactly what's happening on your machine when a bug activates, we will be able to squash it much more quickly. You can take a screenshot very easily. On Windows computers, just press the Print Screen button, open Microsoft Paint, and press Ctrl+V or use the Paste command in the menu bar. On Macs, just press Command+Shift+3 to take a screenshot. Save the file and send it to us. Our Dev team has also been using the Vine app. We use our phone to record what's happening on the screen, then send Vines to each other with brief explanations. That's turned out to be a really useful tool for us, so feel free to Vine us, too! 4. The game is not yet balanced We will only have a sense of how hard the game difficulty level is after we've had enough players playtest it and give us feedback. It will likely start off woefully unbalanced. Our goal is to make a game that feels challenging, maybe even occasionally overwhelming, but never so hard that it is unfun. Let us know what you think about the difficulty so we can hone in on the challenge-level sweet spot. If you have your own beta-testing tips, please share them in the comments! What If I'm Not a Beta Tester? Don't worry! All backers of Meriwether will get to play the game well before it's released to the general public. After beta-testers have had a chance to give us their reactions and we've revised the game based on their feedback, we'll release a 0.9 version of the game to all backers. That will be a second, larger round of testing, where we will still be listening carefully to player feedback and improving the game on all fronts. And of course, you will have access to builds from then on, all the way to the final release, once it's ready for primetime. We cannot thank you enough for your continued support. With Beta, the real fun begins, because we start to share the game with our supporters. Excelsior! Josh and the Meriwether team Hey Backers, It's been a cold but busy week here in Brooklyn. We are just finishing a major Meriwether crunch session and we are finally ready to make a major announcement: We will be releasing Beta to our upper-tier backers on January 30th! Along with the Beta release, on the 30th we will also announce the release date of the final version of the game. We have a pretty good idea now of when that will be, but we want to keep it under our hats until the 30th, when we will be able to make a fully informed decision. The last thing we want to do is miss another deadline! The initial release, for Kickstarter backers only, will be a soft launch. We will continue polishing, optimizing, and revising the game based on your feedback for a little while longer before we begin widely publicizing it and selling the a general audience. Thanks for your continued support and patience. We can't wait to get this in your hands! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team. Hey backers! We’re in the home stretch! We’ve extended our internal beta a little longer, to add just a bit more polish on the game before we send it out to our beta-level backers. We’ve been focusing on the nitty gritty details, like fixing bugs, correcting typos, and optimizing gameplay performance. All that stuff makes for interesting work, but there’s not much else to say about it, except that we are plugging away at it. But we do have two notable features that have solidified or changed lately, and we want to share those with you. Ailment system You don’t have hit points in Meriwether. Most of the damage you take is a series of small papercuts that wear you down over time.Occasionally a serious threat, like an angry Grizzly, presents itself, but most damage comes from nuisances like the thorn of a prickly pear cactus through the sole of your moccasin, or a relentlessly troublesome swarm of mosquitos. When you take damage, it has an immediate effect; for instance, stepping on a thorn stops your movement for a moment, mosquito bites annoyingly interrupt whatever you’re doing while Lewis scratches, etc. You also gain an “ailment icon,” which appears on the left side of the screen. This icon has a cooldown timer on it, and when the timer triggers, the damage effect hits you again. One thorn in your foot isn't much of an impediment, but when you’re cold, wet, tired, itchy, and also footsore, even the smallest mission becomes a sisyphean task. Ailments are removed when you rest, and the number removed depends on the quality of your sleep; a warm campfire is sure to warm your bones better than a snowy night under the stars. The ailment system has also been integrated with another system we’ve struggled with: running! Like in many first-person games, holding shift allows you to run. But thematically, it didn’t feel right for Lewis to be running all the time. We have previously experimented with stamina bars and all sorts of other mechanics, but they were always unnecessarily complicated. The way it works now is that when you’re running, the cooldown timers on your ailments speed up. So running when you’re fresh is not a problem, except for the fact that it’s harder to avoid stepping on a cactus or spooking an elk. Essentially, you have the stamina to run as much as you want. Once you’re burdened with a number of ailments, however, running becomes much less useful and encourages you to become judicious in its use. Redshirts Killed Off! New Leadership System! In game development, one of the most difficult, but most important skills is knowing when to kill your darlings. We decided to cut a feature--well, really we abstracted it--and the game is now stronger for it. I wish we had decided to do this much earlier. For a long time now, you have been able to “recruit” NPC followers (Internally, we called them “redshirts”) to lead around the level. The higher your leadership, the more followers you could lead around. Depending on the character, they would do a variety of things, like help you hunt, give you stat bonuses, or special abilities. Sounds pretty good, right? Wrong! Ultimately, redshirts presented three problems: some of their powers, like hunting, took agency away from players; other powers, like stat boosts, were not interesting, as they oversimplified or out-and-out removed player choice; and in all the feature was way too much work to implement in a way that felt fluid and natural. We sunk way too much time into it already, and trying to get it working, even at a basic level, would have eaten up countless more hours of Kyle’s precious programming time. The feature we have replaced it with was easy to implement, more transparent to the player, more interesting, and more fun. The way it works is that all the NPCs are scattered randomly within a radius of your camp, sometimes in small groups, and sometimes alone. Many of these NPCs have a signature ability tied to their historical role with the Corps of Discovery: scouting, big game hunting, small game hunting, gathering, fiddling, blacksmithing, tailoring, etc. Depending on your leadership level, you can give commands to 0-4 of these NPCs per day. At the end of the day (when you encamp) Sergeant Pryor presents his report to you that reflects the events of the day, which includes the results of these commands you’ve issued. Sometimes, the command will have been successful (e.g. “York brought home some rabbits: +1 Food”), or if it’s unsuccessful, you’re given information instead which will be useful for future days (e.g. “Drouillard saw no sign of large game in the vicinity.”) Depending on Lewis’s skills, the needs of the moment, and the Corps members you wish to use, you can choose a variety of different approaches to solve the most difficult problem the Corps faced: surviving day to day. Unity 5 Beta--Our Take On the technical end, we just updated to the latest version of the Unity game engine, version 5, beta 16. We had a few hiccups in the conversion, and unfortunately it took up a significant amount of time to complete the update, but in the end it was a worthy investment that will pay for itself in the long run. The most important change we’ve noticed is that the Unity 5 editor is faster and more stable. We think this is primarily because it is now 64-bit and can fully take advantage of more RAM. This is boosting our productivity, and it’s making it much more pleasant to work on such a large project. Pleasant = productivity! We’ve also seen a significant performance increase. The game is running faster and smoother, with little extra work on our end. We’ll still have to spend some time improving performance on our own, but thank you Unity team for making things that much easier for us! Unity 5 also boasts a host of new features. Most relevant to Meriwether is integration of SpeedTree. This is middleware specifically built to quickly and beautifully render trees. Since our game is filled with such large, open landscapes, it’s very common to see many trees at a distance. The trees in prior versions of Unity “billboarded” by becoming flat 2D planes in the distance, as a necessary way to process a large number of 3D objects on screen. However, SpeedTree handles this much more seamlessly, preventing the trees from “popping” from 2D to 3D like they used to. We want to switch over most or all of our trees to SpeedTree. It also allows us to dynamically change trees based on season, which will add some nuance to the game’s artwork. Yet another useful new feature in Unity 5 is their revised Graphic User Interface system. The previous GUI system was terrible, and the third-party solutions were only marginally better. Although much of our GUI is already implemented, the remaining elements are going in in a third of the time or less. Finally, Unity 5 also features a new standard, physically-based shader. Without getting too technical, this combines all the various shaders into one, gives us more flexibility, and in general will make much of the game, especially materials with specular (shiny) features, look better without any additional work. Next! We’re going to have a lot of development time available at the start of the new year and will be crunching on Meriwether through January. As always, we’ll keep you posted about our progress. Next update we’ll also include some of our new art, including new characters and some other miscellaneous objects. We also planning on hosting a few more game-streams in the near future. Have a happy holiday and a happy new year, everyone! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey Backers! Since our last Meri-making, we’ve focused on tying up the few remaining loose ends in the gameplay. There were a couple game mechanics that we have struggled with since the start, but we have now slain those bugbears! Weapon Aiming System Sometimes you have to see the world before you know the value of home. The obvious way to implement a gun in a 3D game is to point it in a direction and, when the player hits a button, shoot where it’s pointing. When we set out, and up until recently, we naively thought that Meriwether was “too civilized” of a game for such a “primitive” mechanic as point-and-shoot. We experimented with a number of ways to make shooting more cerebral and more strategic. But we just “succeeded” in making it convoluted and pretentious. So we finally came round to the simplicity, elegance and intuitiveness of point-and-shoot. We did add some wobble to the rifle, which makes it a little more challenging and gives you a specific stat that can be improved (if you choose to focus on the Soldier facet.) Most of the difficulty now stems from animals’ animations and behaviors. It took us way too long to arrive at this simple solution, but we’re glad to be home now! Rifle Reloading System Throughout our development process we have struggled to create a rifle reloading system that is both simple enough to be easy to learn, yet complicated enough to reflect the history. Loading your gun in the early 19th century was hard! It’s also interesting and has a lot to say about the history of firearms that we think our playerbase will find interesting. We’ve tried a number of systems throughout the development process, but were never quite happy with them. The one we’ve had implemented most of the time was a slow progress bar that made you wait to fire again while you reload automatically. It conveyed the intended slow rate of fire, but it was little more than an annoyance. And annoyance is pretty much the opposite of fun. We’ve finally come up with a system that’s working well in our playtesting. Here’s how it works: after you fire, you must press R to reload. Then, there are a series of six steps that you must perform in order: 1. BITE the top of your paper cartridge off (a cartridge is a paper package containing a premeasured amount of powder and a lead ball that soldiers would pre-make before they headed off to hunt or do battle) 2. PRIME the pan 3. POUR powder down the barrel 4. Insert WADDING 5. Insert BALL 6. RAM the ball down the barrel Each of those steps will have an icon and a hotkey associated with it. You can click on the icons, or press the associated hotkeys. The steps must always be performed in this order, but the display order is shuffled every time you reload. If you select a step in the wrong order, you must start the process from the beginning. We should note here that these six steps are a simplified, symbolic version of all the steps really necessary to reload a flintlock rifle. As always, we’re balancing history with gameplay, and so far the gameplay feels best with six steps. Even those of us who have practiced the steps have noted that the process always requires a bit of attention to get right, though we also like how much faster we get at reloading the more we practice. It’s just hard enough that you’re always trying to optimize it in low-stakes situations, but you must also laser-focus your attention to reload while a grizzly is charging at you. And that’s just what we want! Map Loci Much of the procedurally generated content of the game, like animals, birds and NPCs, is created by clustering similar elements around points of focus we call “loci.” We used this concept early in development but at some point lost it; our procedural content started to get scattered evenly across the map. Recently we noticed that the levels were feeling “mushy.” The individual areas of each level lacked definition or differentiation, and the things you encountered felt random. And so we reintroduced the loci and clustering of content, and all of a sudden there were intriguing peaks and troughs in the gameplay. We have now doubled-down on this loci feature. Now, if you spot elements of a particular locus, that locus is revealed on your map as a written description. This is important because, while technically the locus has a central point, the important concept to convey is that a general area around the locus contains many elements of a type. For instance, if you see some deer, it may draw “a herd of fat deer” on your map. And these elements can also be revealed by spotting “sign” that indicates their presence. For instance, big game is revealed by finding scat (your trusty dog Seaman helps you spot it), and NPCs are revealed by finding prior campsites (tipi rings or burnt-out fires). Having these elements on the map makes it clear that they are clustered and helps guide you to the types of interactions you’re interested in at the moment, both strategically and for the sake of exploration. Oto Character Models Art production is still our biggest bottleneck, but we’re getting there! Our character artist J recently finished our principal Oto characters. From left to right, meet Big Horse, Little Thief and BaZa Conja. In his journal, Clark notes about Big Horse’s nudity, saying that Big Horse came to the council naked in order to show how poor he was. Our Oto advisor Matt Jones also related an interesting backstory about this. Oto oral tradition describes his nudity as a punishment. Apparently in their first meeting with the Corps of Discovery, Big Horse overemphasized his prominence within the tribe. Then in their second meeting, he was forced to travel to and from the council without any clothes, as punishment within the tribe. J is working on completing the Mandan and Hidatsa characters next! Wrapping Up With these out of the way, the game is finally in a state where we are comfortable to have you playing it without our immediate supervision. So, very very soon we will start sharing it with those of you backers who are at the Beta level and higher. We can’t wait to hear your feedback! Josh &amp; the Meriwether Team The stream is go! Come see the first level of the game, but STAY for the unbelievable acting, as Josh and Carlos perform the dialogue! We're hopping on Twitch right now, so come join us and check out our Philadelphia level at <url>"dead air", we did our best to act out the parts--Josh (poorly) taking on the role of Lewis, and Carlos (less poorly) playing everyone else. It was pretty fun and we'll do that again. We'll send a reminder tomorrow right before we go live and then send out the recorded link after we're finished. Josh &amp; Carlos We're hopping on Twitch right now! Come join us and check out our Philadelphia level at <url>’ve been hard at work finishing up the nitty gritty details to get our Beta ready. This month we wanted to get technical and share some of that detail with you. But first we have a brief 19th century fashion show for you! Lewis’s Outfits Meriwether is looking dapper as ever in his new outfits. You can change outfits throughout the game to change up your strategy by gaining different bonuses. Civilian Outfit Lewis is quite a dandy in his civilian garb. He's wearing this outfit at the beginning of the game in Philly and during his flashbacks to The President’s House. Later in the game, if you choose to dress in this outfit, you’ll receive additional options while trading. Military Uniform Captain Lewis has a commanding presence and boundless charisma. When wearing his military uniform, Lewis can lead an extra follower. (Followers are privates, interpreters, or laborers who can carry resources and perform tasks for you.) Buckskins with Ermine Tippet While visiting with the Shoshone, their chief Cameahwait gives you a beautiful ermine (weasel) tippet which is a great accessory to his buckskins. While wearing this outfit, Lewis moves faster and gets a bonus while identifying plants and animals. Procedural Terrain This section gets very detailed and technical. We tried to keep it approachable, but there’s a lot to cover, and we wanted to really show you what we’ve been working on. So get ready! The Corps of Discovery never knew what to expect around the next bend. Representing that feeling of exploration has always been one of the central tenets of our design philosophy for this game. It’s important to us that players don’t know what’s around the bend. From very early on we knew that we wanted at least some of Meriwether’s terrain to be procedurally generated. It’s been a lot of work, but we finally have it to a point where we are satisfied with the results. Initially our procedurally generated levels were going to have a totally different interface and gameplay than the handcrafted levels. These levels were going to fill in the gaps between the handcrafted levels and were all about exploration and resource management. Our initial prototypes involved randomly scattering resources around a flat map, with a straight river, like you see here in our original paper and digital prototypes. This method didn't create a sense of space, but it worked mechanically. Next, we started experimenting with more interesting terrain features by creating a 3D space, but from an overhead perspective. We created the terrain by stitching together hexagonal “tiles” of premade terrain. The edges of the tiles were flagged with specific terrain features like mountains and rivers so that they would match up, like tiles in the boardgame Carcassonne. If you look closely, you’ll notice the seams between the tiles. Our new method started to produce better terrain, but even with a fog of war you didn’t get the sense that you were truly exploring a place. It felt more like you were just revealing pieces of a map that was already drawn. At this point one of us said, “What if we just put the player into the same first-person perspective as the Lewis levels?” We tried it and immediately players felt like they were exploring. It solved a couple other problems too: players no longer had to learn a whole new interface, and we didn’t have to build one. The two “modes” continued to blend with each other throughout the game’s development, and at this point the interaction is identical. However, both styles of levels continue to have very different focuses and feel quite distinct; Lewis levels feature dialogue whereas the travel levels focus on exploration and resource management. As we continue to work on the terrain, we are often working on it from a bird’s-eye perspective. We’re constantly surprised how different it actually looks when we play the game and go into first-person perspective. After shifting to a first person perspective, we knew that rather than feeling like an abstract map, the procedural terrain needed to match the rest of the game’s terrain. We ended up finding a great piece of Unity middleware called Terrain Composer by Nathaniel Doldersum. Using it has been a valuable lesson for us. It got us up and running very quickly with procedural terrain. On the other hand, because we have such specific needs and terrain is such an integral part of Meriwether, we had to customize and rewrite significant parts of the terrain-generation code. Doing so ended up taking us as much or more time than if we had written it from scratch. Ultimately, we think it was probably worthwhile doing it this way since it gave us a strong head start, allowing us to work out design issues. Thanks to Nathaniel for all his help in learning and extending his tool! The Corps of Discovery spent most of their journey following rivers. As such, Meriwether’s terrain tends to largely follow rivers. Our initial approach was to create rivers how they would naturally form: generating hills and mountains, and then letting the river snake around them. We spent way too long with this approach, trying to make the rivers appear in a way that facilitated strong gameplay. After struggling with this direction, we had an epiphany--which seems so simple in retrospect. Now our approach is to simply generate a river path that is most conducive to our intended experience. The river then erodes a flood plain around itself to make it seem as if we actually did weave around mountains. It may not accurately simulate how landforms are created in nature, but from a player’s perspective, the process creates beautiful, natural-feeling vistas. A large part of making the river feel natural comes from adding believable variation to the shoreline. We accomplish this by carving the river out of the terrain with a series of “erosion brushes” that we transition between smoothly. The underlying principal driving this entire process is something known as coherent noise. Getting randomness for game use is a relatively easy task. UnityEngine.Random does all of the work for us in that regard. Truly random noise, however, is not particularly useful in creating an interesting, natural environment. Pure noise would give us a height map for our terrain like the image below, which would look end up looking like a graphics card on its last legs rendering random spiky polygons everywhere. Coherent noise saves the day by giving us some control over what the randomization is doing. We turn those random pixels of white and black into features of sizes we control, and map those features to ideas such as building up mountains or carving out lakes, or even spawning groves of trees. We heavily utilize Perlin Noise, a relatively standard approach, for the majority of our needs. We use coherent noise in different combinations to produce the following elements: A heightmap representing the elevation of the ground (Imagine that the white areas are hills and the black areas are valleys.) A texturemap representing the base coloration of the ground (Imagine the white areas are grass and the black areas are dirt.) A details map representing simple repetitive objects placed on the ground (Imagine the white areas have tutfs of grass and the black areas have pebbles. This is tightly coupled with the texturemap so that the contents are related.) A tree map representing the bushes and forests that appear in the level (Imagine that the white areas are copses of trees and the black areas are empty.) We then use pure randomness to add a few other things: Birds and animals throughout the level Assorted rocks, stumps, etc. Footpaths with groups of NPCs along them Finally, we have an algorithm that looks through the generated terrain and detects terrain features like mountains, lakes, and islands, allowing the player to observe, unlock, and fast-travel to those locations. The terrain generation process is quite complex overall and can take some time to run. We are always looking for ways to speed it up to get players into the action sooner. Sometimes this means making an algorithm more efficient, sometimes it means pushing tasks that can be done concurrently onto separate threads, but sometimes it means looking for clever ways to remove work entirely. We also needed to scan the entire terrain to create our pathfinding data, which used to be the final step before starting the game. Now we create the pathfinding data first and identify features using this data set. We know, for example, this area of the map is not pathable because it is below water level--if it is a large enough section we know all of the connected unpathable nodes are part of a single lake. The result is not only faster, but more accurate as well. Production is picking up--we’re all able to put more time in this summer and we’re now focusing on minor fixes instead of sweeping changes. We’re doing lots of internal playtesting and working hard to get to Beta to you as soon as possible. Let us know if you want more updates that go into this level of detail! Josh, Kyle, and the Meriwether team Meriwether Original Soundtrack We are thrilled to announce our release of the Meriwether soundtrack! The 25-track album is simultaneously beautiful, exciting, and mysterious. We’ve been listening to it on repeat while working on the game, as it sets the atmosphere perfectly. The entire record is composed, arranged, and produced by our very own Jim Welch, with the exception of two period pieces that Jim arranged: Gavotte by Arcangelo Corelli, and Minuet by Alexander Reinagle. We will soon be sending a link out to those of you who backed at the Soundtrack level or higher! If you pledged at a lower level but want to add the soundtrack now, you can raise your pledge to $35 by sending us the difference via paypal at <url>’ve implemented a dynamic music system to play them at opportune moments within the game. Each piece is tied thematically to a “muse,” which is either a person, place, or action. When it seems like the player might be getting ready to interact with a muse, a “submix” of the song begins. This is a sparse, quieter mix of the soundtrack version of the song that hints at the qualities in the background without fully committing. If a player continues to engage with the muse, then the audio fades in to the main mix that you hear on the soundtrack. Our procedural audio engine also allows for extended stretches of silence in between the music tracks. This respite helps you to engage with the environmental audio. For instance if you notice a bird chirping, you might try to locate it and observe it through your spyglass. Hero Trap Hangout tomorrow 8pm eastern Our friends at SMASHWORX are hosting a Google Hangout, much like our own Meri-thon, to promote their new roguelike dungeon-runner The Hero Trap . They're so close to their goal--maybe we can help push them over the edge! A few of us are joining them on Google Hangout to discuss Meriwether, Kickstarter, and anything else that comes up. Please join us tomorrow, Monday 4/14, 8pm eastern at <url>’s Birthday Crunch Session Today happens to be Thomas Jefferson’s birthday, so make sure to treat yourself to a mammoth piece of cake! After our team celebrates, we’re starting a major crunch session, and hoping to hit our “internal Beta” milestone by the end of next week. We’ll use it to start testing internally and put together a punch list for the private Beta we plan to send to y’all. We’re getting down to nitty gritty details, which is a good sign that we’re getting near the end. The details aren’t very interesting to show, unfortunately. For example, we just spent the last few days teaching our algorithm to detect lakes and ponds in the terrain. For our next update we plan to show more of our procedurally generated terrain and discuss our approach and algorithms. Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Way back in the day, when I first started playing RPGs, I was mostly playing hack-n-slash games like Wizardry , Bard’s Tale , and NetHack . These games were great, but I found something totally new the moment I played Ultima VI . This game was no longer primarily about min-maxing your way through combat (though it had that). Instead it offered the opportunity to explore and build an entire world and meet characters that inhabited it. It came with a cloth map to help immerse you in that world. It even included a shiny polished “moonstone” to help transport the player into the game world--the same device used in the game’s intro to literally transport the Avatar from the present day into Britannia. This is the style of storytelling we want to emphasize in Meriwether . This game is about the characters you play and meet and the world (and time) in which they live. I’m sure Meriwether is influenced in many subtle ways by the Ultima series, but one very obvious and deliberate way is through our character creation system. Starting with Ultima IV , the game always began with an encounter with a gypsy who asked you a series of questions which ultimately determine the details of the character you will play. The gypsy would ask you questions like “A local bully pushes for a fight. Dost thou A) Valiantly trounce the rogue, or B) Decline, knowing in thy Spirit that no lasting good will come of it?” Your choice would reflect one of the 8 virtues that were so important in the game, and impact your character in several different ways. The first level of Meriwether takes place at Caspar Wistar’s home on the corner of 4th and Locust in Philadelphia (It’s still standing there today--you can see it on Google street view .) Jefferson sent Lewis there to train with some of the greatest minds of the time. Many men contributed to his education, but we chose to focus on three doctors: Dr. Caspar Wistar, Dr. Benjamin Barton, and Dr. Benjamin Rush. We felt that these three characters complemented each other well and also reflected the game mechanics we want to introduce at this point. The level opens with some exposition to help situate who you are and what you are doing. The doctors then begin to candidly, but informally, quiz you on what they have imparted on you during your stay. Although these conversations use the same interface we do for the rest of the dialogue in the game, they also largely mirror what happens with Ultima’s gypsy. Here are a couple of the gruesome medical questions that Dr. Rush asks you: Instead of being associated with virtues, Meriwether ’s choices are based on Lewis’ facets: Leader, Soldier, Diplomat, and Scientist. (There is a 5th facet, Melancholy, but it doesn’t get introduced until the end of this first level.) None of the choices are right or wrong, but rather reflect a way that Lewis might have responded and how the player is choosing to play Lewis. Each of these choices gives you a skill point in the associated facet that can then be used to purchase related skills. For instance, you can spend soldier points to become a better marksman, or to gain stamina. Because this level focuses on Lewis’s training, and because it’s the beginning of the game, it was clearly the perfect place to introduce some of the other mechanics. Benjamin Barton, the spirited botanist, guides you through the plant-discovery mechanic in Wistar’s garden. Then Dr. Rush teaches you how to play the medicine minigame by treating your generous host’s gout! We’ve put a lot of effort into trying to depict these three characters accurately, both in their appearance and through their dialogue. Now we’re building out the physical space of the level: a single room of Wistar’s house, plus his garden. Indiecade East was tons of fun! Carlos and I had the opportunity to demo Meriwether at their Show and Tell area. Here’s some of the press that came out of it: International Digital Times Pop Matters Spike (You can also watch the talk I gave at Indiecade with Nik Mikros about a different game I’m developing called Killer Queen on YouTube .) Next weekend I’m headed to San Francisco for the Game Developers Conference, and while I’m not officially demoing Meriwether there, I plan to have my laptop with me and will be showing it informally whenever I have an opportunity. We’re playtesting the game more often now, and continually revising little details. We’ve moved on from working on each level individually, to really focusing on the story arcs that span multiple levels and the general experience of how the game evolves over the entire experience. I know we’re finally getting close since we’re working on details instead of fundamentals! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey Backers, This weekend we'll be at Indiecade East in Astoria, NY. Friday February 14, at 4:30, Josh is giving a talk about another game he co-designed called Killer Queen Arcade. Then we'll be showing Meriwether at the Show &amp; Tell session on Sunday February 16 from 4 to 6. Come check out the game and give us your feedback! We'll be demoing one of the game's early levels, set at the Falls of the Ohio, in which you meet Clark, and several of the other men, for the first time. We're working on a more substantial update for after Indiecade. Stay tuned! Josh &amp; the Meriwether Team One year! Today marks exactly one year after the end of our Kickstarter campaign. Since then, it’s been a lot of work, and a hell of a lot of fun. We met up with many of you at PAX East in Boston, the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation meeting in Bismarck, ND, and at various playtesting events around New York City. We are incredibly happy with how the game is turning out. We’re frustrated (though not very surprised) that development is taking us longer than expected. Best of all, we’re excited to be getting close to releasing the game into your hands! Facet Mechanic Details We mentioned the facet mechanic from the very start of our Kickstarter campaign, but up until now we have been somewhat vague about certain details. This was because we needed to experiment with it in the context of the whole game to truly understand how certain things work. We’ve now done that and have made some final decisions. So, here they are! Pay close attention, dear backers, because this is particularly relevant to the advice we need from you below. In Meriwether , Lewis has five facets of his character: Leader, Soldier, Diplomat, Scientist, and Melancholy. Every dialogue choice is associated with one of these facets. When you choose one of these facets, two things happen: 1. you gain a skill point in that facet, which you can use to purchase related skills. 2. that facet gets “gunked up” with Melancholy, visually represented by a black liquid rising up ⅓ of the way. In this example image, notice how the 2nd facet, Soldier, is partially filled with this “black bile”. The third time you choose a facet, it will be completely covered. When they’re fully covered, options that use that facet are disabled and you are unable to choose them in a conversation. However, when you choose the Melancholy facet, you don’t get any skill points, but it purges all the melancholy from all the facets, and you are able to use facets that previously became locked. We were initially reluctant to limit player choice like this, and experimented with several alternate schemes that allowed the choice to remain valid while providing other rewards or penalties for choosing Melancholy. Some of these worked mechanically, but none of them expressed the sense of helplessness we were trying to convey through this mechanic. The current version becomes an interesting balance of trying to press your luck to gain the most skill points (and the type of skill points you want) while also looking for the right opportunity to choose Melancholy in a situation where you think it may be helpful (or at least not too harmful). Level Structure and Jefferson Flashbacks Originally, our intent was for the game to start with a level at the President’s House in Washington D.C., featuring Thomas Jefferson. However, we’ve recently had a very interesting revelation. This fall, we were able to finally see the game as a whole (see our post on the table read, here: <url>’s a few reasons why: There is less exposition front-loaded, allowing the player to get into the action quicker; Jefferson has a voice through the entire game; Your conversations with Jefferson happen contextually (generally before or after a related event in the game). To illustrate this, here’s the level structure: We need advice! We’re very happy with this shift in structure and think that it ties everything together very well. However, this new structure has introduced a slight problem. We have some solutions, but we feel that there may be a better solution out there that we just haven’t thought of. Here’s the problem: The two elements we mentioned above (the facet mechanic, and the Jefferson flashbacks) are working great individually. However, they’re not playing as well together as perhaps they might. When you have a conversation with Jefferson, you get to make one or more choices during conversation, using the facet system. What we are wondering is this: during a Jefferson flashback, should the facets continue to work as they do throughout the rest of the game? That is, should you gain a point in the facet you choose, and should that facet get gunked up with more Melancholy? Should those values then carry through to the next level once the flashback ends? On the one hand, it creates a bit of a time paradox if, when you make a choice in the past, all of a sudden you have more skill points in the present (but not the intervening period.) It’s even stranger if all your melancholy is purged in the present based on a flashback conversation that actually occurred years ago. However, good game design demands consistency and simplicity whenever possible. This is certainly not an insurmountable problem, and we do have some potential solutions kicking around. However, we want to know how you think this would work best. Please let us know in the comments! New Art We have several new characters finished. Check ‘em out: New Music: The Hunt Most of the music we've shared so far has been thematic based on characters or places. This piece is a little different, it’s intended for moments of tension or potential danger. It’s titled “The Hunt”. Beta We know you guys are on the edge of your seat to play a preliminary version of the game, and I know we keep pushing back the date, but we do need a little more time for the Beta to be player-ready. Rather than continuing to burst your bubble with every update, since it’s very difficult to anticipate, for now it’s safe to say that it will be fairly soon. Just know that we are working very hard to make the game the best it can be as quickly as we can. Website We’re also starting work on the game’s website. In fact, we are looking for a talented website designer to help us with the graphic design for the website, as well as revising the main Sortasoft website (which still has its original design from way back in 2004!) If you know anyone, please have them email their portfolio to <email>. Post-launch steps While our effort right now is solely focused on finishing the core game, we are beginning to think about additional work that we intend to do after launch. We are investigating the potential for releasing Meriwether on other platforms, including consoles. We’re also discussing the creation of a guidebook to help assist those who want to use the game in learning environments. Next Steps For now, we’re excited to get back to work. This week we’re updating our codebase to work with the latest version of Unity (hopefully this will go smoothly!), which we primarily expect to help improve the game’s performance, particularly the speed at which it renders terrain. We’re also at the point where we are spending a lot of time playtesting it ourselves, with friends, and with other designers. We are creating the artwork for Jefferson and the interior of his office in the President’s House, as well as all Corps’ large equipment like tents, boats, awnings, lanterns, a tipi, and the ubiquitous staple of all expeditions and videogames alike: crates. Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey Backers! Normally in our Meri-making updates we cover a little bit about all the various facets of Meriwether’s development. However, this month we wanted to do something a little different and dive deep into the music. Jim Welch joined up with us about a year ago. This is our first project working with him and he instantly fit in with the team, got up to speed with the project and immediately had a feel for the style of music we were looking for. He even bought and learned several new instruments to use in this project like a Native American flute, a fife, and a banjo. We’re continually impressed by the quality of his music and want to feature the work he’s done so far. This is the perfect time to do so since he just had the primary recording sessions. Jim started composing the music for Meriwether right after our Kickstarter campaign ended in January. As he was composing, he made mockups (rough drafts) of the songs so the rest of us could listen, give feedback, and drop them into the game to see how they fit with the rest of atmosphere (spoiler alert: they set the tone of the game perfectly!) Some of the parts Jim recorded himself on actual physical instruments to help capture the intention of the piece/part better, but the majority of the mockups were comprised of MIDI performances using synthesized and sampled instruments as placeholders until they were replayed by live performances at a later date. Jim works from his home studio In Dallas, Texas most of the time, but in order to record the large ensemble needed for Meriwether he headed to Austin to record in a more spacious studio. Dave Shumway engineered the sessions and helped a ton with prep work. Dave was a really integral part to bringing the score into the live player realm and deserves a big thanks from all of us! You can check out what Dave is up to at www.mediaeaters.com . In anticipation of the recording session, Jim spent nearly all of September feverishly preparing arrangements and sheet music. Observe the reams of charts he painstakingly prepared. Fortunately, the software he composed his mockups in (Logic Pro) allowed him to create a rough initial version of the sheet music based on the MIDI data of the sampled instruments he recorded. But it all still needed a lot of work before it could be placed in front of players. Loose tempos in the midi recordings, meter changes, articulations and many other things were not contained in the MIDI data and had to be added by hand. Additionally, many things had to be removed entirely that were only around to help the “fake” instruments sound better. Composing for a sampled orchestra is very different than composing for a real one. It was a significant task to say the least! Throughout the game’s process, we’ve had a number of interns and students helping us and learning about game development at the same time, and this recording session was no exception. In addition to being a talented engineer, mixer, and composer, Dave also teaches. For the Meriwether recording sessions Dave invited his higher-level students to observe and help out during the recording sessions. They were a ton of help and I’m sure learned a ton about how complex something like this can be! Jim spent brutally long days in the studio, recording the music for Meriwether’s soundtrack. The first day was spent recording all the strings: two violins, a viola, and two cellos. Winds and brass were recorded on the second day, including piccolo, fife, flute, oboe, english horn, clarinet, bassoon, french horn, trombone, trumpet, snare drum, and Native American flute. Here's two versions of the piece “August 20, 1804.” The first is Jim’s initial mockup using the sampled instruments, and the second is with actual instruments. Some of the differences are subtle, and some are more obvious. Overall, we think they both sound great but the real instruments sound more expressive and nuanced. meriwethergame.com/audio/novUpdate/August_20_1804_real_instruments.wav <url>’re almost there! The final step after all recording and mix is complete is arranging the tracks in a manner that suits implementation into the game. An important stage in marrying music to an interactive experience and something we are all excited for. SCHEDULE Currently, our plan is to start sharing a Beta build with Engage-level backers before the end of this year, and release a finished version of the game by the end of February. We’re a bit behind our original schedule, so we want to be realistic about how much work is left, yet we don’t want to compromise quality. We will continue to keep you updated on our schedule. That said, all aspects of the game have really come together recently and we’re happier than ever about how the game is playing. More about that next month! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Hey Backers! We'll be playtesting Meriwether tomorrow night, Monday October 28 at the NYC Gaming Meetup playtest night. The event is from 6 to 8:30 PM at Microsoft (1290 Avenue of the Americas, 6th floor.) More information and tickets are available at <url>’s Meri-making, we’ll be focusing largely on art, as well as some logistics of finishing Meriwether and getting it into your hands. Music The tracks you’ve heard so far have mostly featured synthesized instruments, which Jim uses to help compose and experiment with the compositions. This last week, Jim brought a dozen musicians into the studio to make the final recordings. Things went really well, and our next update will be a feature on the session, but you can’t hear anything until they’ve been mixed! We have, however, included the mockup for Drouillard’s theme at the bottom of this update, to put you in the right mood while you finish reading. Art We have a bunch of new art ready--take a look. We're still planning to polish some of it so feel free to give us your comments and critique! Clark Seaman Drouillard Charbonneau Celiast Clatsop/Chinook villager Clatsop/Chinook accessories Great Plains environmental art Sheheke concept art Code Kyle has been all over the place--fixing bugs, implementing content, and finalizing features. One major feature that had been left out until this point was usable canoes. Kyle got them working earlier this month, and they add a lot to the game. Water travel is a critical aspect of the Lewis and Clark story, and being able to pilot a canoe up the Missouri and into a tributary feels great! Getting the controls to feel right was very difficult--we had to find a delicate balance of making the movement feel authentic for an canoe, but still natural for WASD controls. Schedule As with almost every game, things are taking longer than we expected, but the end is in sight. Our new plan is be in Beta by the end of November, and then release Meriwether early next year. We’ll keep you posted as things get closer and we have a clearer understanding of our schedule. Money! We just received a $1200 grant from the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation’s Burroughs Fund! Many thanks to them for this funding as well as the support and connections they have provided us throughout this process. The money is specifically to be used to pay for honoraria for tribal advisors. We have some of the advisors lined up, but could use more advisors for any of the tribes encountered by the Corps. If you know anyone who may be a good fit for this, please put them in touch with us. Next Steps We still have a lot of work to do, including some of the content for the return trip, and the game’s tutorial (starring Thomas Jefferson.), but it feels manageable. Once the final music is mixed, we will implement a dynamic music manager in the game that plays specific tracks (and different mixes of tracks) depending on the context, and in a way that helps keep the music fresh and non-repetitive. Jim is also starting on sound effects soon. On the art front, we are finishing up the major characters and starting on more minor characters, as well as Teton Sioux tipis, Mandan earth lodges, and other items for their villages. We’re really excited about how the game is taking shape. In our playtesting, comments and critique are now focusing on subtle nuances, rather than glaring errors. The game is really enjoyable to play, and constantly surprising us as we play through it. We’ll have more on that next month, as well as video and details about Jim’s recording session. We can’t wait to get you the Beta! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Meri Mega-crunch &amp; "Table-Read" Last week we all hunkered down in Josh’s apartment to eat venison, drink gallons of coffee, slather stuff is Sriracha, and--oh yeah--work on Meriwether. We reached a major milestone during the crunch: we have written ourselves all the way to the Pacific Ocean! The major story elements are now written, scripted (meaning that flags and events are activating properly) and implemented in-game. We’re super-stoked about how much content we have been able to include in the game: as of this writing, the word-count for the game dialogue stands at just under 80,000, a word-count similar to a decently-sized novel. You will have control over how much of the dialogue you engage in (to a point), but even if you don’t read every line, you can rest assured that we have worked hard to create a game-world that feels alive by imbuing Meriwether with a substantive narrative. And we’re not done yet! It’s likely that the final word count for dialogue will reach 100,000 words before all is said and done, and that’s not including supporting text, such as the Wunderkammer! Now that we have reached this milestone, we are doing a “table-read” of the game level by level as the first step in revising the text. We’re using “table-read” to mean that we’re just playing through the dialogue of Meriwether without worrying about any other aspects of gameplay, so that we can get a very clear sense of how well the dialogue is working solely on its own merits. The table-read will continue for the next few weeks and help us improve the quality of the writing, check the continuity of story arcs and missions, and copyedit. Things are going to start coming together very quickly for Meriwether’s overarching narrative from now on. Google Hangout &amp; Music Jim is in Texas and so obviously was unable to join our Brooklyn session in person. But he was right there with us on Google Hangout. It was a great way to work together. Just hearing fragments of the tunes he was writing put us in the right mood and helped us all focus. Before you go any further, scroll down to the bottom of this page, hit play and listen to this draft of "West of the Rockies." New Dialogue Camera System Kyle’s focus during our crunch was revising the camera system. Our first step was to identify a number of shots used in cinematography, particularly those used for dialogue. We collected references for various types of shots, such as “full shot,” “mid-shot,” “close-up,” “extreme close-up,” “American two-shot,” “over-the-shoulder,” and others. Based on these references, Kyle extracted a set of rules that could procedurally recreate these shots, given an arbitrary set of relevant characters in a scene. This is going to get technical, but that’s game development. :) The basic technique is to identify a pleasing spot to look at, a pleasing angle to view it from, and a pleasing distance to zoom the camera. With some shots this is easy, as the rules are very specific (for example, the extreme close-up or over-the-shoulder two-shot.) For shots of three or more characters, the guidelines become less specific and require a more advanced algorithm. The algotirthm determines the viewed point based on an averaged position of the characters (so the camera tends to view the middle of the group). Next, it finds an ideal viewing angle to ensure that we don’t have several characters lumped on top of one another in the view if possible. Finally, the algorithm determines how far it must zoom out from the viewed point along that angle to ensure that all of the required points are in view. For example, with a wide shot of three characters the camera must view out far enough to ensure that all characters feet are within view. However, another shot may only require the camera to zoom far enough that the waist of each character is in view. One other thing we learned from looking into common cinematic camera shots is that they tend to "cheat" the angle a little bit by slightly rotating the actors towards the camera. It gives you a better angle of the face while being subtle enough that you don't notice it when switching to an angle on the opposite side. We decided to imitate this technique, although we left out another common aspect of the technique, which is to place the actors closer to each other than feels natural, since we need room in between characters to display dialogue. The Great Plains George S. has been busy sprucing up the Great Plains. Those gorgeous prairies are probably the most iconic terrain of the journey. This has been a technical challenge, since games often rely on obstacles like trees to obscure your view to reduce the number of objects that need to be simultaneously drawn on screen. It has also presented some interesting game design challenges, such as how to make a mostly-empty space interesting. Next month we plan to focus more on art, but here’s a work-in-progress to whet your whistle. Other Projects We’re lucky to have such a talented team working on Meriwether. We thought we’d share a little bit about some of the teams’ other projects. George S., our environment artist, was also one of the environmental artists on Saints Row IV, which was just released! If you’re in the mood for some loony, surreal fun, the Saints Row franchise should scratch that itch! Jiyoun has been very busy on a broad variety of projects, including the artwork for the iPhone game 'Baboon', in which you protect wild animals from poachers in sanctuary. She has also just illustrated a set of stickers and smileys for the new multi-platform texting app HelloPop. She recently had a solo exhibition of her fine art called Roommates at Coohaus Art in Chelsea. She is also preparing a 2-person art show 'Urban Jungle' at BBCN bank, in Woodside, NY, Opening Sept. 12th. Josh has been refining Killer Queen, a 10-player real-time strategy platformer arcade game that he co-designed with Nikita Mikros. It's a team game inspired by arcade classics like Joust and Mario Bros. In fact, they are hosting a tournament for the game tonight, August 23rd at 7pm, in Brooklyn, NY. And if you're not in NYC, you can watch it live on Twitch.TV at 7:30PM EST! Details here: <url>"The International Studbook of the Giant Panda" is an sf story about using robots and virtual reality to help pandas in captivity reproduce (!); it was published in the venerable British magazine Interzone (March-April edition, <url>"More Than Pigs and Rosaries Can Give" was published in the anthology Exotic Gothic 5, Vol. II and features a Cuban spiritualist who pulls ghosts out of the bullet holes left behind after a firing squad. Check it out here! <url>’s a spiritual successor to the SNES Shadowrun game that came out decades ago, headed by one of the original creators of Shadowrun, Jordan Weisman. The game has received solid reviews from gamers and critics alike (as of this writing it has a Metacritic score of 76), and I personally would rate it much higher. The quality of the writing is excellent--it struck the perfect balance between campy fun and sudden, surprising insight. Without spoiling anything, I believe the dramatic irony in the game’s denouement is one of the most poignant moments I have experienced in a video game in a long time. The game has received some criticisms, however. The biggest complaint by far centers around its save-game system. Basically, the game only saves your progress between levels. If you die in a scene, you start over at the beginning of the scene. There is definitely an “oldskool” feel to that kind of checkpoint system that, for those nostalgic for a ‘90s CRPG experience, might be seen as a plus. But a great many players saw it as a huge problem. Since a single scene takes anywhere from 10-30 minutes to complete, a player could lose a great deal of progress when a battle goes bad--and since Shadowrun Returns is partially luck-based, sometimes things do go bad. Furthermore, without a “save progress on quit” function, some people lost their progress for extrinsic reasons--child needs attention, cake burning in the oven, etc. I felt the pain of the save system a couple of times. I admit that even though I am a fan of the game’s story, I did not like rereading a heap of dialogue I had just read, just so I could get back to the battle I had just lost. Urge to ragequit, rising! Still, it only happened a few times to me, and it was in no way a dealbreaker. Most of the time saving between levels was more than adequate for what I needed. The good folks at Shadowrun Returns, listening to player feedback, have recently stated that they are looking into ways of creating a better save system. But it’s not as simple a problem as it might seem. Saving at any arbitrary point in a game can be complicated and costly, since it requires remembering the state of every single thing in the game, and then being able to load it back up. Also, there is a game design concern. There is a phenomenon known as “scum saving,” whereby players are saving their games constantly and reloading whenever the least little thing in the game doesn’t go their way. This, in a very real sense, can destroy a game’s design, making the game much too easy (especially as time goes on) and therefore much less challenging and fun. Needless to say, after playing Shawdowrun Returns and following the brouhaha around saving, we here at Meriwether have been thinking carefully about how we should implement saving games. We want players not to be frustrated, but we want to have a system that makes sense in terms of the game’s resources and that does not promote an unfun, “scum saving” gameplay style. After a good deal of discussion, we think we have it. Recently, and independently of the save discussion, we implemented a day/night system and a concomitant camping system. A day in game lasts a fairly short time--somewhere around five minutes. While that may change slightly, we don’t expect it will change dramatically. So we think that saving the game at the end of each day as you camp is a terrific solution. It will definitely preserve players’ progress very often, but individual conversations, interactions, and other choices you make throughout a given day will still have consequences. We also love it thematically, as saving the game day-to-day will allow you to page back through your saves and note the progress you made each day: which will feel very much like you’re paging through Lewis’ journal. Of course, we need to test the system thoroughly to know how well it really works, so this is not the final word on saving games! But we want you to know that it’s not just the history we are trying to get right in Meriwether. We are thinking carefully about every part of the game experience to try and make the game feel great, even when we’re talking something as low-level as saving progress. Proceeding On It’s all coming together: the writing, the art, the music, the programming, the design. Things are only going to get more exciting from now on. We will continue to work and continue to update you on our progress. Until next month! Hey Backers! Last week Barb and I (Josh) attended the annual conference of the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation in Bismarck, North Dakota, hosted by one of our backers, David Borlaug. It’s basically like a Star Trek convention, but for Lewis and Clark—and it was a ton of fun! There were a number of lectures by scholars like James Ronda, John Fisher, and our own Barb Kubik. We also took field trips to local Lewis and Clark hot spots, including the Knife River Villages, where Sacagawea and Charbonneau lived. The earth lodges have long since collapsed, but there are noticeable patterns in the ground where the homes used to be. We also got to go inside a beautiful modern reproduction of one of the Mandan lodges. It was very comfortable and cool; I wouldn’t mind spending a summer living there—if only they had wifi. We also visited a modern reproduction of Fort Mandan. We’ve built our own 3D model of the fort, so it was exciting to be able to actually walk around inside of it. Walking through the fort confirmed my feeling that we’ve done a remarkable job designing our 3D model. Certainly there are some differences between the actual recreation and our model of Fort Mandan. For instance, notice that the doors on our model below swing inward (nobody knows for sure which way the door swung, but opening inward would make it more defensible.) The original fort was only built to last a single winter, but the modern reproduction needs to stand the test of time. They also have to take maintenance and safety into consideration, and obviously we don’t need to worry about with our model. One takeaway from this visit was that I saw a number of things we could do to flesh out the interior of the fort, in an inexpensive way, to make it look lived in, such as stacks of firewood near the fireplaces, and clothing and equipment (which we already have for other purposes) hanging from the walls. (Barb explaining and demoing a lead powder canister) Being at the fort also reminded me that we need to include these scary-looking but impractical warclubs that the Corps built and sold to the Mandan, and later encountered other tribes up the river who had received the same warclubs through trade. One of my favorite talks was the conclusion of the conference--a conversation between David Nicandri (author of River of Promise) and President Jefferson (adeptly portrayed by Clay Jenkinson). Of course Jefferson commented on the expedition itself. But he also discussed Lewis’s death, the Enlightenment and how it was advanced through exploration, and the obvious superiority of Bordeaux over Madeira. We’ve also been making great headway on the game itself. Next week we are having a mega-crunch session where we plan to work as hard as the Corps while they were crossing the snowy Bitterroots. At the end of that crunch, we’ll send another update with our progress on the game, including our beautiful new 3D models of Clark and different Native American characters. Although we still have plenty of work ahead of us, we’re still more or less on-schedule; we’re planning to release the game by the end of this year. Our initial draft of all the dialogue is almost complete, and Beta is fast-approaching! Josh &amp; the Meriwether team Happy 4th of July, Backers! Here's a snippet of what Lewis wrote in his journal on 4 July 1805: "our work being at an end this evening, we gave the men a drink of sperits, it being the last of our stock, and some of them appeared a little sensible of it's effects the fiddle was plyed and they danced very merrily untill 9 in the evening when a heavy shower of rain put an end to that part of the amusement tho' they continued their mirth with songs and festive jokes and were extreemly merry untill late at night. we had a very comfortable dinner, of bacon, beans, suit dumplings &amp; buffaloe beaf &amp;c. in short we had no just cause to covet the sumptuous feasts of our countrymen on this day." Wherever you are, here's hoping that your 4th of July is just as full of mirth and songs and festive jokes. Art Let's start off with a little art. We are moving into high-gear with art production. The highly-detailed and historically accurate concept art Jiyoun has been creating for us is now starting to blossom into 3D models thanks to our 3d artists. Below, watch as Clatsop chief Coboway, whose concept art we included in an earlier update, moves from 3D wireframe to textured asset. And here is Coboway's daughter, Celiast, as concept art. Cutie-patootie! Music On the sound front, Jim Welch continues to dazzle us with his musical acumen. Lately, he's been working hard on creating a leitmotif for Sacagawea: a piece of music that is directly influenced and inspired by authentic Shoshone music. But as you will see from his paragraph below, it's no easy task, even for a veteran composer such as Jim: "It's been a very interesting challenge trying to recreate the music of Native Americans. I have previously worked on projects that require tribal music with flavors of Native American sounds and quite a few tracks inspired by African styles. However, due to the attention to historical accuracy in this project, there is a need to create a truly authentic Native American sound, something most composers don't have experience with. "Due to this challenge, it might be smart to simply find field recordings of this music. However, it wouldn't do us much good, since the production values would vary so drastically from our original material, it would break player immersion. "Interestingly, Native American music is at first glance fairly simplistic. It was the first style my college World Music course covered. It's generally monophonic and the instrumentation is mostly just voice, rattles and skin drums. Even the beats played by the percussion instruments are most often just a meditative, equally accented repetition. However, once you begin trying to sing along to these tribal chants, you find it very difficult. It's not the language that makes it hard, since many of the Native American pieces use nonsense words called vocables. What is challenging is the vocal patterns are extremely nuanced, particularly so in the accent pattern. It's nearly impossible to find a consistent meter. "While trying to recreate this music, my training and experience keeps forcing my tempo to stay steady and my meter and phrasing to be consistent and 'musical,' which gets in the way. I have contemplated manually notating a constant change in meter and then learning and performing that. However, it feels so inappropriate to compose this type of music with pen and paper, when historically and still today it is passed down orally. "So it's a bit of a battle. I'm studying a lot of Native American music and doing my best to create something that is authentic, while still sounding modern in production quality and enjoyable to the modern ear." We cannot wait to see what Jim comes up with! The one thing we do know, based on the great tracks he has already created, is that it will be not only game-appropriate, but emotionally engaging. Design We have spent much of the last month working on the level featuring the Corps' meeting with the Shoshone. This is the moment when the Corps of Discovery discovers that there is indeed no all-water route across the United States: the darn Rocky Mountains stand in the way! But they still need to make it to the Pacific Ocean. So acquiring horses from the Shoshone is of paramount importance: without horses, they may not be able to continue their journey at all. In terms of gameplay, then, your primary mission on this level will be to trade enough of the very limited supplies you have to get a sufficient number of horses to continue the journey across North America. One of the most important parts of the story here, however, has less to do with horses and more to do with Sacagawea. Sacagawea was kidnapped from the Shoshone by a Hidasta raiding party when she was maybe 10 or 11. She lived as a captive of the Hidasta until she was married to Charbonneau. She is pregnant when she meets Lewis and Clark for the first time, and it is Lewis who delivers the baby. In short, Sacagawea lost a huge portion of her childhood at a very tender age. But now, through an unbelievable set of circumstances, she is reunited with her people. An age-old question historians have wondered about Sacagawea is this: "Did it never cross her mind to simply stay with the Shoshone?" Lewis and Clark might not have had many objections to this--after all, Sacagawea's and Charbonneau's roles as interpreters would be much more limited on the other side of the Rockies, since neither had ever been there. Bringing a civilian family along with them also might have been unnecessarily difficult in their estimation--three more mouths to feed during the upcoming winter. So one of the main stories you as players will explore is Sacagawea's--should she stay, or should she continue on with the Corps? And it will be possible for you to stray from the actual events at this point: one example of how this game presents real choice to players and allows for a more speculative engagement with history. Proceeding On Kyle is programming, Carlos is writing, Barb is history-ing, Jim is musicing, artists are arting, and Josh is doing everything. In short, we are continuing to make terrific advances on all game-creation fronts. As always, please let us know your comments either by responding below or writing to us directly. Until next month, be well, and have a safe and wonderful 4th! Howdy, backers, and welcome to the latest installment of... This month's update includes new music and visual art, a discussion of how trading will work in the game, and an interview with Meriwether's ace lead programmer, Kyle Staves. So grab yourself a dram of whiskey and a nice big hunk of pemmican, and settle in for what we hope is an enjoyable read! New Music--The "Columbia" Theme We on the Meriwether team are feeling more and more fortunate every day that Jim Welch is the game's composer. He has thrown himself both into the history of the voyage and the history of the music of that period. Coupled with his wide musical training and his encyclopedic knowledge of video games, it's hard for us to imagine anymore more perfect to create this game's score. So please, before you read any farther, scroll down to the bottom of this page and enjoy this early version of Jim's "Columbia River" theme as you read the rest of this update. You won't be sorry! You Suggest, We Implement! Backers, we want you to know that we are carefully listening to all of the feedback you give us: we have a great deal of respect for how knowledgeable and insightful you are. So we wanted to give you a concrete example of how eager we are to implement good ideas that come from you. Last month, backer John Gallino made the suggestion that the spyglass should feature a "dirty glass" effect. We loved the idea and came up with some art with which to test it. We're sold on it. What do you think? Have Game, Will Travel: An Interview with Kyle Staves Kyle's been working hard building the back-end systems that will bring Meriwether to life, and lately most of his time has been devoted to making the "Travel" levels of the game functional and fun. Designer/writer Carlos Hernandez talks to him about the progress he has made on implementing those Travel levels. Carlos Hernandez: Kyle, why don't you begin by giving our supporters a general reminder of how Travel levels are going to work in the game? Kyle Staves: As a quick recap, Meriwether is broken up into two different types of levels. "Lewis" levels are our more narrative driven experiences, always played from the perspective of Meriwether Lewis. "Travel" levels allow you to control the entire Corps of Discovery as they travel across North America. Unlike the hand-crafted experience in Lewis levels, Travel levels are procedurally generated, ensuring a different experience with every play-through. We define various parameters that our generation algorithm uses to ensure that these procedurally generated levels still offer a consistent and design-conscious experience. CH: Oh, and for those who don't know, can you give a quick 'n' dirty definition of "procedurally generated"? KS: A traditionally designed level is created by a designer hand-crafting the entire experience. This involves drawing the terrain heightmap (the hills, rivers, cliffs, etc.), placing detail objects such as grass and trees, and defining level objectives and placing level events. In a procedurally generated experience, some or all of these [maps] are created by a computer algorithm and can generate a virtually infinite number of levels. CH: Okay, but for the programmers out there, geek out for ten seconds and tell us how procedural generation REALLY works in Meriwether. KS: So the first thing we do is generate some cohesive noise (modified Perlin) to create the basic heightmap. This gives us our base mountains and hills. We then partition the space into small chunks and run a Drunken A* (pronounced "A-star") algorithm across the level to generate our river path (which gives us a river heading in the general direction we want, but curving a bit around geographic features in a natural way). We carve this path out of the heightmap and then do a few more detailed passes to increase variation to specific height regions (particularly a rougher appearance on mountains themselves). Once we have the geometry of the terrain generated we apply textures based on that geometry, so that certain elevation ranges we know are underwater and get a nice sandy, gravelly texture. Areas of the terrain with a steep enough slope we designate as cliffs and apply a rocky texture. Flatter areas get a grassy texture. We apply other details in a similar manner; we obviously want most of our large trees growing out of relatively flat areas (and certain plants only grow at certain elevations). There is a lot of nuance to how we evaluate the geometry to apply textures and details, but that's the gist of the approach. Step one: Based on the parameters we provide, our code generates a "basic noise layer" that will serve as the basis for the terrain. Hills, mountains, buttes, etc. are added automagically! Step three: A river runs through it--the level that is. This is the main waterway the Corps of Discovery will need to navigate. Tributaries, lakes, and other bodies of water are also generated . Step four: It's an M-class planet now! Ground cover, bushes, trees, and ground textures are introduced . CH: Once the map is procedurally generated, it's time to send the Corps of Discovery out to explore it. KS: Right. In Travel levels you alternate between various characters, taking a main character and a small collection of men out from the boat to explore the uncharted terrain and accomplish various objectives (most importantly, staying alive). CH: So, for instance, you might take Captain Clark our on a surveying excursion while Captain Lewis stays with the fleet and makes progress upriver. When Clark returns, you might send out Drouillard on a hunting expedition, and so on. KS: Exactly. Each character has a stat called "Stamina" that takes several days to recharge fully and impacts how effective that character can be during the day. By swapping out to a different character the next day, you can ensure you have enough stamina to accomplish what you need to survive and thrive. For instance, on your surveying excursion with Clark you may encounter a large group of elk when your stamina is low. Instead of risking scaring them away with a poor shot from Clark, you return to that spot the next day with a well-rested Drouillard (an expert hunter) to restock your dwindling food supply. CH: So take me through a turn. Let's say I'm playing Captain Clark at the start of a new day and I am about to head out. What dangers and challenges will I face throughout the day, and what will I be doing to support the Corps' mission? KS: So to give a little context, you'll start the day on shore next to the boat with a certain number of followers (additional men who will help you with various tasks) depending on who you've selected as the player character for this day. Clark starts with, I believe, two followers at the moment (we're still iterating on this number). If I've selected Clark, chances are that I'm looking to discover new land features and mapping the terrain. CH: For the sake of exploring? KS: Yes, but more practically, to raise the morale of the Corps. Morale is a number that stays with you throughout the game, and gets raised and lowered during every Lewis and Travel level. You can add to morale through performing tasks such as charting new geographic features or discovering new plants and animals. Going hungry, damaging your boats, or getting wounded all lower morale. If your morale hits zero at any point in any type of level, you’re done. Game over. CH: So Clark, for instance, is good at raising morale through mapping? KS: Yep. To return to the earlier example, as Clark I'll begin by looking for the closest mountain that I have not yet explored and begin heading in that direction. I may pull out my spyglass and try to chart some of the mountain from my current perspective before actually moving that way. On my way to the mountain, I'll likely encounter several obstacles and opportunities. Perhaps there is a rather large patch of prickly pears blocking the path I wanted to take. I may choose to walk through this hazard, depleting my stamina as I endure small cuts. Or maybe I'm more fortunate and come across a small group of Native Americans who I can trade with. Perhaps I'm in need of food and they are willing to trade me some food for some of my gifts (represented by blue beads). Eventually the day will begin to come to an end and a new action panel will slide into view, allowing me the choice between camping where I am (allowing me to stay in this spot and continue using Clark tomorrow) or returning to the boat (forcing me to start at the boat, but allowing me to use any character I wish). When camping, I also have the choice to have one of my followers stand guard throughout the night if I have any remaining—without a camp guard I run the risk of having some supplies stolen in my sleep. CH: And are there other hazards, too, besides possibly losing some gear if you don't post a guard, right? Nocturnal predators, horses running off, that sort of thing? I was just talking with Barb [the team's historian] about how sometimes Corps members would forget to hobble their horses at night and then have to spend a good portion of the next day trying to find where they'd wandered off to during the night. KS: That and more. We have all sorts of ways of making the Corps of Discovery's lives miserable in the works. CH: So what are some of the challenges that you've had to handle in working on developing Travel level, both in terms of design and programming? KS: In terms of design right now I'd say the biggest challenge we are facing is making the differences between each character not only compelling, but also clear. As an example, Lewis and Clark both have access to the spyglass we mentioned in the last update. The spyglass does not serve the same purpose for the two characters. Clark uses it to chart geographic features from a greater distance, and Lewis uses it to observe and discover various animals. We like the gameplay presented by these differences, but right now they lack clarity. We are currently in the process of discussing ways to make this more clear; perhaps through a time limited buff that unlocks new abilities (and incurs a small cost) to remind the player when and why they can perform certain tasks. CH: And that's one of the important elements of testing and iterating in a game—figuring out why some gameplay element, that may seem perfectly clear in your own mind, goes to hell once someone else starts playing your game. So what about the programming end of things? KS: On the programming side, improving performance is our large task at the moment. Procedural generation is awesome, but it also comes at a runtime cost. CH: A "runtime cost" is the amount of resources the game uses from the player's computer, right? KS: In this context what I mean by runtime cost is literally time. Loading into a pre-generated (by our design team and included as part of the game) level takes only a couple of seconds on most computers. However, we aren't just loading these levels from disk—with procedural generation, your computer is building the level through our algorithms. So before you can begin playing there is a longer loading time than there is for other levels. We're leveraging all sorts of different techniques to keep this loading time as low as possible (such as multi-threaded generation of terrain and objects further from the starting point after we let you begin playing). The balancing act between giving the players a rich, variable experience and performance is a constant juggling act. Aside from that, it's really just the challenge of working on such an epic project with a small development team. There's a lot to get done, and we're pushing hard to get it done as quickly as possible, and at the level of quality our backers expect, and we expect of ourselves. CH: What has you most excited about Travel levels right now, in terms of how it plays (or will play)? KS: One really awesome aspect of Travel levels is that the game itself is constantly presenting me with these gorgeous new views. We're barely scratching the surface of what our procedural generation can do, and I'm already stopping during my playesting to say, "Wow: this is starting to look awesome." I'm excited to be able to pick Meriwether back up years from now and still get those new vistas. CH: So what's next for Travel levels? And how close is it to being "done" (whatever "done" means in a video game!)? KS: Currently we're at a point with the world generation algorithm for Travel levels that we know it will work very well. There are improvements to be made (and more variation is necessary)—but terrain generation is largely solved at this point. Now comes the fun part for the design team. I've implemented a very small handful of the procedural events, obstacles, and encounters that will be generating on top of that terrain for us to experiment with. There are still unknown questions to be solved on that front and a lot of exciting design territory to be covered in terms of giving the player awesome, engaging activities to do in that world. We've scratched the surface; now it's time to really start breathing life into the world by adding more variation to the experience. CH: Parting thoughts for our supporters? KS: I want to thank everyone for their support and enthusiasm. The reaction we've gotten so far has been awesome to see, and I'm really looking forward to being able to deliver a beta build of the game and hearing even more from you all! Trading We are constantly refining the gameplay in Meriwether , looking for the best ways to make the game fun, historical, and mechanically elegant. We think the trade interface will give you clear insight into our design aesthetic and process. Meriwether shares many elements with computer RPGs. As such, when we initially imagined how trade would work, we thought we would use a traditional "shop" interface. A list of goods would pop up with their costs, you'd buy or sell as much as you wanted, etc. That works great in most RPGs, where part of the game is collecting gold to buy increasingly powerful weapons and armor to help with the next level of challenges. But that's not the type of game Meriwether is. There's no such thing as a +4 Bearslaying Rifle of Accuracy in our game! (Though that does sound pretty awesome. Maybe next game....) You aren't constantly upgrading equipment in this game, trading gold pieces for fighting prowess; in fact, quite the opposite: you are losing equipment, struggling to repair the little you have, and rationing your supplies to make them last for a round trip over more than half a continent. In short, trade matters in Meriwether from a storytelling perspective. Establishing the foundation for peaceful commerce between the United States and Native American nations was one of the Expedition's main missions. The Native Americans greatly desired many goods only European and American traders could provide during that time-period: especially rifles. And many nations lived subsistence existences; the Shoshone, for instance, faced extreme hunger when Lewis and Clark encountered them. It would make zero sense, therefore, to have a Shoshone trader who had a shop full of goods on display, when the rest of the nation stood on the brink of starvation. So we asked ourselves, "What is important and fun about trade, and what would best portray the history?" What's important is the ability to acquire goods and, perhaps even more importantly, to build friendships through exchange. What best portrays the history is a system where traders aren't "shopkeeps," but Native Americans who have just a few items to offer and just a few items they would be willing to accept for barter. What's fun is deciding whether the exchange is worth it, both in terms of the goods received and the social implications. So here's what we did: we narrowed trade down just to those features, then designed a light, fast UI to make that kind of trade work well. When you click on a person who is willing to trade, you see what items he or she has to offer (usually no more than three items) and what he or she wants in return. Click on the arrows between the items to make the trade, or click "Leave" if you'd rather not trade at that time. Easy, clean, and meaningful to this game's narrative: everything we want out of trade, with no unnecessary RPG baggage. Newest 3d Model of Lewis We thought it'd be fun to take a little trip down Memory Lane and show you the evolution our model of Lewis has undergone since we began this project. Our earliest Meriwether Lewis model--circa 1982. (Kidding! We haven't been working on the game quite that long.) Notice the faux-hawk, the dead eyes, and the "Come at me, bro" pose. Good stuff . The Lewis model we used for the Kickstarter. Looking a million times better than our first placeholder, but still a little rough around the edges . Now, we proudly present our newest Lewis: richer colors, crisper uniform, rosy cheeks, and that hat! To die for . It's important for us to get the Lewis model just right, for at least two reasons. One, players are going to be looking at Lewis more than any other model in the game, so he's got to be easy on the eyes. Two, Lewis serves as the standard our artists use to create the other models in the game. He's not finished yet, but we're very excited about this direction. We would love to know what you think, so feel free either to comment or send us a PM with your thoughts (about Lewis, or anything). Proceeding On Work continues apace! We are advancing on all fronts and are growing more and more exciting as the game begins to take shape. As always, we thank you for your support and ask you to contact us with any questions or comments you have. See you in a month! Hey Backers! Welcome to another installment of "Meri-making." We apologize for being a little late on this update; we were working closely with the New-York Historical Society on this one, making sure we got everything right and had permission to use the images you will see below. We're sure you will be pleased with the results! This month, we're going to take you behind the scenes of the New-York Historical Society, where, thanks to Meriwether backer and museum educator Rebecca Mir, we were able to get a few questions answered about a game element we wanted to include: a spyglass. We think this will give you excellent insight as to how we are working hard to make sure the game is as historically accurate as possible while still being loads of fun. The Tl;dr is--sometimes you get lucky, and the history and the gameplay marry perfectly. So sit back, grab your favorite beverage, and let the many pictures and files load for the full effect! OUR MISSION Hard at work on Meriwether, the team was debating how to include a spyglass (i.e. a little handheld telescope) among the various tools Lewis will have at his disposal. From a gameplay perspective, a spyglass seemed like a cool addition: you could use it to scout ahead and find otherwise hidden parts of the landscape. As we started experimenting with it, however, it became clear that the spyglass would be most useful in the game if you could set it to different levels of magnification: far, farther, and really far. But then Josh asked the question, "Do spyglasses of the period really work that way? Did they have different levels of magnification?" It was actually two different questions: 1) do spyglasses in general work that way? and 2) did spyglasses of the time work that way? To answer both completely, we'd have to get our hands on a period spyglass--not the easiest thing in the world to do. Enter Rebecca Mir. You might remember Rebecca from her appearance on our "Meri-thon" at the end of our Kickstarter campaign. Rebecca works as an Educator at the New-York Historical Society, which Josh had visited in the past to research The Lewis and Clark Expedition. So Josh contacted Rebecca and asked her our spyglass questions. We knew we could count on Rebecca to provide us great information, but she went much, much farther. She invited the team to see the New-York Historical Society’s collection of spyglasses, as well as other Lewis and Clark artifacts in the museum's holdings. First, we were allowed to examine some of the New-York Historical Society’s most important Lewis and Clark objects. Among the most impressive was this: one of Jefferson's Peace Medals. The Peace Medal was a "coin" Jefferson had commissioned specifically to help foster better relationships with Native American tribes. They came in different sizes; Carlos (who is holding the medal) was especially struck by its size and heft of this baby. Next, we were able to see the famous painting of Lewis wearing the "tippet" he traded for with Shoshone chief Cameahwait (who was Sacagawea's blood relation, possibly her brother). Both of us had seen photographs of the painting on the web, but were surprised to find out how small it really is! Still, there is no mistaking Lewis's pride and patrician air in the painting. It's an excellent reference work we are using not only to model Lewis's face, but, because we hit that stretch goal, the tippet and buckskins he is wearing, which will provide a hunting bonus when worn. Lewis's tippet and this painting of Lewis wearing it have an interesting history. If you want to learn more, check out this link: <url>’s spyglasses. The two spyglasses pictured above date from a little later time-period than the Lewis and Clark Expedition--mid-19th century, probably--but were very much in keeping with the kind of military spyglasses we can expect Lewis and Clark to have carried (as the technology had not progressed very much in the intervening years). Most striking is their size. We had expected the spyglasses to measure maybe 6-12 inches (~15-30cm). The team's historian, Barb Kubik, pointed us to an entry in one of Lewis's letters indicating that he had bought a six-inch telescope for $7.00 before the voyage. Furthermore, some Lewis and Clark scholars have posited, based on evidence gleaned from Lewis descendants (not of Lewis directly, as he never had children, but the children of his brother and sister), that one telescope he had on the journey measured 15 inches (~38cm) when closed and five feet (~153cm) or more when open. Scholars believe that very large spyglass would have needed to be fully extended to work--making in an unwieldy choice for everyday use. The New-York Historical Society’s spyglasses, as you can see from the pictures below, are smaller, though perhaps not so different than the six-inch spyglass. At any rate, they would still answer the important question of various levels of magnification that we sought. The two differed in their designs. The larger one has one draw-tube, but it can be pulled to various lengths, depending on how far you wanted to see. The smaller one has two draw-tubes that provided three levels of magnification, depending on how many you extend--which is exactly what we wanted for the game! SO WHAT'S THE ANSWER? Josh and Carlos agreed: the length you pulled out a draw-tube, or the number of draw-tubes you extended, affected the level of magnification. It seemed like we had our answer. Just one thing: we could not be sure that not extending the spyglass to its full length did not distort the image--kind of a "objects in this mirror are closer than they appear" type of effect. It didn't seem that the two spyglasses we examined distorted images, but we knew from research we had done, from Lewis and Clark scholars to modern-day spyglass manufacturers, that some spyglasses don't function well at anything less than full extension. HERE'S WHERE YOU CAN HELP! So for now, what we have decided to do is include the three levels of magnification for the spyglass, since our experience seemed to suggest it is at least plausible, and it does make gameplay more fun. But we do not consider the case closed! We have a very smart Kickstarter base, so if you know a little something about 19th-century spyglasses, please let us know your thoughts in the comments. THE SPYGLASS IN-GAME As we said, we love the way the spyglass is working so far. These test-shots will give you some idea of how the three levels of magnification will work. (Please remember that this is placeholder artwork.) Close... Closer... Closest! Besides allowing you to scout ahead, the spyglass will allow you to find discoverable landmarks and points of interest. When you look through the spyglass, invisible points of interest, represented by stars (for now), will suddenly appear. You can then walk over to them to discover what it is that makes this point interesting and what role it played in the Expedition's voyage. They will also serve as fast-travel points on the map. NEW CONCEPT ART So much more to tell you! We've been charging ahead on all fronts: programming, design, writing, music, everything. Here, then, is a heaping helping of our work over the last month or so, starting with concept art. By now you know we are absolutely committed to creating honest portrayals of Native Americans. In that vein, here is our concept art for Coboway, a Clatsop chief who helped Lewis and Clark survive their Pacific-coast winter. If you're wondering why he's so plainly dressed, it's because this is an authentic, unidealized portrayal of what the Clatsop of that time and season wore. Yes folks, this is winter attire. And compared to some other Clatsop, Coboway here is relatively bundled up--some Clatsop that Lewis and Clark encountered walked around naked. Next up, our concept art for Pierre Cruzatte. Talk about colorful characters: this gentlemen was hired as a guide and translator for the Corps. And he also has the singular distinction of being the man who shot Meriwether Lewis in the tuckus! Apparently, while the two were out hunting, he mistook Lewis for an elk and planted a lead ball in the Captain's buttock. Here he is. Notice the violin case; he was one of two fiddlers with the Corps, helping to keep spirits high. And for you Lewis and Clark buffs, notice that we are purposefully NOT portraying Cruzatte with an eyepatch. There is some debate in the community whether or not Cruzatte wore one: in the journals, Clark mentions that Cruzatte "is near Sighted and has the use of but one eye" but "has the use" is a phrase that is open to interpretation. So, without spoiling too much, let's just say that Cruzatte's questionable eyesight is part of the game, and that you might have to improvise a patch for him if things don't go well. Bwa-ha-ha! (See picture two.) And last, but certainly not least, feast your eyes on the concept art for Sagacawea's husband, Touissant Charbonneau. This fine fellow will play an integral part on your voyage, so get used to seeing this face! MUSIC Jim Welch, our composer, has been purchasing period instruments, studying music of the era, consulting with the team (esp. historian Barb) and writing short musical studies. After all this work, we are proud to unveil his first iteration of one of the game's themes. The final version of this piece will play during Meriwether's menu screen, so it's meant to evoke the gravity of the task ahead, with all the potential for greatness and disaster thereof. We'd love to hear your feedback, so please let us know what you think! You will find the audio file at the bottom of this update. Jim's hard at work on the various other leitmotifs and themes for the game. Here's a sneak preview of his notes toward what's he's calling the "River Theme." The team agrees the best part is the "river sparkle"! BACK-END PROGRESS Our lead programmer, Kyle, nearly lit his fingers on fire coding so quickly over the last month. Thanks to him, we've made huge strides on the programming side of the game. Some of this stuff we will feature in future updates, but for now, some of the main things we have accomplished include: Updating Unity, and implementing the new "Mechanim" system to assist with animation. (P.S. Mechanim is awesome, as it allows animations to be created much more cheaply and efficiently than previously possible); Pathfinding is now working (and those of you who are programmers know what a big deal this is); Procedural terrain for Travel Mode is now implemented! This is one of the hugest gains we've made, as it will allow us to really start testing and troubleshooting Travel Mode and get it into its final form. We'll probably center an entire future update on Travel Mode once it's a little more camera-ready, so stay tuned!; The Medicine Mini-Game is a hair's-breadth from being completed. We hope to have some footage to show you for the next update of this vitally important aspect of the game. WE COULD GO ON.... But at this point the update is probably functioning more as a sleep-aid than a forum for communication. Please know that the entire team is charging ahead on every front and that we are committed to delivering you a game you will be delighted to have supported. Thanks so much, and we'll see you again in a month. Hey Backers! As promised, here is a video of our experience at PAX East. Kickstarter was kind enough to invite us to exhibit our demo in their room. Tl;dr — it was incredible! See for yourself below. <url>–away–from–beta stage, the game is shaping up tremendously well. So what's next? We will be concentrating on nailing down the Travel levels, as well as filling out the part of the game that will feature the Shoshone (Sacagawea's tribe). Jim Welch will continue to work on the game's music, and we will have new art including an improved Lewis model to show you. We also will report on our visit to the New York Historical Society, where we were able to examine spyglasses. Not only will our spyglasses make good mechanical sense in the game, but, as always, we are going to great lengths to ensure historical accuracy — and in this case, we can do both without sacrificing either. But the story of our spyglass research is a story for a future update. Until then, proceeding on! Josh and the Meriwether Team Hello Backers! We wanted to send a quick update to let you know that: A) we've been making terrific progress on Meriwether , and; B) if you happen to be headed to PAX East this weekend, you can come see that progress for yourself! The good folks at Kickstarter have given us a little space in their area to show off our current build in what they're calling the "Kickstarter Arcade." You can check out the list of Kickstarted games featured there just by following this link. The games you'll see at the Kickstarter Arcade are at various levels of completion. Ours isn't even an Alpha build yet, of course, but we will be able to show how the some of the game's key systems will work: missions, dialogue, plant/animal discoveries, and other fun stuff. We've love to give in-person thank yous to as many of you as possible, so don't forget to swing by if you'll be at PAX East . And if you won't be there, not to worry: we're planning on giving you an update that will feature pics and possibly video footage of our experience there. In the mean time, here's a succinct summary of our progress. Programming, design and writing/dialogue are cooking with gas. We've all but achieved the milestone of "vertical slice" on all fronts, except art (which always takes the longest). Jim Welsh has collected input from the team about the score for the game in terms of mood and feel and is now at work at creating music. On the visual-art front, the team welcomes 3d modeler J. Anderson, whose first task has been to improve our Lewis model. Besides making the model more realistic, he's also rigged the face so that it blinks and the mouth moves. In all, he's moved us closer to final art on the most important asset in the game! We'll include the model in a future update (once it's a little more ready for its close-up). But we couldn't resist showing you the new GUI that pops up when use the Observation feature. The team loves how it plays and looks. We'd love to know what you think! Here's how the Observation feature works. When you click on a species you haven't identified yet, a GUI like the one above appears. You can choose up to three of the circles on the right, and doing so will fill in the image on the left. Then you're off to find a new example of the species to get more opportunities to fill in more of the image. Once you've completed 80% or more of the image on the left, the image will auto-complete and the species is identified. Our internal tests have found the system to be lightweight and fun, but of course nothing is finalized until our beta-testers and backers agree. Still, we're very excited with it and feel it's pretty close to beta-ready. Finally, Kickstarter is the gift that just keeps on giving. We were contacted by the good folks at Story War because they wanted to create a special, promotional Lewis and Clark card for their game. We have to say, they did an amazing job. The attention to detail is terrific! This card will ONLY BE AVAILABLE to people who have backed both our project and theirs, so since you've already backed Meriwether , supporting the Story War Kickstarter will earn you this limited-edition card! Here's the link: <url>"Meri-Making"! About once a month, we'll be giving you a substantive update as to our progress on the development of Meriwether. We will cover all aspects of the game design process: writing dialogue; creating art assets; composing music and sound effects; and refining game mechanics, just to name a few. Since the end of the Kickstarter campaign the team has been running full steam on production, and we are extremely pleased with our progress to date. Here are some of the highlights. Video! First, enjoy this video, taken at Carlos's place in Queens, NY. The video covers the planning meeting we recently had to outline our Roadmap to completion (see below), and also shows you just what a Kickstarter fanboy Carlos is. And yes, that is a life-sized lime-green papier-mâché bull head covered in Christmas lights hanging on the wall. That's how we roll on team Meriwether . <url>“scrum board” to understand the project as a whole. First, here's a picture: Imagine the table as a grid. Running vertically is the "Easy-Hard" axis, while the "Less Vital - More Vital" axis runs horizontally. Now, we break down the tasks we need to accomplish into individual units. These we write down on a 3x5 card, along with a time estimate (in days) of how long we think each bite-sized chunk will take. Then, based on the importance of that task and the difficulty in accomplishing it, we place it on the grid. Things that are Very Important take priority and are then assigned a due date based partially on how difficult that task will be to complete. Sometimes it makes sense to knock out a bunch of important but relatively easy tasks, but sometimes a difficult problem must be solved so that the project can proceed. Visualizing the project as a whole in this way gives us a clear development path to follow, and it also yields the added benefit of giving us an estimate of how long it will take us to get to beta. You'll be happy to hear that this detailed study of our workflow matches our initial estimate, and that, as long as everything goes as planned, we are on-track to hit beta in August. Writing the Teton Sioux Levels Carlos has spent the month writing dialogue for the various characters that appear in the two Lewis levels that feature the Teton Sioux. Here is his development diary. I've had a blast writing the main dialogues for the Teton Sioux, but it's also been a challenging assignment, to say the least. The Corps of Discovery's interactions with the Teton Sioux were fraught with miscommunications and hindered by each party's expectations of what the outcome of their negotiations should be. And of course it is at this moment in the Expedition where the Corps comes closest to total annihilation. You'll get at least as close when you play this level, so be careful! First, a little background. The Corps encounters the Teton Sioux in what is now South Dakota. It was this nation that Jefferson was most eager to establish peaceful relations, as the Sioux were thought to be the most numerous and powerful of the known Native American tribes. Based on information gleaned from French, British and American traders and trappers who had had contact with the tribe, however, the Teton Sioux were rumored to exact tolls and tributes from those they encountered, and they weren't afraid to use intimidation as a bargaining tool. Relations between the Corps and the Sioux get off to a bad start. John Colter tells the captains that the Corps' last horse has been stolen by a party of Sioux warriors. Their parley goes from bad to worse when the Corps discovers that Pierre Cruzatte, the interpreter they hired in part because they thought he knew how to speak Lakota, had perhaps exaggerated his linguistic skills. Those difficulties might have been surmountable by themselves. But negotiations quickly soured when the Sioux accused the Corps of being stingy with gifts and Captains Lewis and Clark accused the Sioux of being greedy. A standoff ensued with the Corps of Discovery pointing their rifles and readying the keelboat's mighty swivel gun, while hundreds of Sioux warriors strung their bows and readied to let a storm of arrows fly. If anyone on either side had fired, carnage would have ensued. It is almost impossible to imagine that enough of the Corps would have survived to return to the United States. Both Lewis and Clark would have been killed, almost certainly. The mission to cross North America would have ended in failure then and there. So how did the Expedition escape with their hides intact? Sorry, no spoilers! You'll get your chance to hold council with the Sioux soon enough. One of the interesting developments that I have noted in working on the game is that, in Meriwether, unlike pretty much any game I have ever encountered, dramatic irony plays a role in most of the dialogue. A quick reminder: "dramatic irony" is a literary term that simply means the reader (or in theater and film, the audience) knows more about what's going to happen in the story than the characters do. Basically, the horror genre depends on dramatic irony: you know the last thing the busload of cheerleaders who are spending the night in the haunted house should do is split up, but they do it every time in every movie, don't they? Because Meriwether is based on the well-known history of the Corps of Discovery, dramatic irony is unavoidable. It plays out in the dialogue in exciting (and sometimes nerve-wracking!) ways. For instance, in recounting their interactions with the Teton Sioux, the journals of the Expedition describe how the captains used threats, bluster, bribery, and even physical force in dealing with the Sioux. I promise you, many of these will seem like bad ideas to the player. But playing this game, you will have to live the history of the members of the Corps, and that means learning to think like they did. And that means sometimes saying things that, to a 21st century ear, might sound like pure madness. Not to worry though. Madness is fun! In fact, I mentioned horror before, and it's interesting that the second Teton Sioux level has a bit of a horror vibe to it. Everything seems fine at first, and but the clues start to pile up that the Sioux might be planning an unpleasant surprise for the Corps when they try to proceed onwards… New "Comic Book" Dialogue Interface In video games, it's common to see dialogue handled much like it is in film: every time a character speaks, the camera cuts to the new speaker. That works great in film (and in some games), but after testing dialogue in Meriwether, we found the constantly-jumping camera to be distracting. If we wanted players to immerse themselves in the story, we knew we had to find a better way to present conversations. That is the thinking that led us to our new style, which we've been called "Comic Book Dialogue." This new way of presenting dialogue displays two or three lines from characters at a time, much in the same way speech balloons work in comics. We're very happy with the results: now, it is much easier to follow the thread of the conversation. Furthermore, we still will be able to control the camera to have the occasional dramatic close-up, and we think big conversations (those featuring more than two characters) will be easier to follow as well. Ultimately, our playtesters will tell us what they think of this new system, but we're stoked about our early experiments with it. We'll be sure to keep you updated as we further refine it. The Pacific Coast -- In-Game! Our Environment Artist, George Sokol, has been hard at work for the last month designing and beautifying the levels that will take place on the Pacific coast. While everything in Meriwether is a work in progress, we couldn't be happier with the work George has already done. Here are a few screenshots to tide you over for now. Just keep in mind that this are only first passes, and that they'll continue to improve up until we release the game. Upcoming Events We have two very cool events coming up in which we'll be talking about Meriwether. The first takes place on Thursday 20 February. Josh and Carlos are heading over to Kickstarter headquarters for an Open House where they, along with other folks who've run successful Kickstarter campaigns, will talk about their project and give Kickstarter hopefuls advice and protips about getting projects funded. We're equally thrilled to say that Kickstarter has invited us to be part of their showcase at PAX East, the largest video game conference on the East Coast. At PAX East, we will have a playable demo of the Clatsop Fall Lewis level and will answer questions about the game and discuss the development process. Again, if you're planning on being in Boston from March 22-24, swing by and say hi! More info is at <url>… We are gaining momentum! We have our schedule locked down, we are continuing to refine our mechanics and artwork, and we are marching steadily closer to making Meriwether a reality. Thank you again and forever for giving us the opportunity to devote ourselves to creating this game. We will continue to work hard to justify your faith in us and make this the best game it can be. Excelsior! Hey Backers! What a rush. That final countdown to the Kickstarter campaign was like nothing anyone on the team had ever experienced. If you missed it, you can see it in on Sortasoft's YouTube channel. In fact, you can catch any or all of the Meri-Thon, all nine hours of it if you so desire--some great interviews with game designers and Lewis and Clark experts are waiting for you here: part 1 , part 2 , and part 3 . Thanks to all of our guests, our viewers, and to all our backers for the support you gave us throughout the campaign. Such a great way to bid bon voyage to our Kickstarter! So now it's time for us to start making good on our campaign. We are thrilled to be back to work on Meriwether. Here's a quick update about what will happen now that the Kickstarter is over. We definitely want to keep you in the loop, but we also want to devote the majority of our time making you a great game. It's a difficult balancing act for a small team like ours. So we plan to update you about once a month on our progress. We hope this is often enough to be informative, but infrequent enough that it won't interfere with our work on the game. Our goal is to hit Beta by August, and finish the game by November, so we will be working hard to make that happen. Sound good? One major task immediately ahead of us is upgrading to the recently released Unity 4. This will improve the game's performance as well as give us access to many new features--specifically Unity's new "Mechanim" system which makes character animations much easier and more powerful. Also, Unity 4 will allow us to use advanced shaders on terrain, which will help make our landscape look even better without slowing down the game. A second major task is related to content. We are developing a level based on the Corps' encounter with the Teton Sioux. Due to a number of miscommunications, the Corps ends up in a standoff with them. One of the player's major challenges is to navigate the complex politics to get out of this sticky situation--hopefully without the use of force! (But even the historic Corps of Discovery came within just a hair's breadth away from a skirmish that would have likely jeopardized the entire mission). One of our challenges as designers is to allow players to realize that while force is an option, it has significant repercussions and should not be used lightly, as it is in many other games. The Teton Sioux episode is an excellent example of how we intend to be historically accurate, culturally sensitive, and player-centered all at the same time. We hope that striking the right balance during this episode will give us an approach we can carry to other parts of the game that require that same careful mix. Finally, if you tell your friends about the game and they find themselves regretting that they didn't contribute, please let them know we have set up a Paypal at meriwethergame.com . They can't get quite the same deals you could during the campaign, but we have built in more scholarships into the post-Kickstarter levels so that the good folks who contribute now will also be contributing to putting the game in the hands of educational institutions. So send your friends here to contribute. ( <url>"Rocky" Rockwell) 4:30 PM Doug Wilson, designer of J.S. Joust and B.U.T.T.O.N. 5:00 PM Eric Zimmerman, Colleen Macklin, and John Sharp (Local No. 12, The Metagame) 5:30 PM TBA! 6:00 PM Nik Mikros, Creative Director of SMASHWORX (Propaganda Lander, Killer Queen Arcade) 6:30 PM Asi Burak, Co-President of Games for Change 7:00 PM Corey and Lori Cole, Quest for Glory and Hero U 7:30 PM Greg Trefry, director of Come Out &amp; Play Festival and co-founder of Gigantic Mechanic 8:00 PM Tony DeBonis, trapper, hunter, and Josh's brother! 8:30 PM Rebecca Mir, Museum Educator and writer for Play the Past 9:00 PM Jesse Fuchs, Game Designer (Guts of Glory) 9:30 PM Thomas Danisi, author Meriwether Lewis and Uncovering the Truth about Meriwether Lewis 10:00 PM Jeff McCord, creator of Fargoal and Fargoal 2 10:30 PM Andy Hull, programmer/designer (Spelunky) 11:00 PM Barb Kubik, Lewis and Clark historian (Meriwether) The schedule is subject the change, but we anticipate having a terrific time with these guests and possibly squeezing in a few more. As we approach air-time, please check back on this page for the YouTube link that will take you to the Live Stream of the event. See you then! Great job everyone! You just got us to the first stretch goal: Lewis's outfits and Girardoni air rifle. Because of you, Meriwether won't have to cross the North American wilderness in his skivvies! Our next stretch goal is Endless Arcade Mode, at $45k. This mode will allow for countless hours of replayability plus the ability to challenge your friends. We're really psyched to be able to add this to the game--how quickly can you get us there? Here's a few of the great articles that were recently published about Meriwether: IGN TechZWN PCGamer MERITHON details coming shortly. We have so many great guests! Josh and the Meriwether Team The Meriwether team is feeling so inspired and grateful for the backing we've received, we just have to share the love. That's why we're bringing our 39-day campaign to a close with an event we're calling the: Starting this Sunday 6 January at 3PM EST and going until midnight, when our campaign ends, the Meriwether Team will host a live streaming Google Hangout where we'll not only discuss the game, but will feature an impressive slate of game designers, historians, and other special guests. Already booked are: --Kickstarter success stories such as Corey Cole (Hero U), Doug Wilson (Sportfriends/J.S. Joust), Jesse Fuchs (Guts of Glory), and Jeff McCord (Sword of Fargoal 2); --Some of the biggest names in Indie game development, such as Adam Saltsman (Cannabalt); Eric Zimmerman, Colleen Macklin, and John Sharp (Local No. 12); Nik Mikros (Smashworx), Greg Trefry (Gigantic Mechanic), and Andy Hull (Spelunky); --Our own Lewis and Clark expert, Barb Kubik, plus other historians and subject matter experts who will discuss the finer points of surviving off the land. There will loads more surprises and lots of fun as the team comes together to celebrate the successful campaign. We will put out a complete schedule of guests Sunday morning, and the event will begin at around 3PM EST. We hope you'll come help us "make Meri" (har har!) us as we bid a fond farewell to Kickstarter and embark of the great journey of making a video game that is worthy of the trust you've placed in us. More details soon! Wow! Backers, you have simply amazed all of us! Your support, inspirational words, and willingness to help spread the word is truly humbling and incredibly encouraging. We're so excited to be at this point of departure. Meriwether Lewis wrote upon their departure from Fort Mandan into the unknown on April 7th, 1805: "This little fleet altho' not quite so rispectable as those of Columbus or Capt. Cook were still viewed by us with as much pleasure as those deservedly famed adventurers ever beheld theirs; and I dare say with quite as much anxiety for their safety and preservation. we were now about to penetrate a country at least two thousand miles in width, on which the foot of civillized man had never trodden; the good or evil it had in store for us was for experiment yet to determine... the picture which now presented itself to me was a most pleasing one. entertaing 〈now〉 as I do, the most confident hope of succeading in a voyage which had formed a da[r]ling project of mine for the last ten years 〈of my life〉, I could but esteem this moment of my 〈our〉 departure as among the most happy of my life." Maybe we're not quite so "rispectable" as Miyamoto or Garriott, but we are going to make you an incredible game worthy of the support you've shown us. Thank you all so very much! Now let's hit some stretch goals! Josh and the whole Meriwether Team While we've been busy running the Kickstarter, our artists have been making great progress on the game, and we want to share some of it with you! Please remember that even these newest versions are still works in progress! --Our incredible character artist Rashad has been revising our 3D model for Sacagawea. He's spent a lot of time to try to make her look young, but still resolute. It's trickier than it sounds but he's done an amazing job! --The legendary Justin "How much whiskey do we have?" Jordan just finished modeling Fort Mandan, the Corps' residence for their first Winter outside of the U.S. Here he talks briefly about his work on the fort and the game's other structures, like the President's House (today's White House), below. <url>’ve been very clear (we hope!) about the fact that Meriwether isn’t edutainment. And yet, here we are offering “Scholarship” editions. How do those two things fit together? We begin with a basic premise: almost all educational video games are terrible. Just unplayably bad. For every good game like Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego that exists, thousands of pedantic, transparent, and woefully unfun offerings litter the field of educational video games. Why should this be? We at Meriwether believe the problem is that edutainment treats the “game” part of “educational game” as secondary. And that’s where they go wrong. That’s why with Meriwether , we’re working hard to create a great game rooted in the amazing history of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. We are crafting the game based on the team’s collective experience in making games, as well as everything we as a team have learned after a lifetime of playing them. If you happen to learn something along the way, well, that’s your own fault. :) Seriously though, there’s a reason why games like Mass Effect and Skyrim have such detailed and richly-presented worlds. The settings of those games are what give meaning and power to the actions players take through the gameplay. Would there have been such controversy around Mass Effect 3 ’s ending if players hadn’t grown to care passionately about the people, places, and events that the game created over a period of years? No way! That’s what we want to do for Meriwether : we want to offer players a combination of great gameplay and great storytelling that will make them fall in love with this world. The only difference will be that, instead of inventing a history from the ground up, the way fantasy and science fiction games must, we have based our world on the best historical research we can muster about the Corps of Discovery’s journey. When players finish the game, those people, places and events will stay with them, just as much as our fond memories of other game worlds stay with us. And that’s why we think educational settings have a lot to gain by employing games like Meriwether , in spite of the fact that the game isn’t edutainment. By immersing players in the history, presenting them with the challenges the Corps of Discovery faced, and compelling them to think like a 19th century explorer, we hope to open whole vistas of possibilities to learners and educators alike. That’s why we’re offering the game to educational institutions at such a discounted rate through our various “Scholarship” levels. The Scholarship edition at $25 secures a copy of Meriwether for yourself and another for an educational institution of your choice. Also, if you pledge at the $50 level or above, you can donate a copy of the game to an educational institution of your choice for every $6 you add to your contribution. If you want to donate a bunch of copies, you can go for the “Super-Scholarship” or “Super-Scholarship + Swag” editions. Finally, don’t forget that if we hit our stretch goal of $50,000, we will match all the scholarship donations our backers have made, doubling the amount of scholarships we give out. And we’ll be sure to inform those educational institutions that they have you to thank for bringing the game to them. So far, backers have graciously donated about 180 scholarships. We hope you’ll join them and help us get Meriwether into the hands of these institutions so we can show them how fun and engaging a game that does history right can be! Wow! What a day. We just hit $30k and 1000 backers! And we are honored to have been chosen by Kickstarter as their project of the day. Many of you have significantly increased your pledges, making this our biggest day so far. Plus I'm constantly seeing tweets and shares and comments everywhere from all of you. Thank you so very much. Let's keep the momentum going! I want to introduce our lead programmer, Kyle Staves. He's an incredibly talented programmer and game designer. And he's here to tell you all about how he creates our game development tools. He'll also be introducing you to his best friend, his development frog. What's a dev frog? You gotta watch to find out! <url>’s story arcs will present some of the major themes of the Corps of Discovery’s voyage. Through these story arcs, you’ll get to know some of the Corps’s most famous members--Clark, John Colter, and Sacagawea--and well as some important but lesser-known members such as Private Willard and Sergeant Gass. For this update, I want to focus on York’s story arc as an example of how we’re using them to relate the history of the Corps, tell a good story, and create meaningful gameplay. After the Expedition made it back to the U.S., the members of the Corps of Discovery were regarded as national heroes and were granted land allotments as thanks for their service. But not all members: York, Clark’s slave and personal manservant, received no land or payment. He was forced to return to his former life of servitude on Clark’s estate. York found it difficult to adjust back to life as a slave. Over the years after the Expedition, Clark asked several people, including his brother Jonathan and Meriwether Lewis, for advice on how to handle his increasingly unwilling slave. And then, in 1810 (about four years after the Expedition), Clark writes, “[York] is here but of verry little Service to me ... insolent and Sulky, I gave him a severe trouncing the other Day and he has much mended Sence.” [sic; Clark was a terrible speller.] Those two words, “severe trouncing,” squeeze my heart. Clark and York had been together since they were boys. York probably saved Clark’s life during a flash flood near Great Falls, Montana. He was loyal, brave, physically strong and agile (quite the dancer, apparently), and in all everything a member of the Corps should be. But he also brought many unanticipated benefits to the mission. Many Native Americans had never seen anyone of African descent before and were fascinated by York. One tribe called him a “great medicine” (which might be translated as a “great wonder”) and gave him a great deal of respect, which benefited the entire Corps. And Clark rewards all of these contributions by having York tied to a post and whipped. In creating York’s story arc for our game, I am working backwards. I am taking the fact that someone like Clark--who by my reading was an affable, sensible, even-tempered and generous man--could then go and “trounce” York, as my guiding star for this part of the narrative. It’s obvious that the journey changed York. He regularly carried a firearm (almost unheard-of for a slave of the time), was asked for his opinion as to where the Corps should build their winter fort on the Pacific, and looked on with awe, as did the rest of the Corps, as thousands of buffalo galloped across the plains of the Northwest. He came to know a level of freedom that nothing in his life up to then had prepared him for. And then it was time to go home. To go back to being a slave. To being property. The impending dread of returning to his former life will serve as the basis for York’s arc in Meriwether . Without spoiling anything, let me say that York, Clark and others will take up the question of York’s freedom with you, and your answers will have both short- and long-term consequences. And if you think you can simply bring your 21st-century values around slavery to the game and advocate for York’s freedom without a price, think again. Even if you were to petition Clark for York’s freedom (something the historical Lewis never did), Clark wouldn’t give him up without a fight. And fighting with Clark may very well bring about the destruction of the Corps of Discovery before you ever make it home. These days, slavery is regarded pretty much universally as an evil. But it wasn’t so long ago that slavery was an everyday part of life. I think one of the great gifts history can offer us is the ability to see our social mores as conventions, rather than permanent, preordained givens. When we see that there is nothing inherently right or true about some part of the prevailing ideology, we can challenge it. History can help train our minds to see through the veneer of convention and better judge the merits of our beliefs. And that, in a nutshell, is what we hope to achieve through the story arcs. We want to immerse you in a different age’s way of thinking. By doing so, we hope to open a window into some of the greatest questions humanity faces: what is freedom? How do we balance the good of the individual against the good of society? What compromises are we willing to make for the sake of peace, or glory, or personal success? Don’t expect Meriwether to offer up pat, feel-good answers to these questions. As York’s story shows us, real life is complicated, and often heartbreaking. I will use the real history of the Corps of Discovery to invite that complexity and heartbreak into Meriwether , and then force you to make some tough, tough choices. If I do my job as writer, those choices will offer insight not only into Lewis’s age, but our own. We want to pack in as many important events and as much excitement as possible into each level. But there is just no way we can cover everything that happened during the Lewis and Clark Expedition. If we did, it'd take you two and a half years to play the game! So our method has been to pick a locale that will serve as a kind of historical "home base" and then include many of the events that happened while the Corps of Discovery was in that area. Because you will be able to influence the outcomes of events and choose the order in which they tackle missions, it's likely that your own path to the Pacific will not duplicate that of the original Corps. This is yet another way we're making sure you get to experience all the memorable moments of the voyage while still putting your own personal stamp on it. Here's a brief synopsis of each of the handcrafted Lewis levels. Of course there is so much more that happens in each of these, as well as during the procedurally generated Travel levels. Please note that this is subject to change based on playtesting (and if we hit our stretch goals!) The President’s House Lewis begins the game in Washington, D.C. as private secretary to Jefferson, who sends him on a journey across the continent. Training in Philly Lewis receives training and buy supplies for the journey; his famous temper is tested by a local. Ten Young Men from Kentucky Lewis stops in Clarksville to reunite with his old army friend Clark, York, and others. Lewis must decide if Clark will share equal command or be his Lieutenant. Fish Camp The Corps encounters the Oto tribe. Lewis is introduced to a number of diplomatic, medical, scientific, and survival challenges he will have to deal with the entire journey. Sgt. Floyd is deathly ill--can you save him? Standoff with the Teton Sioux Tensions rise after several misunderstandings with the Teton Sioux. Can you prevent an escalation into an all-out battle? Mandan Villages The Corps spends their winter among the Mandan Indians. Lewis tries to arrange a peace council between the Mandan, Hidasta, and Arikara tribes. But the Arikara are already allied with the Sioux and might benefit more from war. Into the Unknown The Corps prepares to push to the Pacific. They will be joined by Toussaint Charbonneau and his wife, Sacagawea: if Lewis is willing to pay their price. Meriwether's Nightmare [stretch goal] Lewis dreams about phantasmagorical things he thinks he might encounter: mammoths, giant ground sloths, Welsh-speaking Indians, and scaling the Great Salt Mountain. Great Falls Portage The Corps undertakes a grueling portage around the Great Falls of the Missouri. Lewis must obtain resources he needs to launch “The Experiment,” his cutting-edge collapsible boat, while Drouillard mounts an assault on the troublesome “white bears.” Searching for the Shoshone Sacagawea is reunited with her brother Cameahwait, from whom she was kidnapped years ago. Winter is coming. Can you cross the Rockies before it hits? Ocian in view! O! the joy The Corps reaches the Pacific. Now they must find a place to survive the hunger and privation brought about by a harsh winter. Homeward Bound The Corps prepares for the long journey home. This is its last chance to shore up supplies, but it is troubled by thieves and is tempted to retaliate in kind. Blackfeet Encounter A seemingly friendly encounter with a small band of Blackfeet turns hostile. Return to Mandan Villages Almost home, Lewis tries to convince Mandan and Hidatsa chiefs to join him on his return to Washington. The Corps bids adieu to some of its members. Return to The President’s House Lewis returns to a hero’s welcome and reports his findings back to Jefferson, who expresses his delight or disappointment, based on Lewis’s performance. Epilogue We learn the fate of key members of the Corps. Have a happy new year everyone! Josh and the Meriwether team Today's update features Carlos Hernandez, the project's lead writer, talking about how we're weaving together gameplay and storytelling in Meriwether . It comes at a great time, too, since just a few minutes ago we got our 500th and final early-bird backer! Just a reminder: though our single early-birds are sold out now, folks can still buy two copies of the game for $28. So just get your best buddy to chip in half and you both can get the game for $14! Backers and potential-backers, hello! This is Carlos, one of the game designers on Meriwether . My principal responsibilities are to write the dialogue and story arcs for the game, to create Wunderkammer entries, to supervise other writers, and to ensure continuity and quality in the narrative throughout. The team thought it’d be a good time for me to talk about some of the storytelling challenges inherent in Meriwether , and how we’ll be tackling those challenges. In Part I today, I want to give you a little more detail into the facet system and explain why we're so excited about it. Turning Player Choice into a Story Games depend on players making meaningful choices and seeing the consequences of those choices radiate throughout the game. But herein lies a problem for our game. By definition, history has already happened. So how can we allow players to influence the historical aspects of the game while still being true to it? One answer we’ve come up with lies in the “facet” dialogue system in Lewis levels. For you gamers, it’s similar to games like KOTOR and Mass Effect in that you can choose distinct personality paths for your character. But our system is much more nuanced. Instead of choosing Light Side or Dark, Paragon or Renegade, you choose between four distinct facets of Lewis’s position as a leader of the Corps of Discovery: Soldier, Leader, Diplomat and Scientist. Each of these facets is tied one of the common roles Lewis had to play, but each carries a philosophy with it as well. Sometimes a facet you choose will chart a course of action, but sometimes it will help to create the kind of Meriwether Lewis you want to play. In other words, you’ll customize your version of Lewis to fit the way you want to attack problems in the game. Here’s a breakdown of the philosophical underpinnings behind each facet: Soldier : Follow orders. Do your duty. The law is the law. Do anything for a fellow soldier. Defeat your enemies. Don’t be afraid to use force. Fight with courage. Leader : You are in charge because you have special gifts, training and insight. You are valiant, far-seeing, and worthy of respect. It is up to leaders like you to temper the law with good judgment. You should inspire those you lead, but sometimes you must make unpopular decisions. You are personally responsible for the safety of every person under your command. Diplomat : Peace should always be the first outcome to pursue. Everyone is entitled to decency and courtesy. Generosity will inspire generosity. Sometimes intangibles like goodwill and harmony are the best outcomes of a negotiation. Peace is a national priority, more important than personal feelings. Scientist : Where can I get more information? How does this work? Is this logical? Do I have enough evidence to support my ideas? How? Why? To what extent? You’re probably already imagining how these values will come into conflict with one another. Do I make nice with the British trapper who is obviously lying to me in order to try to get better prices on trade goods (diplomat vs. scientist)? Do I follow army regulations to the letter when disciplining my men, or show a little leniency (soldier vs. leader)? But choices won’t always be simple opposed pairings; sometimes you’ll have three or even all four facets to choose from for a single decision. Each time you choose a facet, two things happen. First, the consequences of that choice immediately begin to play out. If you decide not to have Private Willard executed for falling asleep at his post (a real choice the historical Lewis faced, and a real choice in the game), expect some of the Corps to appreciate your mercy, but others to begin questioning your resolve as a leader. For you lovers of speculative fiction, this is where the game wanders into the realm of Alternate History and we get to explore all those “What If?” possibilities with which the Lewis and Clark Expedition tantalizes us. Second, Lewis gets better at using the facet you selected. The more you use a given facet, the more adept you’ll become with it. This is important because some dialogue options will only be available if you have a high enough skill in the necessary facet. There’s a fifth facet to Lewis’s personality, one that I think really helps to make our character development unique among video games: “Melancholy.” You don’t gain skill in Melancholy as you do the other facets; in fact, you’ll probably want to use this facet as little as possible. But you will have to choose it sometimes. The Melancholy facet is meant to reflect the black moods, self-critical analyses, and temper that were all a part of Lewis’s character. Think of it as a thermometer that rises every time you engage in dialogue and don’t select it. Once Melancholy reaches its “boiling point,” you have to choose it in lieu of any other (more helpful) dialogue option. The trick for players will be figuring out how to diffuse Lewis’s Melancholy before it forces them to say something they wish they hadn’t to the wrong person. What excites me so much about the Melancholy facet is that it uses gameplay to shed light on Lewis’s personality. In most RPGs, dialogue is used primarily either for info. dumps or quest assignments. When dialogue has a genuine gameplay aspect of its own, usually what players try to do is “say the right thing” to maximize their abilities or inventory in the game--"Oh, thank you for complimenting my outfit; now you may have the Sword of Pwnage +39!"--rather than thinking about “What would this character say in this situation”? In other words, one of the most essential aspects of the tabletop roleplay experience, acting in-character, is all but absent from the CRPG genre. Our facet system will not only encourage you to to develop a character that fits with your favorite way of tackling problems in a game, but, through the Melancholy facet, confront you with Lewis’s foibles and failings as a person. Taken together, we hope to present a nuanced portrait of a great American hero who also happened to be a flawed human being. In my next update, I'll give you a behind-the-scenes look at some of the major story arcs we're using to tell the tales of other members of the Corps of Discovery. Until then! Here's a quick video to introduce you to our amazing audio guy, Jim Welch. Also, we only have 25 early-bird editions left, so this is the last chance for your friends to get the game cheap! <url>"member, Corps of Discovery", or some variation of your choice. We're at $22k. Let's try to get to $25k by the end of the weekend. Thanks so much everyone! Josh and the Meriwether team Hey Backers! We're doing an AMA on reddit right now. AMA stands for "Ask Me Anything". This is your opportunity to ask us whatever you want, no holds barred, about the game, Lewis and Clark, being an indie game developer, or literally anything else. It's also an opportunity to hear from some of our other team members: Carlos, Kyle, and Carol. We also need your help to ensure that lots of people see this. It's really easy to sign up, and if you upvote the AMA, it will get more visibility. But good content is even more important, so your questions will help us all reach our goal. Thanks for all your support and for getting us to $20k! <url>’re just about to hit $20k! In preparation for this final push, here’s our exciting list of stretch goals. These features are the icing on the cake but we are dying to put them in. Help us reach the end! Also, we’ll be doing a Reddit AMA tomorrow afternoon starting around 2pm. Start thinking of questions you’d like to ask us about the game, Lewis and Clark, or anything at all. I’ll be posting the link tomorrow when it’s live. Lewis's Outfits + Girandoni Air Rifle Our first stretch goal will allow Lewis to don attire that will enhance his stats. Want to impress the men with your authority? You should probably put on your class-A dress uniform. Engaging in a little diplomacy with the Sioux? Dressing in buckskin will make you seem as familiar to them as the French and English traders they know so well. There will be outfits for hunting, soldierly camaraderie, and collecting scientific samples. Each outfit gives you a boost in one or more of the facets. And then there's the creme de la creme: The Girandoni Air Rifle . This rifle was a marvel for its time. It has an incredibly fast rate-of-fire, and because it was powered by air, there was no gun report and no muzzle flash. If we make this stretch goal, the air rifle will be your silent-killer alternative to your 1803 contract rifle. You may fire when ready! Endless Arcade Mode Make the fun last forever! Travel mode levels are, as you know, procedurally generated. If we reach this stretch goal, we'll create an option at the title screen to let you play sequential travel levels for as long as you can survive. Each time you beat a Travel Level in the main game, you'll open up those terrains and hazards as options in Endless Arcade mode. Create crazy, grueling boards to test yourself against, then share them with your friends! Bonus level: Meriwether’s Nightmare (plus double scholarships!) With every game, some great ideas end up on the cutting room floor. Here's one we would love to introduce back in the game. We wanted to capture the deep mystery that surrounded the lands acquired in the Louisiana Purchase through a dream-sequence. At the time, Americans thought of those lands the same way we might imagine a science-fiction world: filled with lush, bizarre plants, merciless superpredators, and people whose customs, appearance, and language were so different from their own, they seemed almost alien. To help embody that thinking, we want Lewis to have a dream before he actually heads out where all of America's unconscious fears are portrayed. You'll hunt wooly mammoths and giant ground sloths , council with Welsh-speaking Indians , and climb a mountain made entirely of salt, among other phantasmagorical challenges. History meets fantasy in this level where Lewis must master his trepidation and find the courage to voyage into the unknown! Plus, if we reach this level we will match all the scholarships y'all have donated! Full Voiceover Voiceover for the game has been on our wishlist for a long time, but it's very expensive to do well. But if we can hit the lofty goal of $65,000, we will have the funds we need to bring all the enrichment that actors can bring to the game through voice-acting for every conversation in the game. Voiceover will be directed and engineered by our amazing Jim Welch, who is also composing our music and sound effects. The Corps of Discovery shared three Christmas’s together, over the course of which they grew as a “band of brothers.” Winters were especially difficult because, aside from the cold, they were cooped up and there was so much downtime. Their first Christmas in 1803 was especially trying, as the fledgling corps encamped outside of St. Louis at Camp Dubois. Several of the men got drunk, and two even got into a fight. More fighting continued throughout this first winter. However, by Christmas 1804, they had truly solidified as a team. There was no more fighting, and the Captains issued a type of rum called tafia to the men, along with niceties like flour, dried apples, and pepper, “to celebrate Christmas in a proper and social manner.” They danced to Cruzatte's fiddle music and a festive holiday was had by all. Their final winter, on the Pacific coast in modern-day Oregon, was cold, wet, and dreary. They had long since run out of alcohol, and food was scarce. Clark wrote that they ate “pore Elk boiled, Spoilt fish &amp; Some roots, a bad Christmass diner [sic].” Despite the conditions, they were generally in good spirits and still had plenty of gunpowder, so they continued their yearly custom of firing off a salute for both Christmas and to ring in the new year. The captains gave the men the remaining tobacco and some silk handkerchiefs. Clark was the only one who recorded his presents: a fleece shirt, socks, moccasins, a basket, roots, and, from Sacagawea, the incredibly generous gift of two dozen white weasel tails. As always, the Lewis and Clark Expedition offers us many lessons, this time in regard to how to celebrate the season: remembering what's important in life, showing our gratitude to family and friends, and about being grateful for the blessings we enjoy every day. As Private Whitehouse wrote about that Christmas in 1805: "[We] are mostly in good health. A blessing, which we esteem more, than all the luxuries this life can afford, and the party are all thankful to the Supreme Being, for his goodness towards us—hoping he will preserve us in the same, &amp; enable us to return to the United States again in safety.” We wish for you and yours a safe, happy, and joyous holiday season. Here's hoping you get something in your stocking that's a little better than spoilt fish and roots! Josh and the Meriwether team We're happy to announce that we are now offering a couple add-ons. All add-ons are available at the Trading Post ($50) level and higher. Just add the appropriate amount to your pledge using the Manage Pledge button at the top of the Kickstarter site. You may add both add-ons, or multiples of each. Let us know if there are other add-ons you'd like and we'll do our best to accommodate. Finally, thank you all for the amazing response so far! We're almost at $20,000--when we hit it we'll announce our stretch goals, so tell your friends! Meriwether Collector's Box: $10 Many of you collectors have asked us for a box, and we're happy to oblige! Keep this beautiful box on your shelf to show your support and store your trading post goodies. Please note that this does not include a DVD, so if you would like a copy of the game in the box, make sure to choose the USB drive as well. Scholarship Add-on: $6 Others of you have wanted to provide a "scholarship" edition but still get some of the other rewards for yourself. Now you can do that too. Just add $6 above your pledge to give a free copy of the game to the high school, college, library, museum, or after-school program, of your choice, or to add to a general pool which we will offer to interested institutions. It's been another great week for us here at Meriwether HQ. With three weeks still left in our campaign, we're at 42% of our goal, so we are trucking right along to our magic number of $35,000. To help us get there, we've been busily trying to get the word out about the game. Last Friday, we had the honor of appearing on Kick-a-Thon . Kick-a-Thon is the brainchild of the Sword of Fargoal team, who ran a nailbiter of a campaign a few months back and successfully were funded for $50,000 to develop Sword of Fargoal 2. They were so chuffed by their success, which happened in part because of the Kick-a-Thon they ran to raise the money to make the Kickstarter a success, that they've decided to pay it forward by hosting Kickstarter projects on future Kick-a-Thons. We were delighted to take questions from Jeff McCord and the entire Kick-a-Thon team. Not only are these guys great game designers, but they know their American History and asked us excellent questions about how we are going to bring history to life in Meriwether. You can catch the interview on YouTube here: <url>" the new gaming Americana ", and a second piece associating us with Assasin's Creed 3 as well as my favorite Chris Farley movie, Almost Heroes. - TIGSource had an exclusive opportunity to play an early build and described it as "extremely involving." - Play the Past ran an interview with Barb and I, focusing on our historical process, while Caffeineforge interviewed me about the game mechanic. - Operation Rainfall gave us a glowing endorsement and jokingly referreded to Meriwether as "Oregon Trail: [Expletive] Just Got Real." We love it! - And finally, Rock, Paper Shotgun has included us in their weekly Kickstarter Katchup and states "Meriwether is absolutely fascinating." We can't thank you enough for your continued support of the project, and we will do everything in our power to reward your faith in us with a game you'll love. Excelsior! Josh and the Meriwether team The Lewis and Clark story is just as much about the places they went as anything else. By immersing players in a 3D world that is heavily inspired by those locales, we allow them to experience the expedition in a visceral way. It allows us to tell a story of exploration, not just on a grand scale, but also in the moment-to-moment interactions. Art Style Right off the bat, we knew we wanted the art style to be stylized in some way, rather than photorealistic. But since we are doing our best to be historically accurate with every detail, we set ourselves some constraints. The proportions of people, objects, and buildings need to be as realistic as possible. However lighting, textures and colors should be exaggerated, stylized, and oversaturated. Because the characters are symbolic and larger than life, we hope that this stylization can remind people of the historical nature of the game. We also decided to put an outline on characters. This is both a stylistic and a functional decision: since the spaces in the game are so large, the outlines on characters help them stand out from the background. Graphical User Interface The design of the Graphical User Interface (GUI) reflects that Lewis had (for the time) state-of-the-art technology and scientific training. Most of the GUI doesn’t represent actual items, but we try to make it inspired by those “high-tech” tools he had with him such as his chronometer, microscope, hydrometers, theodolite, and Hadley’s quadrant. Character Design The Corps of Discovery had a number of different styles of clothing they would wear for different occasions, such as formal uniforms, hunting frocks, and buckskins. Also, because the Corps was a mixture of volunteer recruits and enlisted men (mostly infantry, but some from artillery units), the men had different uniforms. Not to mention, as the journey progressed, their clothing deteriorated, and at points many of the men were essentially in rags. We want to reflect all these styles of clothing. We also need to represent a wide array of characters in an iconic way. Our initial inclination was for the clothing of the men to change over the course of the expedition. But we realized it would be difficult for players to distinguish between characters because their look would be constantly changing. So instead, we choose a specific uniform that represents that character’s personality or role in the expedition, and they wear it throughout. (It’s the same reason why in The Simpsons, Bart is always wearing the same red shirt and blue shorts.) Through choices such as these, we think we have achieved a sensible balance between our goals of being true to the history and making a fun, engaging game. We have another really exciting endorsement to share with you. Dr. Moulton is the editor of The Journals of the Lewis and Clark Expedition , the definitive, thirteen-volume edition of the Corps' journals. He is a friend and advisor of the project, and he's kind of a celebrity in Lewis and Clark circles. Here's what he has to say about MERIWETHER: "Having worked with the core documents of the Lewis and Clark expedition for twenty years as editor of the explorers’ journals, I’m impressed with the dedication Josh has given to achieving historical accuracy. And as an experienced game designer, he also knows how to create elements of challenge and excitement in this endeavor. I’m certain that Josh’s work will bring not only a new dimension to this exciting story but will also win a new generation to the timeless event." Meriwether has two types of levels: Lewis Levels and Travel Levels. As you’ve seen in our video, Lewis levels are more narratively focused. Now here’s a look into the specifics of Travel levels. (N.B. Everything in this post is subject to change; that’s the nature of iterative game design. We’re constantly revising and refining our ideas based on how the game plays.) In Travel levels, you have one week to travel a certain distance (depending on your mode of transportation). Often you will have additional goals, such as to find a lost Corps member, or to observe new flora, flora, or land features. You must do this while maintaining the Corps’ morale and resources, and avoiding hazards and dangers along the way. Travel levels are procedurally generated. You’ll traverse terrain such as mountains, plains, roads, and rivers. Here I’m going to focus on my favorite part: the Missouri river. Here’s how we generate the level: 1. First we choose a start and end point for the river. 2. Then we use an algorithm called “Drunken A*” (pronounced “A-star”) to generate a path for the river. 3. We then generate terrain around the river, comprising of other terrain features likes prairies, mountains, forests, and tributaries 4. Finally, we add content to the level, such as plants and animals you can observe, trees to use a fuel and for repairs, villages to trade with, river hazards like rapids and “sawyers” (sharp logs in the water), and land hazards like prickly pear cacti, rattlesnakes, and the occasional—but always terrifying—grizzly. River path generated by Drunken A* algorithm The Fleet Every day (turn), your fleet of pirogues, canoes, and your keelboat moves up the river. You can speed up or slow down, but you must maintain at least a minimum speed to stay on-schedule. If you go too slow or push the men too hard, they will lose morale: but that’s why you brought whiskey. The fleet serves as your home base for sending out exploration parties. Exploration Parties Each day you may send out two exploration parties: one lead by one of the captains (the other captain must always stay with the fleet) and the other lead by one of the other men, often a hunter or scout. In addition, each party includes a few “ redshirts ”. The higher your Leader stat, the more Corps members will accompany you. Each character has a different set of stats and special skills. Here are a few examples: When you send out a party from the fleet, you have a fixed amount of time to explore the environment and act upon it. You may encounter resources, such as fuel, food, or scientific samples, which you can send back to the fleet with one of your “redshirts”. If you’re the only one left, you can choose to bring it back yourself and end your turn prematurely. If you have a scouting party, you might look around for landmarks to send Clark to map, or clear a safe way for the fleet. Sgt. Pryor and 3 "redshirts" gathering wood for fuel Like the actual journey, Travel levels are difficult and unforgiving. But they’re also fun, fast, and replayable. If you’re unsuccessful or unhappy with your progress, you can play again. When a level is replayed, the game recreates the level with similar qualities, but in a different configuration, so you still get that sense of wonder that comes with exploration and discovery. I'm excited to share another glowing endorsement from Richard Lemarchand, lead designer on the Uncharted series, and now Associate Professor at USC. Thanks Richard! "We've barely begun to explore the opportunities for learning about history that narrative videogames have to offer. In working on the Uncharted series, we hoped to inspire our audience's curiosity about the real-life historical mysteries at the heart of Nathan Drake's adventures. Now Meriwether: An American Epic is going to take an important step forward in terms of bringing together great gameplay with reality-based drama, and will explore the 'what ifs?' of this fascinating episode in American history. Please join me in helping to Kickstart this great game project." About five years ago, Carlos and I (Josh) were both looking for opportunities to playtest board games that we were designing. We met online on the board game designers forum ( bgdf.com ) and went on to start a monthly group for NYC area designers to bring their prototypes. When I started conceptualizing Meriwether, I knew that a narratively based game like this needed a strong writer, and Carlos was the man for the job. Yesterday we had our monthly meeting and we think this is a great to show you about our team's origin. What a thrilling first day! We couldn't be more excited: 10% of our goal met within the first 24 hours! Thanks so much to our backers. The positive response we've been getting about MERIWETHER is just inspiring. We couldn't be more grateful. We're proud to announce that our first update features none other than one of the most celebrated game designers working today: Eric Zimmerman. Eric's the co-author of THE textbook on game design, RULES OF PLAY, and is a founding professor of the NYU Game Center. 2012 has been a banner year even by Eric's standards. INTERFERENCE, his museum-installation-sized game collaboration with Nathalie Pozzi, was exhibited in Pairs and Dublin this year, and won IndieCade's Interaction Award. Also at IndieCade, Eric and John Sharp's ARMADA D6 won the 2012 award for Game Design, the festival's biggest prize. Eric has collaborated with Josh and several MERIWETHER team members on a number of projects over the years and has been following development on MERIWETHER since the beginning, so we're really stoked to share the nice things he has to say about the game. Have a look! <url>