Happy Thanksgiving I am writing to inform you that all sculpts have been handed to the agent for the Asian manufacturer and we expect a timeline early next week for delivery. We will post that timeline as soon as we have that information. All other details and conditions remain the same since the lost update. Hello Our current sculptors, Eric and Soto, have cast hard wax version soft the casteline models and from them have created masters which have been sent to Asia for production. It has been decided that we should use a company that does this all of the time, rather than have a part-time person committed to the company- esp. since the company will only be producing enough resin figures to satisfy KS. Once we have the samples in-hand and approved, we will have a date for delivery provided to us by the manufacturer. After all minis are delivered, and reviewed by this community, if anyone wishes a refund, refunds will be provided as company revenue allows. In no instance do we want people to be stuck with paying for something that is not to their taste. And, we acknowledge and respect that our taste is not the taste of everyone. In no instance will the company cease business until all KS pledgers are satisfied one way or the other. If anyone chooses to upgrade from resin minis (which we assume are being used for gaming on tabletops) to metal and/or fine metal minis, credit can be applied and the change in reward will be made. Exactly which minis will be available in metals will be posted on the adwgames.com site later this month, again under the auspices and direction of our two primary sculptors, who will be handling fulfillment and satisfaction moving forward. In keeping with the exact promise to deliver hand-sculpted miniatures, our new sculpting team has chosen to press aggressively forward in the tradition of formally-trained European animaliers, rather than the hyper-stylized, overly violent pop-sculptor tropes (which we never set out to recreate, or compete with, in the first place). In cooperation with ADW Games, Soto T. is releasing limited-edition sculpts of all IAM in resin (to fulfill this particular KS Campaign), before they are discontinued and cast only in metals. Sculpts in this promotional poster are 99% finished, with small wax detailing being attended to before Masters are cast. <url>"Ice Age Mammals" is a miniature property and owns common law trademark that is verified through the KS Campaign itself. Specifically, this includes "Terror Birds" and the specific, illustrated IAM offered in the KS Campaign as they specifically relate to the world of miniatures. This IP has belonged to the Company well in advance of any KS Campaign, and is defined by the actual instantiation and application of the extinct animals in a particular context, i.e., as miniatures for games and collectibles and as a part of a fictional world, Doggerland; 2. One (of four) sculptors was hired by the company under a contract agreement which specified that The "Sculptor" would deliver, over the course of her employment, sculpts of IAM mammals, for which The "Sculptor" was provided extensive reference art and coaching by ADW staff. At no point was the "Sculptor", or any artist, a Partner of the Company or KS, nor or Co-Creator of the IAM IP. Furthermore, no employee has IP rights assigned to them if they simply choose to quit and steal same. The employment contracts were extensive and explicit in outlining trade secrets, duties, requirements, obligations, the non transfer of rights and non-invention by the contracted employee. Now, regarding this "Sculptor": The "Sculptor" was unemployed when The "Sculptor" answered the ad for ADW. The "Sculptor" has no history working in game miniatures. The "Sculptor" has no history of having sculpted animals. The "Sculptor" started a competing company the day the IAM met its KS goal. The "Sculptor" and certain "Pledgers" for the IAM KS Campaign are using all of the extinct animal IP for the miniature/game industry in a new, competing enterprise. (That is like starting a Dungeon and Dragons company, called Dungeons and Dragons, once a minor artist on the team saw the first investment come in the door.) There has been chatter about a "con". The above provides the outline of the true "con" game. To the specifics of the breach in contract and the intent to defraud the KS Pledgers and the KS Campaign: 1. No sculpts were handed into ADW at any time- which was breach of the "Sculptor's" contract ; 2. No time cards were handed into ADW at any time- which was breach of the "Sculptor's" contract; 3. Once the IAM KS was met its goal the "Sculptor" "quit" the company, again, without handing in a single sculpt, and after having misappropriated $1000 in materials from the company- which was breach of the "Sculptor's" contract and, as we will see, much more; 4. The "Sculptor" immediately started a competing company began contacting IAM Pledgers to purchase from her and to undermine ADW-which was breach of the "Sculptor's" contract, and, again, as we will see, much more; 5. The "Sculptor" continued to contact all ADW vendors, Business Partners and Pledgers for Band of Gnomes, including Andrea Sfilgoloi who breached his contract to publish Band of Gnomes and chose to encourage and support the actions of the which was breach of the "Sculptor" while The "Sculptor" endeavoured to - which was breach of contract and tortuous interference on the "Sculptor's" part; 6. The "Sculptor" teamed up with Andrea Sfigoloi, who suggested they The "Sculptor" change her name, and a Hearthstone miniatures to offer the exact miniatures that The "Sculptor" refused to hand into IAM while under contract - which is copyright infringement, trademark infringement and trade secret appropriation. (see, below) 7. The "Sculptor" chose to cover her intent and tracks with ad hominem attacks against the KS team and individuals on the team, as did the Pledgers the "Sculptor" contacted to support the activities. The intent, as we see it, was for a failing sculptor with no career to pretend to join a company in order to study their product and instantly knock it off if the KS was successful. With a handful of Pledgers, it seems as if The "Sculptor" is momentarily successful in stealing the intellectual property that is the registered and validated property of a U.S. Company. What The "Sculptor", and the few Pledgers who are "siding" with her actions, fails to understand is that her actions, and the actions of the Pledgers, are in violation of civil and criminal law, and a violation of the goodwill of the common Pledgers who supported the IAM KS in good faith. To wit: Copyright infringement is reproducing, distributing, displaying or performing a work, or to make derivative works, without permission from the copyright holder, which is typically a published or other business representing or assigned by the work's creator. It is often called "piracy".[45] While copyright is created the instance a work is fixed, generally the copyright holder can only get money damages if the owner registers the copyright. Enforcement of copyright is generally the responsibility of the copyright holder.[46] The ACTA trade agreement, signed in May 2011 by the United States, Japan, Switzerland, and the EU, requires that its parties add criminal penalties, including incarceration and fines, for copyright and trademark infringement, and obligated the parties to active police for infringement.[47][48] There is a safe harbor to use copyrighted works under the fair use doctrine. Trademark infringement occurs when one party uses a trademark that is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by another party, in relation to products or services which are identical or similar to the products or services of the other party. As with copyright, there are common law rights protecting a trademark, but registering a trademark provides legal advantages for enforcement. Infringement can be addressed by civil litigation and, in several jurisdictions, under criminal law. In the United States, the Trademark Counterfeiting Act of 1984 criminalized the intentional trade in counterfeit goods and services and ACTA amplified the penalties.[47][48] Trade secret misappropriation is different from violations of other intellectual property laws, since by definition trade secrets are secret, while patents and registered copyrights and trademarks are publicly available. In the United States, trade secrets are protected under state law, and states have nearly universally adopted the Uniform Trade Secrets Act. The United States also has federal law in the form of the Economic Espionage Act of 1996 (18 U.S.C. §§ 1831–1839), which makes the theft or misappropriation of a trade secret a federal crime. This law contains two provisions criminalizing two sorts of activity. The first, 18 U.S.C. § 1831(a), criminalizes the theft of trade secrets to benefit foreign powers. The second, 18 U.S.C. § 1832, criminalizes their theft for commercial or economic purposes. (The statutory penalties are different for the two offenses.) In Commonwealth common law jurisdictions, confidentiality and trade secrets are regarded as an equitable right rather than a property right but penalties for theft are roughly the same as the United States. At this point in time, we are seeking to protect the Company, her original creatives and holders of the IP, and those who Pledged in good faith. In addition, we are investigating our legal options regarding those Pledgers that have contacted and supported the "Sculptor". We will be taking all legal action available against any and all parties that have violated the intellectual property rights of ADWGAMES, or have libeled ADWGAMES in an effort to promote the sale of stolen property from same. Thankfully, this process is assisted by the fact that the parties involved have proudly announced (on public forums and via direct email to myself) that they are taking over the IP of ADW and that they have no concern for the rule of law governing same. I would have hoped that the community would have come down on the side of the creator- which in this case is ADWGAMES, and while the majourity have, we are shocked and dismayed that a select few are supporting, and comprising a team, that are not only willfully and blatantly infringing on the rights of the team that did create the IAM IP, but are casually dismissing the U.S. and international laws that protect the creators and owners of intellectual property. As such, we are looking into all legal remedies offered by the law, as outlined, above, regarding all parties mentioned above, for this truly horrifying turn of events, and extreme violation of the public trust. Why bring this up now? Illegal activity of this sort just causes delays for the Campaign rewards and diminish the protections for all creatives, be they writers or programmers or independent business people, and it certainly effects all future KS Campaigners, that may seek to develop their own IP in the future. As the legal proceedings move forward, we will keep you informed. Note: this in no way effects ADWGAMES commitment to fulfill on the IAM Campaign. At most, it unnecessarily and unreasonably has slowed down the process. And, we remain committed to delivering to those Pledgers whose trust has been violated by the actions of those who have devoted their conscious actions to COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK AND TRADE SECRET INFRINGEMENT . We look forward to a satisfying resolution to this matter in the very near future and to providing you with the miniatures and content that were developed by the core team many years ago. Hello. This is Susan Taylor. As you know, I am handling fulfillment of this KS Campaign moving froward. This Update is to inform you that as of last week, there has been a change in management for ADWGAMES, and subsequently, this Campaign. We will have a significant Update of miniature photos posted on Oct. 10, 2014 and October 17, 2104, comprising, close to 100% of the miniatures and stretch goals for the Campaign. Shortly thereafter, we will begin production and delivery. Thank you for your patience. <email> Following the exchange of comments on this Kickstarter Campaign earlier in the week, Laurence Elkins, and the Company have decided to amicably and mutually part ways. From Mr. Elkins: "It has become quite obvious that I do not have the temperament, or anger threshold level, to interact with Internet communications that turn abusive and non-social for the sake of being same. As such, I am removing myself from ADWGAMES and her KS Campaigns. Please note that none of my comments were sanctioned, condoned by ADWGAMES, and my posting on the comment section of the KS Campaign was done so without their knowledge, consent or review. I wish both the ADWGAMES team and the quiet, decent customers found on KS, the best of luck and success. And, I apologize if I let a few personal attacks from aggressive Pledgers get the best of me and diminish the quality of communication from the ADWGAMES side." All future corporate correspondence should direct directed to Susan Taylor: <email>. Schedule for production before Mr. Elkins left was is approximately two weeks. We currently believe it will take an extra week due to this change in talent resources. ADWGAMES apologizes for the unsupervised actions related to this series of communcations. Next mini coming up today: <url>"finish" the sculpt we will be using cloth, then brushes, with d-Limonene for smoothing and polishing. As we have a lot of sculpts to complete in short order, we have chosen to sculpt all of the minis THEN finish with d-Limonene. So, no one panic and think that this is what will be cast in silicon. The finishing process will begin the final week of September. The grid on which the beast stands is 28mm square. We will have 2-3 new sculpts to show you tomorrow. Works-in-Progress. Camera battery died. Will Update will final versions of the above + Gigantopithecus blacki and Megistotherium on Sunday morning PST. Things move fast now. All of the miniatures have (proper-scale) sculpey armatures completed. It is all detailing now. Three guys. part time. Yes, we have another KS to complete, as well, but we will finish both before the end of the month. With casteline we will need to create silicon masters, so the models do not melt, and then go to the resin casting step. But, right now, we want to show you progress on the sculpts you have been waiting for. SO: as before: Friday and Sunday Updates. Thanks for holding in there. (Finished) Megistotherium and Embolotherium sculpt photos will be uploaded here and on the adwgames.com site on Friday. Ladies and Gentlemen: We're doing our best under less than ideal circumstances. We apologize for how communication has gotten out of hand and would like to start over. We're working hard to try to keep it from happening, but it is possible that delivery on this campaign will be delayed. We will continue to provide weekly updates, both with progress and with more information on whether a delay will happen. Re: our progress while we wait for wax. The furniture and the mushrooms for Sea Monsters are all blocked out and just waiting for the final wax, as well as all of the IAM minis. So, if I really pump the caffeine with the team, I hope to get all giant sized sea-monsters completed, the furniture completed, the mushrooms completed, and for (for IAM) all terror birds and 4 IAM not previously seen completed within a week. It looks like we are on track to have all Sea Monster and IAM sculpts done by month's end, and cast immediately thereafter. We appreciate your patience. We will be updating photos on IAM Tuesday and Friday of next week. [Lars] In response to the various concerns and misunderstanding re: updates on IAM 1. I clearly stated that we would not be tending to the "Comment" section of the IAM KS. If it is unclear: we will be posting updates weekly on IAM KS, and updating more frequently on the adwgames.com site. A link has been provided for that update page several times. 2. I will post an "Update" every Friday until the miniatures have been delivered on both KS Campaigns; 3. The core duty before us, and we know this very well, is the move past the poor hiring choices that have put us behind schedule and move forward with new sculpts and more information. We chose the adwgames.com update page as the vehicle to achieve this, because It appears to the 5 people currently working on various aspects of this project, as if there is a small group of posting Pledgers on the IAM KS that sincerely hope we do not deliver, and are intent on driving hysteria towards that goal. That is counterproductive for our team and for the Pledgers that have placed their trust in us to fulfill. This is why we have chosen the new way of reporting progress outside of the comment section. Important Notice: As of today, all future communication re: this project will be posted on <url>"IT" today and getting ready for the wax to get here. I am almost tempted to photograph the substandard pieces that our team will be fixing this week, but I will save it for the before/after photoshoot. So: hit me up if you need anything at all. _Lars_ Mini-update. The basic scale of the minis handed in a few days back were correct. The details and finishing were awful. So: we save time with the basic scale, even if we lose time with detail. Detail is mainly face, feet, fangs and fur and most of that becomes routine after 1000s hours of practice. So, no real worry there. I will be Dremeling down the base sculpts and using the Sculpy figures as armature for the Castilene detail level. This is what we initially thought we would have to do, once I came on board to salvage the project from the perils previously detailed. The level of detail required is a bit more than expected, but we are not in need of starting from zero. We will be casting in Resin. I will be casting a few items in silver, as well. Spec. five early elephants in a variety of scales. This will be available on the adwgame site, once we get past the casting and can devote time to the site, as well as through fine jewelry retailers, most of whom we have worked with before in different capacities. I will also be overseeing the freebies being gifted at the Sea Monster KS. My time is paid for, so this is something that will happen without fail. I would suggest that everyone go a Pledge over a single dollar for the 30 piece furniture and fungus set I will be shipping out in November. That should be a fair trade for your worries during our time of HR shakeups. And, then, with a little luck and a lot of hard work, we will be going full steam around the Holidays with the various mythological creatures, which will be a mix of CAD and hand sculpted. Since I will have the 3D printer at the office in a few weeks, and time in November, I am going to look at CADing the 15mm Doggerland pieces and looking into a 28mm version of the Fortress of Apples (that was abandoned by the sculptor who signed on board never handed anything in). Regarding Doggerland, I am adverse to developing a new rule set. As such, for the first 1/4 of 2015 we will be issuing armies for other rule sets, and sourcebooks for what our Doggerland denizen/minis represent. I like simple rules done by established companies. I am suggesting we go with something along these lines: <url>"Sea Monsters, Terrain and BIg Beasts". A lot of ala carte selections and huge discounts. All Sea Monsters will be historic. All Big Beasts are fantasy. Terrain is a mixture of both, really. I will have lots of finished models and the team will be working on new models throughout the new Campaign, with the goal of having everything finished before that Campaign ends, so there is no confusion on our model-production schedule and/or approach. Delivery for this KS is estimated to be late October. Most importantly, there will be room for requests. The current team of sculptors are fast and seasoned. We are all hand-sculptors, and can make versions in minutes, not days. You will note that we are not offering any people or Gnomes in this next one? Why? All future adventurer characters will be created in Blender and with a master model printed on a 3D wax printer, the kind used for jewelry and dental work. Why? Because none of us like building small characters, and we all have a fairly good understanding of Blender from previous client work and university. We will be putting out a weird assortment of Gnomes, from a Victorian Doggerland setting, close to the Holidays, along with all of the smaller mythological creatures that no one has found interesting enough to manufacturer. We can call it the Midnight Circus, if you like. There will be a Pathfinder sourcebook, that will be available with this Collection, as well. Just background information we think is useful. None of us have had a chance to sit down and talk, so we provide this, and other non-Ice Age Mammal info as context, so you can get a sense of who you are dealing with, and where we are going with ADW Games. For those of you who do want more Ice Age Mammals, but did not Pledge enough, we will offer Ice Age Mammals at the same price as the Mammals here, as add-ons. This is a huge saving, actually, as some of the minis will be $40-50 retail, rather than the expected $15-20. Finalyl, I am charge of final review and adjustments on all Ice Age Mammal minis. So, I will be added final textures (if needed) and new poses (if desired). There is an interpretation of a Unitatherium which I feel tends toward the playful, comic look that some of you prefer. I will sculpt a more aggressive version for those of you that play in a different style. You can choose between the two when it is time to receive your order. Other than that, thank you for your patience, your interest, and for the overwhelming majority of you, your goodwill and support. I can be reached at <email> at any time to answer questions. Other than that, this week will only see two more Updates, and those will include photos of every mini offered in this KS Campaign. All the Best, Lars A Set of Sea Monsters will be part of the next KS. This beastie is based off of the 16th Century Sea Bishop, and he is 2 hours from completion. The other 9 Sea Monsters will all be based on historic creatures, as well. New Sloth with ruler, a WIP Musk OX and a 28mm reference piece. The first few photos are pre-Dremel/Proxxon. The last are post- Dremel/Proxxon and pre-final detailing. New Sloth needs one more detail pass and he is finished. Mainly hair details and de-burring, plus a little nostril detailing. And, I believe he gets GreenStuff eyeballs and eyelids tomorrow morning, as well. You can also see our magnifying lamp, a Proxxon and one of our desks. Including the Musk Ox, we will have four revealed tomorrow + a giant War Gomphotherium (which is really an extra that will be available to purchase next week) With the base sculpts now complete for all models, we are beginning to rotate into adding faces, fur and fangs to all models with Milliput. Finally, we will sand the feet, add pads to the paws, remove any fingerprints, add any minute detailing that may be required and fix any imperfections before the first cast. two milliput layers. test resin. dremel. patch. new master. perfection. Well. Sloth requires a different casting method than the centrifugal casting machine. As such, she will be around $70 retail. This does not effect those of you who get her as part of your Pledge. It just makes her more expensive then was planned moving forward. Band of Gnomes KS may have an interesting Terrain Level for the Ice Age Pledgers: FUNGI AND MUSHROOM TERRAIN LEVEL- One each of: 1x1 Stinkhorn 2x1 Giant Bird's nest Fungus 1x1 Cannonball fungi pillar 1x1 Earthstar fungi 1x1 Bleeding Tooth 1x1 Amethyst Deceiver 1x1 Entoloma hochstetteri 1x1 Beefsteak Fungus 1x1 Devil’s Bolete 1x1 Scarlet Elf Cup Retail: $100 Pledge: $40 You can mix and match. Ships Early September! This is the level for people decorating their caverns or dungeons, for people who want special Fungi rules, for people that want something different than bushes for soft cover, or for people interested in natural history new pose in progress... Two of three Hyenas in line before the Andrewsaurus gets new teeth and a final Sculpt Final face and feet will be part of the Milliput layer detailing. Hi All: ADWGames has recently partnered with Woodland Scenics and we will be building three 4'x4' terrain battle boards for Ice Age Mammals and Band of Gnomes. The first map is a mountain foothill with rambling stream scene. We will be building it in four 1'x1' sections. Draw a map that we can build and, if we use it, we will add 10 free minis to your Pledge Reward! This is open to anyone, so if you have a friend who is good at this sort of thing, split the minis. :) This beautiful,hand-drawn sketch is by Andrea Sfiligoi, re: initial thoughts for BoG terrain and spell walls. We at ADW have a few more, but we would like to hear what you want. We have a few days left to the BoG KS, and we want to make certain we allocate time and resources to what our Ice Age team is looking for next. And, remember, if you are using something like Dungeon Tiles, we need to know exactly how wide you need a piece to be to work for your needs. Thanks! All Phase 1 sculpts, but you can see a raccoon peeping. He is a non-combatant. Most walls will be complete by Monday for BoG and all of the basic sculpts for Ice Age will have gone into Phase 2 by Monday. So, next week at the studio is BoG Skirmish Game + Terrain, and stretch goals for Ice Age Mammals. Yes. BoG Terrain will have its own Pledge level. You will not be required to purchase the game to access the terrain. 28mm ice Wall with frozen Dwarf Head and Misc Sword on front. Useful when defending oneself against hungry giant animals. (early sculpt phase 1) A few questions arose about scale during the KS Campaign. So, we will include the Gnome with all future photos. Again, this model of Andrew S. is the base model, base skeleton, base musculature and basic dynamic pose. This is a ~15-minute study for the rat pose requested yesterday. Obviously, this is a dynamic pose, only. Armature, correct skeleton, basic musculature complete, but not worked out hardened, sanded, detailed, in any way. Obvious errs include the tail being a bit too big, front paw in an ackward poosition, etc... Scale is slightly bigger than rats 1 &amp; 2. This guy's shoulders are close to 5' high. He is a truly giant rat. This is a very very early study of a giant rat in a more, typical agressive stance. Obviously, before any detailing. Only the correct stance and the correct scale, at the moment. Very early sculpt. Pre-everything, except scale and pose. Pre-Sanding/Pre-Milliput First pose only. The second pose is on all fours. As a size reference, we have this rat's shoulders about 4' from the ground. Pre-Sanding and Pre-Milliput detailing. Looks like the first draft of Band of Gnomes ruleset will be available in a few days. If anyone is from the game industry and would like to preview the rules, please send us your credentials and we will consider you for the preview list! Tomorrow morning (our sculptor is off today) we will be uploading a photo of a select number of sculpts side-by-side, so you get an idea of the size of our animals. Hint: they are BIG! The sculpt photo will include a Gnome, as well, since the Ice Age Mammal set can be used with Band of Gnomes. We also have two Rats blocked out in dynamic poses, with slight variations on their body thickness. They are actually big enough for a Gnome/Halfling/Dwarf mount, if we take the back to be about 4'high IRL. Here you go! <url>" sure map or a hex map. OK? Send us an email at <email> and we will start getting this to you. Happy 4th, and play safely! Best D and ADWGames The ADWGames.com web-store will be up and running July 24, 2014. All verified Ice Age Mammal KS Pledgers will get 20% off for the remainder of 2014, on all miniature products, excluding Band of Gnomes. Multiple sculpts of all animals will be available at the end of the month and we will spin cast according to everyone's choices in early August. Boxes seem to be on order for early September, but we can start to ship minis before the boxes arrive, if that is of interest. ( I know at least one of you has an Ice Age Campiagn that is waiting for the minis.) We chose to send the survey in order to keep everyone involved and in order to predict which animals were the most popular. Our forum is up, but our sys ad is working on the formatting issues. If you would like an unformatted forum to start, we can give you the link. Let us know. Here is the deal: Send an email to <email>, with any normal request or comment, and you get a free sabertooth squirrel when we launch Band of Gnomes in a few weeks. You may need one... One (free) for everyone $125 or above. otherwise a $30 add-on 1. If we reach $15,000, everyone gets a giant rat miniature, free. 2. If we reach $17,000, everyone above $80 gets an Irish Elk. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. 3. If we hit $17,000, everyone above $80 gets a gigantopithecus mini. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. WHAT IF YOU MISS THE ADD-ON KS DEADLINE? You can add-on anything for one week after the KS Campaign at the adwgames.com site. This Offer is only valid for Pledgers to this KS Campaign, and is non-transferable. This is going to be a Giant Rat. 4' at the shoulder. Not a real historic rat. A fantasy, Doggerland Rat. An evil Dwarf Mount? A Druidic Companion? A Mage familiar? Ask OO. Hit $15K and everyone gets this guy for free. Here we go: adwgames.com will allow add-on purchases at the rates posted on this KS Campaign through the rest of June, as long as there is a verified Pledge on KS from the person adding on. So: if we hit an Irish Elk, or Giant Rat at the final hour, you will still have about a week to add-on those horrible, cuddlies to your collection. We do not want any one of our 150+ team to miss out! And, we will be adding a forum to the adwgames.com site next week, so you can follow our progress, make suggestions, talk to our game designer(s) and help build the Doggerland and (academic, i.e., Ice Age, Sea Monster, mythological beings) mini community!! Thanks Eveyone! This is from the Artists: Oldest One gets to choose a Stretch Goal for the $15K Goal. Is it Mammoth Rat? Or, Giant Oxen/Bison? We have studies for both and were saving them for Box 2 of Ice Age, but why wait when we have over 150 new friends? We only have 5 left that have not been on this KS. You guys are crushing it! Just to inform eveyone, the next project we will be bringing to KS is Band of Gnomes, a non-lethal skirmish game full of fasst-paced trickery, illusion, summoning, entrapment, odd magic, queer terrain, golems and elementals. We are writing the rules in partnership with Andrea Sfiligoi. We have chosen this as out next project because it is unique in format and does not compete with anything on the market. Plus, we have a lot of cool expansions already mapped out. This is a 100% Doggerland-world game. And, the Ice Age Mammals will have rules for them in the Band of Gnomes Core Rule Book. Sea Monsters and Mythological minis will be available throughout the Summer at the adwgames.com website. Basically, anytime the spincaster is not in use for Ice Age Mammals, we will be producing gnomes, golems, elementals, sea monstes and mythological minis. We will also be producing some larger scale Ice Age Mammals in tin alloy for the museum market. We have had a lot of queries about that from museums around the world, so that is positive. Good for gifts, if not for playing mini games. I think the team will be taking about 4 days off in July to create some very cool terrain for the Ice Age Mammals. I am not certian this will be for sale, but we will certainly post the results. Our serious Doggerland stories will appear in comic and graphic novel form starting in September 2014. If any, or every, one would like to stay informed about the progress of this KS, as we start to manufacture full-time, or about upcoming adwgames.com , or Doggerland, projects, please send an email to <email> and we will put you on the mailing list! If everyone added a Cave Bear and a Cave Hynea (once she unlocks) Sloth and Smirugh would be unlocked before we wrap up this KS. $15 Add-on gets this Elasmotherium Print 8.5x11 on Archival Paper, suitable for framing! We did it, Together. So amazing that there are a few people in this world that care about extinct animals. together CLAP CLAP we make it real drop the mike. Capture the Bird before she has lunch! We have had few anti-woman and a few doubting-you-can't-spincast posts and emails. In response: anyone who wants to talk, we we will talk to, and post the conversation. A little less hate talk and a little more real talk. We are available. Call us. While on the topic of Doggerland Gnomes, this is a piece of concept art for a female Gnome Alchemist. This was intended to be a support unit for Gnome forces. She is a tough one. Another Terror Bird is Free!! A photo to provide a little better look at the detail involved in this mini. Tomorrow is final detailing and sanding day. We are prepared if Andrea's idea of a Doggerland Gnome Battle/Skirmish Game is something everyone wants next. We have the art, we can finish the sculpts in 7-14 days after this KS is a success, and we can field a lot of very interesting little creatures. Let us know what you want and we are happy to produce. Andrea would be employed to work on the rules, of course. Fast. Fun. Simple. Lots of weird options and surprises, for certain. All miniatures ship without a base. Bases will be supplied by ADW, sans fee, once the SURVEY has been filled out and each person informs us of their base preferences. As mentioned, we own our production facility and we create our own bases. So, we will provide choices in base thickness to meet your line-of-sight , or other wargaming concerns. Every Unlocked Stretch-Goal Miniature will be an Add-on Option, once it said Mini has been unlocked. Rabbit will come with a Gnome Rider and Without. Both will be inexpensive add-ons. Rabbit stands about 2.5cm. Distract. Befuddle. Amuse. Hop. Avoid. Quick Start. Burrow. All good things a solid Rabbit character should have on her Character Card, regardless of the game you are playing. A Boxed set of Terror Birds will be available as an Add-on Thursday morning!! And, good luck with the Web-Loaded Blunderbuss, that bird is on a rampage! Someone has to look out for the Herbivores. The first hour on the Paraphysornis-brasiliensis mini. Looks to be finished in a day, then we are on to a completely fictional Terror Bunny, just to break things up a bit. Then, back to the basic 8. <email> Here it is: <url>#2. Free to all Pledgers. Sculpt will be available tomorrow morning. After which the Big Bunny breaks up the terror for a bit, then we are back to the basic 8 by mid-week. Well, thanks to everyone, we are very close to the second Terror Bird. Our sculptors are working on the final Dinohyus version and the 3/4 funding gift of a Terror-swimming- hopping-gnome driven-surprise. So, Tuesday, we have a painting of Terror Bird #2 coming. Then, back the the basic 8. We are responding the requests for more realism. This guy is one workday away for being on the fron page of the KS. Coming July 2014. Good Luck on the Warm Sea! Sea Monsters are coming soon!! Next KS is a Summer BlockBuster. July 2014. Have to be very clear on this one. Deo gets a detail layer next and is getting hair in the appropriate places this afternoon. Judging from the face, it may be a lady Deo, getting ready to say "Play Fair", or maybe "You again? Have you seen this Armour?" This notice is unfornately necessary and presented with respect to everyone who has chosen to "play fair" Is this a woman run KS? Yes. This is a Project started by a woman, and the lead Sculptor is a woman. We are animal-friendly and we are women-in-gaming and women-in-business friendly. Messages that are hate-based, bullying or asking us to leave the business of making miniatures because we are women will be reported to KS immediately. And, to address such practices which have oocured by members of the KS, miniature and game community, we are organizing a "Play Fair" open letter with members of the world gaming community to address this very issue. Games are supposed to be fun. We do not tolerate hate, and neither should any member of the KS or game community. If you would like to join the 100+ game industry professionals who have already signed this letter, please let us know. This is a very important issue to all of us. Hate can not be tolerated in the game world. Not from anonymous members of any community, or via the support of bad business practice and bullying. We urge every to keep games safe and to "Play Fair". <url>"Visible Cities", and have a listen to who we are talking with, we think you will enjoy the conversation. If you have questions for anyone in th game community, let us know and we will be happy to set up time to ask them and record the conversation resulting from same. Visible Cities can be heard: <url>