Hello it seems much more time has passed than I realized and I was really hoping to have more actual game to show for another update but here is what's been going on: With the slightly different art style I've decided to go ahead and switch to a 3rd party animation suite since I've fallen behind. I've been spending a lot of time porting to the new system as well as redoing older assets to make them fit in. In the long run, the new animation tool should help speed up the production significantly. The two major issues I'm dealing with right now is retaining the ability to create custom characters in the new system and making sure everything still runs smoothly on mobile devices. I bring this up to essentially ask all of you for permission to switch to a handful of pre-created, but significantly better animated, characters . I would also like to switch my focus to releasing the desktop version first since double checking performance for every change has been one of the largest time consumers. I would of course find a way to make it up to those who ordered only mobile versions. I know this isn't what I had originally promised, which is why I'm asking for permission to make these changes in order to get this game done faster. Thank you so much for being patient! So it's been a busy two weeks since being funded, some of you already know this but the largest progress so far has been adding local co-op! The game can now support 4 players on the same machine so backers getting the Desktop or Ouya versions can plug in an extra controller and share the screen with some friends :) With the playstation looking very probable, it seemed like a good fit. While networking is still outside the projects scope at the moment, making the code handle multiple players leaves online multiplayer a huge possibility in the future. The entire HUD and user interface has been reworked as well for the sake of simplicity. People who had issues with the screen being too cluttered or confusing should be pleased. I'll admit that adding co-op has set me back about a week but it's such a huge feature and spending a week now instead of a few months later is a pretty decent pay-off. Hope you're as excited about this as I am. There are only hours left and I can't get Europe's "The Final Count Down" out of my head. With the campaign ending soon I could really use any help for a final push, if you know anybody who's been on the fence now's a good time to tell them! Rewards: Just a reminder that I added a few more rewards since the last updates, I didn't think I'd be offering "virtual goods" as rewards when this started, but I do think Kickstarter Guns are a pretty good exception. I'm planning to make even their abilities unique to anything else you would find in the game. You can get one at the $10 and all 6 at the $25 . A Note on Stretch Goals: I said this in the comments but I want to bring this up again here. I'm not putting stretch goals. While more money will help me to make a better, more polished game, I don't want to rule out any features simply because we didn't make a goal. Because this is a solo project any more features would require more time, not money. I don't want to lie and say something will only be possible if you give me X amount of dollars. So no matter how much we raise I'm going to do my best to include as much as I can :) In return I just ask you tell as many people about this as possible while there is still time! A.M.A. (Ask Me Anything) on Reddit: As I say in the reddit post, I hardly feel Important enough for an A.M.A. but if you do have any questions or just want to say hi I'll be answering any questions through out the day here: <url>"proof of concept" though! As I said in my video I'm really working hard on ensuring there's plenty of variety in the game, even with random generation I don't wan't any two play throughs to be near the same! Dev Log Started On a side note I started a dev log on the site <url>