After a long road and lots of hurdles, I regret to inform everyone that we will be unable to complete fulfillment of the mPrinter project. After both your generous support and a large financial investment of my own, it's simply no longer possible to complete shipments to backers. I truly appreciate everyones support over the last few years. I would first like to apologize for the slow speed and lack of updates regarding finalizing mPrinter Kickstarter pledge fulfillment. After a series of legal, manufacturing, and other delays, we are immediately resuming shipments to fulfill all remaining pledges. We will be utilizing Amazon Fulfillment Services to handle shipments. International users may experience an additional delay as we ship units to overseas Amazon fulfillment centers and they clear customs. Users who additionally ordered the battery option may receive the upgrade as a separate, user-installable kit via a second shipment. In the near future, backers with unfulfilled pledges will receive a request to verify your shipping address. The first wave of shipments will go out as early as next week. We are awaiting some additional parts to arrive (AC adapters, batteries, and print heads) prior to shipping subsequent waves, which may be affected by the Chinese New Year on February 19th. As additional shipment waves occur, we will provide more updates. As noted in the last update, we are transitioning from making the circuit boards in-house, to using a third-party circuit board assembly company. We just received the first batch of 150 completed units. These printers will be going out over the next three weeks. We have another 400 units, enough to fulfill all remaining pledges and have excess inventory available, scheduled for delivery the second week of January. Currently, our estimates put our timeline for completing shipments to all backers some time in February. Please watch your email for up for shipping updates to confirm your pledge and shipment details. As always, thanks for supporting the project and we look forward to everyone having mPrinters in their hands. I wanted to take some time to give a more in depth explanation of our current shipping delays, outline our plan of action to address this, and provide some additional background information on the project. As a quick summary of this full update, I am bringing on an outside manufacturer to speed up production and dramatically increase delivery speed. If you'd like more specifics, please keep reading. Why is this taking so long? When I originally started this project, I was hoping to make 100 units with the help of friends and family. After doing the math and determining we could make 20-25 units a week, we could have fulfilled our backer pledges in just 4 weeks. At that quantity, production and assembly could be completed without any outside manufacturing, helping to keep costs down and allow us to add a lot of great features (for example, we upgraded the print head from 2.5" to 3.5"). As it became clear the project would do well over the original 100 units, I thought that with refinements in our process we could decrease assembly speed per unit to a reasonable time, and keep all assembly in-house. Ultimately, with over 700 units, that same assembly speed that we originally calculated would result in a total production time of nearly 28 weeks. Despite my best efforts (and many 16-18 hour work days), it's clearly evident that we need to make some immediate revisions to our manufacturing. In addition to the slow assembly, as outlined in other updates, there were a number of delays in the design and parts procurement process. Most notably, getting the injection molds made took significantly longer than we were told by our vendor. The import process for the cases and other parts from China also took much longer than we had allocated in our production timeline, delaying many other steps of the process. As previously noted in updates, the good news is that we have all the parts, cases, etc. and the last remaining hurdle is simply one of time. Increasing shipments in the immediate future Each unit is assembled and tested in-house, by hand. In the past several months of assembly, we have streamlined portions of this process which has increased assembly speed, but we are still limited by the number of circuit boards we can produce each week. Quite simply, we're unable to reach the internal goals we've set for production speed. To immediately increase production speed, I am putting additional funds of my own into the project and we are contracting with a manufacturer to have all circuit boards assembled and delivered to us ready to drop into cases. This will allow us to dramatically increase our shipping speed and complete fulfillment more quickly. The timeline for the third-party assembly house to complete all board production is 4 weeks. Once we have received the completed circuit boards, we will be able to provide an updated shipping timeline. In the interim, we will continue shipping as many units per week as we can produce in house and prepare what we can to expedite larger shipments once we receive the full circuit board order. To give some insight into some of the hurdles we've experienced and as one example of optimizing the assembly process, I'll refer to one of the components in each printer: a wiring harness that connects the button board to the primary control board. We were making this custom cable assembly by hand. After further exploration, we found a company that could make the wiring harnesses for us at a cost only slightly more than we were spending on just the raw materials alone. Despite my wife becoming an expert at crimping connectors and stripping wires, considering time investment, it was an obvious decision to simply have the wiring harnesses made. As another example, we are moving the LED light ring to a process which uses surface mount parts that can be assembled by a machine, instead of traditional through-hole LEDs which each have to be soldered by hand. What has the money been spent on? Early on, I made a decision to spend more than we raised in order to create a product that could be sold beyond just Kickstarter. As you can see in the amounts below, even with the amount raised, I have not personally profited at all, and am fully invested in mPrinter from both a time and monetary perspective. Below is a quick breakdown of just some of the major costs. This is by no means a comprehensive list, and doesn't include dozens of smaller line items. Funds raised Total pledged: $88,018 Actual amount received after fees/non-billable backers: Approximately $74,000 Case design and manufacturing 3D-printed prototype units: $2,800 Case mold design: $5,200 Injection mold manufacturing: $16,000 Cases: $2,640 Components and parts Circuit boards: $1,400 WiFi radios: $7,500 Print heads: $12,410 Other component parts (micro controllers, LEDs, etc.): $13,870 Wiring: $120 Shipping and packaging Boxes and packing materials: $1,460 Shipping: $10,000 Tools and testing Screws: $140 Assembly tools: $450 Test and programming jigs: $300 Pick and place machine: $4,400 Solder: $300 Misc. Web hosting and servers: $2,790 Corporate registration and fees: $400 Import, customs bonds, and logistics fees: $3,000 Summary I understand your frustrations with our fulfillment problems, and I am confident that our changes will allow us to successfully deliver all remaining backer pledges quickly and efficiently. I apologize for the lack of recent updates - I've had my head down trying to find a balance of working full time to push all units out the door while maintaining some level of sanity, and supporting my family. If you have any direct concerns or questions, I setup a mailbox specifically for backers. Please email <email>, and I'd be happy to discuss any questions or concerns you might have directly and individually with you. I will keep all backers up to date on the delivery timeline for the parts that we are having manufactured, along with more detailed estimates of shipping volume as that date approaches. I'm working very hard to get everyones mPrinter unit in hand as soon as possible, so you can see what your pledge and patience have created. We will be starting shipments to backers assigned to "Group A" on Wednesday. We will send an email 48 hours prior shipment so you can update shipping information if necessary, after which you will receive an automated email when your shipping label is generated. As a reminder, Group A backers consist of early contributors and users who participated in website development and bug reporting. Shipping estimates and group assignments for other users will be made as Group A shipments are made and we get a handle on how many we are shipping each week. You can check your shipping address and status at <url>"day" and "business day" is. After some discussion, they have told us they will have the samples available sometime next week. That puts our scheduled delivery of the end of this month off by up to two weeks. I sincerely apologize for the delays, and we are doing everything possible to get units out the door as soon as we can. To make up for that delay, we are investigating the viability and cost difference of air shipping the cases instead of shipping them by sea. When the cases do arrive, the other components are ready for the final assembly and we will begin shipping out units within 1-2 days. Injection Molds Despite the slight delay, the molds are looking good. They have moved onto the polishing and final assembly to prepare them for molding. Attached is a sample photo of one-half of the light ring mold in progress last week. Battery Availability We received the final battery samples and are now offering them for sale. The battery pack offers over 50 hours of standby time, and power for approximately 1,000 prints (depending on the print content). It can be charged via the AC adapter included with your printer. The upgrade includes both the battery and the charging circuitry. Currently, you must order this with your printer. We are not offering it as an add-on at this time. Add a battery to your mPrinter by visiting the store and make sure to enter coupon code "KICKSTARTER" for free shipping and to include the battery in your main shipment. Please note: We cannot ship batteries via the US Postal Service. If you are a non-US customer, please contact us directly and we will provide the shipping price difference to upgrade to FedEx or DHL shipping. Print Speed After making some firmware optimizations, we've significantly increased both the downloading and printing time of content. A video showing the new print speed is attached. AC Adapter Survey Later today, a survey will be going out for all backers to select the type of AC adapter they would like. If we don't receive a response by April 19th, you will receive a US adapter. These are switch-mode power supplies, so they will work on 110-240V, only the physical tip differs. Website and Support As always, if you have any questions please feel free to contact us. You are welcome to signup, browse, and generate content on our beta website at <url>"Support Chat" section where you can chat with us live. Greetings everyone! First, a quick update. Production of the various components continues and is on track for shipping towards the end of April, as noted in previous updates. We are working hard to have an exact price on the optional battery upgrade, which we should have next week. One obstacle to overcome is international shipping of LiPo batteries. The US Postal Service, by far the most cost effective option, does not legally allow shipping of products containing LiPo battery packs. We are assessing a few options and will have more information soon. Miss out on backing mPrinter or want another printer? Pre-orders or additional printers available! If you were unable to be part of of the Kickstarter project, or would simply like to order an additional printer in the first production run, you may do so at the mPrinter Store . If you had previously contacted us about an additional printer at a specific pledge amount, please contact us directly. Beta website access In case you missed it, the website to make and preview mPrints is live and kicking. Although still in beta, we have lots of of our samples as well as other users making content. The beta is now open to anyone - you can sign up at <url>"Quick Print" function that allows you to simply enter text and content, and a web browser plugin. Regardless of your programming knowledge, you can generate content. The mPrints in this video along with many others will be available at launch. The video is a bit long, so if you want to just see the printing in action fast forward to the 8:25 or 14:20 marks. I wanted to give everyone a mini update before we post a full video update next week. We've had two primary focuses the past couple of weeks: one, work on print quality and firmware, and two, get the injection mold models ready for manufacturing and ordered. That leads to our first major topic... Chinese New Year Going into this project involved a lot of firsts. One of those was large scale manufacturing involving injection molding. Our selected supplier is located in China. In China, the biggest holiday of the year is Chinese New Year, which happens to start February 10th this year. Most factories give their workers the week off for celebration, as well as a week before and a week after for travel. Essentially, everything in China shuts down for 3-4 weeks. That said, our timeline has been affected. By current estimates, we will have our cases back mid-March. Add in two weeks to finalize assembly here in the US and we'll be shipping at the end of March. Luckily, the majority of our other suppliers are in the US and this will not affect the surface mount assembly or other supply chain. When we get the cases, everything else will literally be ready to screw together, program, and ship out. Print Quality The mPrinter uses a thermal print head to print on the 3" paper. At its heart, our print head is very basic - it has 576 very small heating elements that burn a black dot on the paper when you apply electricity to it. However, every single line of text or imagery has a different number of dots required. Additionally, if you've been printing a lot or printed a line with a lot of dots immediately prior to the current line, your print head is already quite hot. All of this leads up to the need for an algorithm to determine burn time - or how long you apply electricity to each row of printed material for it to look consisted and crisp. We spent a lot of time getting this right, and I think our print quality really shines. Our ARM CPU running the print head is working fantastic, and now we're focused on speeding up prints with RAM caching and other optimizations. As you can see in the photo below, all of this effort has resulted in some great things - such as the ability to print small QR codes within your mPrints. Video Update We're going to film a video update of live prints, code samples, and more over the weekend and put it up early next week. Stay tuned for a lot more information and detailed progress information! First of all, happy new year! Things are progressing well. If you haven't been following our blog, I recommend checking it out as I try to frequently post in depth and more technical updates there. You can see it at <url>“step lines” from the printing process. Finishing the parts to see what the final model would look like involved a lot of sanding, priming, and painting. The light ring was wet-sanded to 2000-grit, then sprayed with a gloss polyurethane. The other parts were sanded to 800-grit, then sprayed with black paint and matte lacquer. We’re still playing with the light ring a little bit to improve light transmission. We have 4 LEDs in there now, with room for up to 9. On the production version, the light ring will be a smoke colored polycarbonate to blend in better with the rest of the black case. Also, the case will be made of black ABS as opposed to painted. The colors and types of resins for SLA printing are limited. It’s very exciting to see the 3D model in a physical form. We have some minor model revisions that need to be made, and we’ll be test-fitting the rest of the electrical and mechanical components this week. After the changes are made, we’ll order the parts that require updates again – then have the steel injection molds made for mass production. You can view hi-res pictures at our blog at <url>"MPRINTER", to which you can connect and configure the device. You can leave it in ad-hoc mode, or connect it to an existing network. We plan to also create a setup wizard that works over USB to perform these same functions. Moving forward As soon as we have the prototype cases ready, we'll have another update with more photos. Everything is on track for the initial timelines, and we're doing everything we can to beat them. Again, apologies if anyones messages were ignored or missed - we will be as proactive as possible with backer interaction and feedback moving forward. -Andy Hi everyone. It's been two weeks since we completed funding. I wanted to give a quick update on some progress we've made. Feature tweaks We've had a lot of requests for an auto-cutting head. We just received some sample units, and are testing them now. In regards to the actual printing aspect of the new heads, they are identical to the current ones so very little change is required. We are testing partial and full cut heads. The downside to the auto-cutting heads is they are considerably more expensive. We plan to offer the auto-cutter as an additional model, and if there is enough interest also offer an upgrade to existing backers. Please give us some feedback if this is a feature that you'd use. Case design A CAD designer and industrial designer have been working on the case now for about a month. We've had a lot of back and forth, and are ready to get the first test cases 3D printed this week for a fully functional prototype. Once the designer has time to finish his magic and make aesthetic revisions, we'll get some renders up for feedback from everyone. Electrical design The electrical design is in it's final stages. We've made several revisions, and are having final professional boards made for the test units now. As briefly mentioned before, the final design uses a PIC 24F as the primary MCU, a small ARM Cortex M0 to drive the print head, and has other features such as an onboard stepper controller for the print head, the WiFi module, etc. Board manufacturing For the first run, we are trying to keep the board manufacturing local in Dallas. I've meet with two possible firms and are confident either one could handle the job. Finding a location that lets us take photos and show how the process works is a priority. Website Our website has taken a bit longer than expected to get live. We should have something basic up by the end of this week. Additionally, our blog will be live and I'll start posting lots of photos. Order changes A lot of international customers have asked how to add $20 for shipping they forgot. Rest assured there will be a way to fix it. Amazon Payments seems to block international payments directly to our account, so we're trying to find an alternative method to let you pay the difference. We'll have another update at the beginning of next week with much more information, and hopefully our blog will be live by then so you can track things as they happen. We appreciate your support! First, I'd like to thank everyone for their support. Next, we finally have some sample photos of printed labels. We have not yet finalized the formats that will be available, but it is possible to print labels with the mPrinter. A few samples are below. We'll have another update once our blog is live and we'll be posting updates here throughout the development and manufacturing cycle. Thanks for your support! We've setup a few sample triggered mPrints: Every time there's a new backer, a "receipt" is printed with a summary and your username You can SMS your message to +1 (415) 523-8888 and we'll print it Send us a Tweet to @themprinter, or tag your Tweets #mprinter or #themprinter and we'll print it It takes a second for the camera to snap the photo and upload it, so be patient. It's usually 1-2 minutes. You can view the live feed at <url>"light ring" around the case, or in the area of the button. In addition to standard indication like network connectivity and print queue status, you'll be able to set a custom color from Javascript mPrints. We are working on getting our blog up and will provide the URL as soon as it's ready. Please keep the great feedback coming. Your support is truly appreciated. I wanted to take a minute and thank everyone for their support so far. We just broke $20,000 in pledges in less than 72 hours! We're currently in rapid development mode, and will have more updates in the very near future. Some of the top questions we plan to address include BPA-free paper and printable labels. We're also working hard on more real-world usage examples. Thanks again!