Thank You, Thank You, Thank You! It is official — Mutator's Kickstarter Campaign has successfully closed! Thank you to everyone who joined in on the wild ride to get Mutator kickstarted. There was a ton of sharing, many tips, lots of rallying, and a humbling amount of generosity on the part of all of you, and I am sincerely grateful. SPECIAL THANKS TO: Joshua Anderson Jason Anthony Eckels Jon Goings Ian Normile Marie Paolino Carl Schweppe Keith W John Hitchins Thijs van der Wal John H Walter P. Schmitt Dan Dimenza Shafina Carlos Zepeda Greg Hrutkay Christina and EVERYONE ELSE who upped their pledges in the last few days, shared the campaign with friends, and otherwise contributed in Mutator's success to make this happen. There were a lot of you who are not listed but contacted me privately or donated quietly. Thank you! It would not have happened without you!!! 3 Dans, You rock! I also want to give a special shoutout to the "3 Dans" who were indispensable in this: Dan Hixon , Danny Whalen , and Dan Benjamin (all of whom, ironically, claimed the title of Mutator's Self-Proclaimed Promotions Department). If you ever need an incredible website, call the first two Dans here: Dan Hixon: <url>"How can I get more than one Mutator?!?!" The second most frequently asked question is "What version of iOS devices are compatible with Mutator?" And third, a suggestion by our kind backer Marie Paolino . Here we go: Multiple Mutators I wasn't really sure how to provide more than one Mutator to a single backer given Kickstarter's restrictions on offering multiple items, but thanks to a few savvy backers I have found something that I think will work: BackerKit. I'm looking into the details, but there's a good chance this will allow precisely what I need, allowing me to easily manage multiple items per backer. So here's how it will work: Let's say you backed us at the $13 level. Thanks! But you have since decided that you want 3 Mutators: one for your iPhone, one for your iPad, and one for your mother, because...YOUR MOTHER! Cool. I've got your back. Simply multiply the number of Mutators you'd like by your original pledge level, et voilà! You now are in line for 3 Mutators. No need to change your reward, simply increase the amount you want to pledge to the project. Here's a multi-Mutator example: $13* x 3 = $39 (total pledge amount). Simple. If most of you who asked about multiple Mutators are serious, then this should really help is in reaching our goal. If you have any questions, please message me and I'm happy to walk you through it. *Please add an extra $5 to cover International shipping (up to 2 additional Mutators). Will Mutator work with my Apple _________? Yes! iPad , iPod touch, and iPhones ( all versions ) should work exactly as described. While I haven't tested every single device sold since iOS was originally released almost 6 years ago, I have tested a large number of these devices and have not found a single incompatibility. I am highly confident that every iOS device to date will work as expected. Will Mutator work with my Android _________? Probably! :) Android handles sounds a little differently than Apple's iOS, but in our testing all media-related sounds (movies, music, games, etc) are stopped dead in their tracks by Mutator. Android users have indicated this is the single biggest nuisance to them, so chances are Mutator will be a big help in keeping your Android smartphone (more) silent. Thanks, Marie. Marie, gracious backer #918 has observed that if all current backers were to increase their pledge by a few dollars, that could be enough to put us over the top and see this campaign fund. But Marie didn't stop there: she increased her original pledge amount by more than double. Marie, I thank you! Now, before you go thinking I'm asking you for your only good kidney, let me say that I recognize this isn't an option for everyone. But please allow me to ask for a few favors all the same. Favor #1: Chatter . If you can spare a few minutes each and every day this week, please tell your friends, your family, your teachers, your co-workers and even your mailman about Mutator. This would be (by far) the most helpful thing you can do . Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Pinterest, email, text, phone, face-to-face, and even carrier pigeon (assuming these are your pigeons); all of this will greatly improve our odds of getting enough backers to make Mutator happen. Now is the time to turn up the juice. Let's go! Favor #2: String . Do you know anybody who knows anybody with strings to pull? Can you pull some strings to get Mutator featured on big blogs, tech sites, facebook pages, etc? We've already gotten some great coverage, but there are admittedly a few holes in our saturation. *cough* VergeGdgtEngadgetGizmodoArstechnica *cough*. So, yeah...if you love Mutator and you have some strings, it's time to pull them. Favor #3: Moola . If you're feeling a few extra coins jingling in your pocket, consider throwing them our way — every dollar helps! I really appreciate your commitment to seeing Mutator come to life. Once again, thank you all for your excitement and help bringing Mutator to life! Ron Hi, Kickstarters — A quick update to wrap up the week: First of all, thank you all so much for your support! Mutator has gotten some serious traction in social media, been featured on multiple sites, and even spawned a rudimentary DIY knockoff in Germany made from various bicycle parts. Awww. I'm very grateful to all of you for believing in and backing Mutator. Thank you! Ok, now for the announcements. New Pledge Levels If you've perused the campaign page in the last few hours, you'll see we've added a few more pledge levels. Multiple requests have led to a second "Advance Backer" level for the Standard Mutator. The same goes for an early-bird level for Metal Mutator. If you've pledged for a Standard Mutator, this is your chance to pay an extra ten bucks (or less!) and get your hands on a premium version. Easy! Get them while they're available. If you've pledged at the normal backer level and you need the few bucks back in your life, I invite you to jump down to the newly-minted early-backer pledge levels — sweet! If instead you would like to leave your extra bucks in the pot to help Mutator along, you will no doubt score some karma points — thanks! Stretch Goals While there is no specific announcement at this very moment, I wanted to put a bug in your ear that a few stretch goals are being seriously considered. I can't say what the first one will be, but I'll give you a hint: it's a second version of Mutator; it starts with "C" and ends with "ase-friendly Mutator". Please, no guesses. You'll never figure it out. ;) Of course adding another version would be costly and require some serious additional resources. If you are interested in seeing this unannounced-but-hinted-at version, please leave a comment, and also (more importantly) pass the word along to your friends — and enemies — that their support is necessary to make this a reality. You can find some nice hi-res images to spread around here: <url>"Stay on Target! Stay on Target!" We're getting ever closer to the goal (only ~25% to go), but there's still a lot of work to do. Requests are piling up for a case-friendly version, a keychain holder or cable clip when earbuds are being used, and other tweaks as well. All of these would be great, but we need to hit our goal first. If you haven't already taken a moment to pass the word along, please do so now. With your active participation, we will spread silence throughout the world. Thank you! Ron First of all, I would like to say thank you to all of you who have backed Mutator so far and/or have helped spread the word. It's fun to see your response to the project I have been obsessing over this last year. Thanks to you we've had a great first day! I have received a number of questions via private message: using Mutator with Android, compatibility with iPhone cases, multi-packs, and more. I will be updating the FAQs and the campaign page as I get some concrete answers. In the meantime, please know how much I appreciate your support on my first Kickstarter experience. You rock!