Making fresh, healthy salads is a chore no more! Our newest project, 60 Second Salad, takes the hassle out of rinsing and straining and allows you to chop the ingredients all at once! Our campaign ends today at 1:29pm CST and we would love your support! Please check out our campaign now! Hey all! THANK YOU for your generous past support of NoClean Aquariums. It's been a fast, hard working four years since we originally connected on Kickstarter. Because of YOU, we were able to start NoClean Aquariums to take the hassles out of enjoying fish! In case you haven’t heard, we recently launched a new, larger self-cleaning aquarium on Kickstarter! Please click here to get the story on GravityFlow2 and be sure to check out our FAST-ACTION specials. We hope you’ll choose to support us again, and are excited to begin production on these beautiful, glass self-cleaning aquariums as soon as we reach our goal. We would also love if you shared our project with your friends and family. Thanks for your continued support and enjoy the holidays! Craig &amp; David www.NoCleanAquariums.com If you have not received your aquarium or tracking number yet there is a chance it is already on route so please be on the lookout ! There has been a delay in us receiving the tracking numbers, however we will be all caught up in getting them distributed this weekend. We are expecting more aquariums at your door steps today. Thank you for your attention as we get this sorted! Craig and David Hey Backers- While many have received aquariums by now we are expecting to finalize shipping this week. We have been scrambling the last couple of days to organize and distribute all the tracking numbers to the proper people in good time, however, some aquariums managed to slip out the shipping dock before we were able to email the tracking info in time. In other words- please keep your eyes open for your package JUST IN CASE . On a warm note, as we head for winter some of you may want to consider an aquarium heater. The best one we’ve tested is the Marina C10 submersible Aquarium Heater. It has a built in thermostat to avoid overheating and has a red, indicator light so you know when it’s at work. Make sure to test the heater with a thermometer and without your Betta in the aquarium for at least a day to make sure it’s functioning properly. On a cool note, we would love to see your creative aquarium designs! Please send us photos. Remember, an aquarium with no decorations is like a house with no furniture. As you can imagine, lots of creativity can fit inside these aquatic habitats- with a little attention to fine detail and color usage your aquarium will be absolutely eye POPPING- especially with the LEDs! Feel free to post your pictures on our NoClean Aquariums Facebook page or email them to <email> with subject title “OH YEA TANK!”. We plan on creating a photo gallery on our website. It feel great to finally be shipping our product and will be back with another update soon- THANKS! Hey everyone- We are back with some great news! Today our warehouse sent us the picture below that filled our faces with gladness. Our new custom boxes boxes arrived at the warehouse today and survived a two story test fall onto a concrete floor. Your rewards are lined up waiting for the brown trucks and should all be shipped by Wednesday! Once you receive your NoClean Aquariums™ Self-Cleaning Betta Fish Tank please read the assembly instructions. Our friends and family were nice enough to proof read as well as provide us with some valuable feedback to help ensure the best possible aquarium experience for you! In the meantime, while waiting for reservoirs and boxes that fit, we've been busy creating some fabulous new aquatic products that we can't wait to share with you once we are ready. Going forward we should be able to move a lot quicker now that we have a great team in place and some experience under our belts. Many thanks again for all your patience, trust and support. We will be sure to keep you updated on anything newsworthy. Have a great weekend! -David and Craig Just when we thought we were in the clear Murphy's Law strikes again. Our custom boxes were not manufactured to specification and are not properly fitting your aquariums. This was a total shocker since the prototype boxes we approved (pictured in Update #13) literally fit like a glove. If we ship them in the defective boxes it will guarantee catastrophe since the top of the glass aquarium won’t have any padding and will rattle around inside the box. You can see the problem for yourself in the pictures below. The good news is that our box vendor is on top of the situation and rushing the correct boxes through production. We expect to have them shipped to the warehouse by the end of next week. We apologize for this very unexpected delay and will keep you posted as the situation unfolds. Other than that everything else is ready and waiting. To be continued... Hey everyone- The time has finally come that we've all been waiting for! That's right, we begin shipping your aquariums this week! Tomorrow morning we are meeting our warehouse to drop off all the pre-wrapped components that you will find inserted in your aquariums. These have already been separated by sku to make the pick and pack process as smooth as possible. We will have another update as soon as we know how many aquariums are expected to ship within the first couple of days and will keep you posted from there. Thanks again everyone! Great news! The sample reservoirs arrived today and they fit perfectly! As you can see from the pictures below, each large plastic sheet has been formed to comprise 16 reservoirs. The die acts like a super-sharp cookie cutter to "punch" out the reservoirs precisely and consistently. Now that we approved the sample we go into full die cutting production which takes about 10 working days. From there the reservoirs are shipped from the cutting facility in Massachusetts to our Chicagoland warehouse. The reservoirs and other wrapped components are then placed inside the glass for safe shipping in our custom made packaging. If all goes as expected, all aquariums will be shipped by the end of the month. We’re extremely happy to be this close to the finish line, and will keep you posted on our progress as we wrap up production! Hey Backers! We spoke with our die cutter today and have confirmation that our die will be completed on Friday. We’ll immediately get a sample of the die cut reservoir overnighted to us for inspection. This sample should arrive Monday. If needed, any revisions to the die are quick and easy. From the time we give our approval the cutting process should take about 10 business days. From there the finished pieces are shipped from the die cutting facility in MA to our Chicagoland warehouse. Once they arrive the reservoirs and other wrapped components are placed inside the glass for safe shipping in our custom made packaging. If all goes as planned we expect your aquarium to be shipped in about 4 weeks. We’ll post another update next week after we've inspected the reservoirs. Hey Backers! We have had an intense past three weeks. Here’s what's happening. We had our factory ship us another batch of reservoirs. To speed things up we shipped them Next Day Air only to have the package lost by the carrier. After they told us it could be up to 7 days until they found it we put in another rush order and had the parts a few days later. Incidentially, the original package has not yet been found. As we inspected the reservoirs we found many were cut with jagged edges. Supposedly the jagged edges occurred because we are using a thin and flexible piece of plastic for this part. Even though they functioned well we still feel they are unacceptable to ship as a finished product. Instead we are having them sent to a specialty die and CNC cutting shop that we met a couple weeks ago at the Chicago Design and Manufacturing show. We have a lot of confidence in this company. Obviously things like this slow us down and we're only as strong as our weakest link. We kept waiting for better news about the reservoir but felt it was time for an update. Nobody wants to get these aquariums shipped out more than us! Either way, it's great to learn from these experiences for when we produce our next self-cleaning aquarium. Here are some photos of our successes. The first picture shows some of the drilled and grommeted glass that we received from our assembly shop. These are the copper spouts we sourced and our custom injection molded inner spout tip. The spout tip regulates the flow of the cleaning so everything works fast, smooth and trouble-free. Here is a shot of the jig our factory designed to hand bend the tube. To accomplish this the acrylic tubing is heated, hand-pressed into shape and then cut. A metal spring is inserted inside the tube during bending so it keeps it's shape without collapsing. Here are a couple shots of the lid. The picture to the left is one of the original prototype lids we made ourselves by heating and forming a plastic sheet over Lego's. The center lid is the first production sample. You'll notice we shortened it bit and smoothed out the mold for our final production lid that you see to the right. We are waiting on the reservoir and once we see they are cut to our specifications we will be able to provide a solid ship date. After all, one lesson of this whole thing is to not provide a ship date until we are sure:) Thanks again everyone! Hello to all our Kickstarter Backers, the factory that’s producing the reservoirs had a huge job to run for another customer so progress and updates from the factory has been slow over the past two weeks. The wait has been agonizing but thankfully the job was completed yesterday and we had a very productive teleconference with the owner today. Within the next couple weeks the die will be ready and we'll have some freshly cut parts for us to test out. Everything else is lined up and waiting on these pieces. Assuming the die cut part fits we should have production parts in-house and expect to begin shipping before the end of July. We thought you’d like to know that we also made some great contacts at the Manufacturing and Design Expo here in Chicago last week. This means that going forward we have contacts that can make just about anything we could ever need and we will have backups in case of an emergency. Either way we know they will come in handy for our future aquarium building adventures which you all will be the first to know about! We’d also like to thank you again for the support you’ve shown us during this start-up process. It's certainly been nerve-racking at times and we really do appreciate your patience and understanding that you're participating in the birth of an idea, the start of a new project, the beginning of a new business. We will continue to pour our blood, sweat and tears into this project and have learned a tremendous amount about the new product development process of converting an idea into prototype and then a physical product reality. We have personally learned the definition of “Murphy’s Law”, which says that, “If anything can go wrong, it will!” We continue to invest the money we received through your sponsorship and far more than that from our own efforts and the efforts of those closely associated with our project. Again, let us just assure you that we are meeting every challenge head on. We have overcome each new obstacle as it has arisen and we will not stop until we deliver an awesome self-cleaning aquarium to your door. Yes, our time, effort and costs have exceeded our expectations, but you, and we, will be proud of the finished product. And you will be especially proud of your participation in getting this venture off the ground. For your continued trust and patience in us, we thank you. David and Craig Success! The last round of reservoirs came in this week and fit perfectly! We trimmed the height down a couple millimeters and used an even thinner, more flexible plastic that literally conforms to the aquarium walls and corners so it fits like a glove! We're thrilled with the new parts and know you’re gonna love your aquariums! It looks like we need a die made to cut the reservoirs exactly how we need them. This may take a couple of weeks but it's worth it get to get a top-quality product. We’ll have a better idea of the ETA after talking with the factory this week. We’re also happy to announce that a new and improved www.NoCleanAquariums.com is up and running and we finally have a logo! To check out your name go to our Kickstarter tab <url>“new” reservoirs back today. They’re very close but not a 100% fit. Thankfully, a slight mold modification should compensate for the difference and then we will be rolling. Please understand that we would not be going through all this trouble (and expense!) if we didn’t want to do our very best for you. And while we’re all eager to get these shipped ASAP, releasing a product that doesn’t meet our standards isn’t good for anybody in the long-run. We will be back with another update soon. Enjoy the holiday weekend! Craig &amp; David Hey Backers! The lid and another rendition of the reservoir arrived. Thankfully the lid fits perfectly and is in production. On the other hand the reservoir was slightly too big so we need the factory to slightly shave down the mold. The challenge is getting it to fit nice and snug without being too tight or loose on the walls and corners. We don’t anticipate the alteration taking long and because it’s a 16-cavity mold production time should be quick once everything is right. Because the change needed is very small and we feel the next sample production part will work we should be able to ship in May. While we’re all anxious to get these produced and delivered I think we can all agree that your aquarium deserves the time needed to make it right. As previously announced, the glass arrived to our fulfillment and assembly shop and the hole drilling for the copper spouts is underway. The grommets fit very tightly (which is very good!) and are installed by the assembly shop for your convenience. You’ll also be happy to know that we secured some beautiful, shiny copper spouts that give your production aquariums a nice upgraded look over the prototypes. Thanks again for hanging in there with us. The finished product will be worth it! Craig &amp; David Hey Backers! Wanted to let you know the glass is manufactured and on its way to our assembly shop. Packaging of the small aquarium components starts next week. These parts will be safely wrapped and ship inside of the aquarium. Because of a couple of setbacks we’re still waiting on the molds for two parts. The good news is that everything else will be ready to go so that when the final parts arrive the aquariums can ship right away. However, because of the delays we’re now looking at May shipping. Some things aren’t moving forward as quickly as planned and we admit we’re learning a lot along the way. We apologize for the delay and thank you for your patience and support as we manufacture our first product. Rest assured, we are doing everything we can to ship as quickly as possible and overall we’re in good shape. Craig &amp; David So here are the awesome new LED options you’ve been waiting for! Not only do we have a brand new colored LED option, but we’re also upgrading all Large Bright-White LED buyers to an improved version with optional remote control! Large Bright-RGB LED The RBG LED is just as large and bright as the White LED, but has 12 variations of RGB colors, plus two color-changing modes. You can cycle through the 6 of the colors and 1 color-changing mode using the button on the LED. To get all 12 color variations and 2 color-changing modes you’ll need the RGB remote. You’ll want the remote anyway because it’s fun, super-handy and will make the most of your setup. After all, who wants to get up and mess with the LED every time you want to change things up when you can just sit back, point &amp; click! It’s the NoClean Aquariums way! Plus, one RGB remote works with multiple RGB lights. So, if you have two aquariums sitting next to each other they are controlled with one remote. This makes it a snap to coordinate the color-changing modes so each aquarium changes to the same color at the same time, creating a nice, polished effect. These new LEDs are awesome for parties or just chilling out and can even be used as night lights. We highly recommend colored LED 4-pack backers message us to upgrade to the new Large Bright-RGB LED option! <url>’s just as bright but has a more attractive light pattern and can be operated with a remote control. The white remote can be added to any White LED for $7. Just like the RGB LED, the White LED runs on 3 AAAs and last about 8 hours. We recommend replacing with rechargeables. The remote uses a button cell and has a 7-10 foot range. One white remote works with multiple white lights, but the white LEDs do not work with the RGB remote, and the RGB LEDs don’t work with the white remotes. <url>’t recommend doing it because water can seep in and corrode them over time. Nevertheless, it’s nice to know that if a light does fall in just dry it well and you’ll be fine. <url>’re upgrading from another LED we’ll send a Paypal request for the difference in cost (if you don’t use Paypal we can make other arrangements). Here’s how it will work: Say you originally got the colored LED 4-pack ($13) and you want to upgrade to the new RGB LED ($22). Send us a message and we’ll update your order and send you a Paypal request for the difference in cost. In this case it would be $9. If you also wanted to add the RGB remote ($8) it would be $17 total. We’re planning on ordering the LEDs next week so if you want upgrades or additions please let us know by Monday so we can finalize the count and get the order in. From past experience we’re expecting lots of messages so please be patient because it may take a few days to respond. Thanks again for your support! -Craig &amp; David Hey Backers! This week we visited Rockport Logistics, our state-of-the-art warehouse in Aurora, IL. Check out our shipping packaging for a single aquarium. The inner box with supports ensures everything arrives safe and sound. Continental US orders ship UPS ground. New LED options arrived today and they are awesome! We’re putting together a short video and can’t wait to share it with you next week! Thanks again and enjoy the weekend! -Craig &amp; David Hey Kickstarters! Those were a couple pictures from our factory visit last week. We met the man who pulls the lever and watched a sample part get made! The part didn’t fit quite right but won’t delay things because it’s thermoformed so mold modifications are quick. We should have a new, hopefully perfectly fitting part next week. The great news is that we received samples of our injection molded part - which has tooling (molding) times of 6-8 weeks – and it fits great! Glass and other components are coming along nicely. We’re still on track for April shipping! We are visiting our warehouse/assembly/fulfillment center next week and will post another update then. If you haven’t done so already please complete your backer reward surveys ASAP because it will make a terrible mess of things if we start working on a partially completed reward spreadsheet – and you know how much we hate messes! We also expect to have a major announcement within the next couple of weeks about some amazing new LED options coming your way! This is exciting news! Stay tuned and thanks again for your support! -Craig and David A bunch of you added LEDs to your rewards since our last update so we figured we’d send out another reminder in case anybody missed it. This is your last chance to upgrade your aquarium with LEDs and add international shipping funds. Our project ends shortly after midnight tonight (CST) so the time to act is now! For those of you who missed it, we really recommend upgrading to the Large Bright-White LED to make the most of your aquarium. It’s so powerful that it has a stunning effect even in a lit room! The colored LED 4-pack is great for setting cool moods and parties and are for night-time use. We also had a bunch of questions about how to modify pledges. We will post instructions in the comment section below. Let us know if you have any questions by messaging us. This way we can see you pledge amount and are better able to assist you. Please help us in our push to $50,000! We’re almost there and your Facebook post or Tweet could be the one to push us over the top! Thanks again for all your support! We're excited to start production and will send updates along the way! Hey Kickstarters! We wanted to remind everybody that there are only 2 days left in our project so if you’re thinking about adding lights or aquariums to your order the time to act is now! The Large Bright-White LED is awesome and makes a dramatic impact at night (This is a must have accessory!) The colored LED 4-pack provides tantalizing accent lighting for setting cool moods and parties. The traditional Bright-White LED gets the most use in our home’s but you can’t go wrong with either (or both!) lighting options. This has been an extremely exciting and educational time for us and we can’t thank you enough for making it all possible! We’re excited to start production and get these aquariums in your homes, offices and classrooms around the world! We’ve had requests from Kickstarters who want the lid but aren’t ordering a light kit (lids are included in light kits). To add a lid to your aquarium reward please add $3 to your pledge per lid. The lid is made from clear plastic and fits inside the top of the aquarium. This recessed design makes it virtually invisible. There are holes in the lid for both aeration and easy feeding. The lid provides protection for your fish and can even be used as a shelf for holding food or other small supplies. Dimensions are approximately 2.75” x 1.5” deep. Check out pictures of the lid in action holding lights on our home page. Thanks again for your support! Here are the USPS Priority International rates to Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines and Japan. Published shipping time is 6-10 days but can be longer if your package is stopped at customs. These are transportation costs only. Tracking and indemnity included. You are responsible for payment of any customs fees, duties / taxes upon delivery. Thanks for your patience and support! Singapore Malaysia Philippines Japan 1 Aquarium Package $60 $60 2 Aquarium Package $90 $80 4 Aquarium Package $150 $125 · An aquarium with no decorations is like a home with no furniture. If you don’t want to go the artificial plant route we recommend plants that will do well in low light conditions. The following is a list of aquatic plants seen in our video and pictures. They can be found in most pet stores and are proven to do well. -Aqua Fern (Trichomanes Javanicum) -Tropical Fern (Microsorium Pteropus) -Crested Java Fern (Microsorium Pteropus) -White Ribbon (Dracaena Sanderiana) -Banana Plants -Anubias Make the most of your self-cleaning aquarium and enjoy your new Betta Tank/Water Garden to its fullest! Ok, so here are the USPS Priority International rates by region - at a huge savings to UPS! Published shipping time is 6-10 days but can be longer if your package is stopped at customs. These are transportation costs only. Tracking and indemnity included. You are responsible for payment of any customs fees, duties / taxes upon delivery. *Canadian shipping method remains unchanged from our first update and ships UPS Standard. We didn’t list USPS pricing to Canada because it’s much more expensive and we didn’t want anybody getting confused and thinking we’re raising prices. It’s available upon request. Thanks again for your support! Europe (non-UK) Canada* &amp; Scandavia UK Australia &amp; NZ 1 Aquarium Package $18 $55 $60 $60 2 Aquarium Package $23 $65 $75 $90 4 Aquarium Package $34 $95 $120 $155 Hello again Kickstarters! This update is to address some concerns regarding international shipping. In addition to UPS International shipping we are now ALSO looking into USPS. USPS should be more cost effective however the delivery time is longer- but at least the shipping method will now be your decision. We will let you know at our soonest. These past couple weeks have been extremely educational for us and thanks again for all the helpful feedback. There is more to come and we will surely keep you posted! Hey Kickstarters, Below are the amounts to add to your pledge for international shipping to Canada, Europe, Scandinavia, Australia &amp; New Zealand. These are transportation costs only (tracking and insurance included). The importer (you) are responsible for payment of duties / taxes upon delivery. All international rewards ship UPS Expedited except for Canadian rewards which ship UPS Standard. UPS Expedited service includes all related transport fees. With UPS Standard service to Canada there’s an ”entry fee” of approximately $15 per package assessed for customs clearance. This fee will be collected at the time of delivery along with any other taxes / duties imposed by your government. Obviously, the more aquariums you order the lower your per aquarium cost will be, so reach out to your friends and split a 4-pack for the best pricing. We are still exploring shipping arrangements for other regions of the world and will be back with another update soon. There are no additional shipping charges for LED lights added your reward. To add to your pledge simply login to your Kickstarter account and find the “manage your pledge” button on our project page. Add the appropriate amount to your pledge, click continue and submit. Thanks again for your support! Canada Europe Scandavia Australia / NZ 1 Aquarium Package $18 $108 $123 $125 2 Aquarium Package $23 $149 $177 $190 4 Aquarium Package $34 $214 $260 $289 Hey Kickstarters. Wanted to let you know about a fun Facebook contest we’re holding. Count the number of gum balls in the aquarium and win a prize! Please “like” our page so you can participate in the fun. We have 1st, 2nd and 3rd place prizes available. Even if you are already getting a self-cleaning aquarium you are still eligible to play and WIN! After all, two aquariums are better than one – especially when you don’t need to clean them! We’re also giving away a few debit cards. So click the link below to play and good luck! (open to legal US residents only) <url>#!/NoCleanAquariums?sk=app_192229990808929 PS: Please share this contest with your friends. You do not need to be a backer to play. Thanks for your support! Contest ends Friday, January 27th @ 11:59pm CST Hey Kickstarters, Because of your overwhelming support one of our suppliers has begun work on the molds for the components of the aquarium. We hope to have everything in place to start production soon after the project ends. Thanks for getting us off to a fast start and making this possible! International shipping information is coming very soon.