Dear Backers Thank you for your continued patience. We are happy, that in spite of the ongoing patent discussion, we have the agreement of all parties, that we can start shipping the NUIA software and SDK to you. It will still take a bit before we can make the eye tracking hardware available to you, but you can immediately start using the NUIA software with all the other sensors that are already supported by NUIA, including: LEAP Motion Microsoft Kinect (Gesture sensor) Creative Gesture Camera Nuance Speech Control and many more If you have questions or suggestions regarding supported hardware please drop us an email at nuia-<email>. With the NUIA SDK the developers amongst you can also immediately start adapting NUIA to your favorite apps and games and realize your vision on how natural user interaction should work. The detailed instructions on how to download and activate your individual copy of NUIA software and SDK will be send to you within the next days. Start diving into the NUIA experience of computer interaction! We are looking forward to your feedback and ideas. Thank you for your continued support &amp; best regards from Munich, Tore, Stephan and the entire NUIA Team Dear Backers, Dear Kickstarters, Dear Product People We apologize for the long delay since our last update. In the meantime, 4tiitoo and the eyeCharm project have been threatened with patent claims and we were very busy trying to create a solution to bring eye tracking to you anyway! We wanted to keep you in the loop, but with multiple parties and lawyers involved we were not able to update you during the negotiations. Please accept our apologies for the long period of silence and the fact, that the eyeCharm has not been shipped yet . The good news is, that we are close to a final solution that will allow us to ship eye tracking to you. We are now in the stage of preparing the contracts around the solution, necessary to be able to communicate the details to you. Please bear with us for a bit more. We understand if you are disappointed by the delay - be assured, that we are doing everything possible to accelerate the communication as well as shipping eye tracking to you. Let us give you some background information: Eye tracking for research has been around for a decades, but sensors and computing power were too expensive to make it available for "home use". When we started the eyeCharm project at Kickstarter, we set out to make eye tracking affordable. Affordable to the creative ones wanting to develop their own visions; affordable to the visionaries wanting interact with their computers in a whole new way; and affordable for those, whose only way it is to interact with a computer. When we reached our funding goal, we were honored by your backing and enthusiastically jumped to work making good progress. Maybe too good... A company holding patents in eye tracking, threw a roadblock into our way by claiming, that we might be infringing a patent. They asked us to stop the eyeCharm or negotiate a license price with them - Adding such a license price would have effectively made it impossible for us to deliver the eyeCharm to you. We are convinced, that the patent in question should not have been granted in the first place and we are most probably not even infringing it, but in spite of our conviction, the only way to resolve this would be to go for litigation. Why is litigation a roadblock to a company like us? Because we can not afford to even begin a patent litigation especially with the patent in question being a US patent - To give those of you an idea, that are not familiar with patent litigation in the US: Our research based on data from the American Intellectual Property Law Association showed, that the cost of an average patent lawsuit, is $1.6 million through the end of discovery and $2.8 million through final disposition. Even at a tenth of the cost, these kind of legal disputes remain a roadblock to young companies and we had to create a solution around it. Bringing eye tracking to you is a matter of heart to us. All of you, who have ever started on the endeavor of creating something and have been faced with these kind of challenges, will understand the pain we went through. We are dedicated to you, the people that have backed us, to bring more eye tracking into the world, and with your support in our hearts, we were able to continue the search for a way, that provides security on the patent side and allows you to get started on eye tracking and the NUIA technology as soon as possible. We will get back with details to you as soon as the contracts are signed. Thank you for your support - being faced with these challenges, we probably would have cracked without it. If any of you backers happen to be in munich and want to come by our office, it would be our pleasure to meet you. Best regards from Munich, Tore and Stephan As the NUIA eyeCharm would not be possible without you, we want to share some great news for 4tiitoo with you today: We have been recognized as Gartner "Cool Vendor 2013" in Human-Machine Interface! Wow, that's really cool! :) <url>…or started the flight simulator out of Excel? Software needs Easter Eggs as much as Easter does. With Easter coming up we have decided to give you your chance to hide an Easter Egg in our NUIA software. That is why we have added a pledge that lets you do just that: Hide your Easter Egg in all NUIA eyeCharm shipments. Whether it is a joke, a message or a feature, we will hide any creative idea into the NUIA software the way you want it.* Having now reached 90% of our goal of $100.000 is fantastic. Thanks again to all of you for supporting us. In the last days of our Kickstarter campaign we need to keep on spreading the word about the eyeCharm to hit our goal. You can support us in many ways: invite all of your friends to be Facebook fans or Twitter followers of the eyeCharm, send this Update-Email to all of your friends interested in future technologies and keep on telling people about the fascination of eyetracking and our kickstarter project. We wish you all a happy Easter and Let us kickstart eye tracking together! The eyeCharm Team *content that is defamatory, obscene or in violation of any law excluded and we will need the source code to make sure only safe code is included in our shipments The eyeCharm team is very much looking forward to seeing the eyeCharm featured on German TV channel Pro7 tonight. We had a great session with the Galileo crew and our eyeCharm this week. Funda, the host, is definitely one of the most talented eye controllers we have ever seen: Playing Fruit Ninja with her eyes, she made an all time high score - including all the scores from our team!! The teaser is already on their website ( <url>…and to make that easier for you, we have created a set of short videos focussing on one use-case each . You know, what the eyeCharm is about, but many people don't know about the possibilities and the magic of eye tracking yet. With the use-case videos it will be a lot easier for you to share the possibilities. We will continue to add more use-cases. Use-Case links: <url>"Like" button below the video to make the eyeCharm successful! Cheers! Your eyeCharm Team Thanks to all of you who have already pledged for us. This is such a great and emotional experience and this is only possible because of you! We are so much looking forward to bring eye tracking to your home. The eyeCharm has received great media coverage around the globe, so many people want to get an eyeCharm, who have never backed a Kickstarter project. To make it easier for them, we have added the following “how-to” guide. Please skip the rest of this Update, if you have pledged on Kickstarter before. How to get an eyeCharm Many of you have asked us, how Kickstarter works, so here is a little background and a quick “how-to” guide. Kickstarter Intro: Kickstarter has been helping projects to become products since 2009. It is already very known in the US, but internationally it is just starting to take off. Pledging for a product on Kickstarter is actually very similar to ordering something on Amazon - the main difference is, that the production will only start, if the minimum funding goal for the project is achieved (in our case $ 100.000). There is no risk for you - if we don’t make this goal, you will keep your money. How to pledge/order in 4 steps: Step 1: Scroll up and on the right side of this page click on the respective “Pledge” (=Order or Contribution depending on the pledge) you want to make Step 2: Confirm the amount you want to pledge - shipping should be automatically added to the pledge if you live outside the US, otherwise don’t forget to add it. Step 3: Create your personal Kickstarter account or login with your Facebook credentials. Step 4: Make the payment via Amazon (The money will be reserved and only paid if we raise the full funding goal) That’s about it. Now look forward to your eyeCharm and have our Kudos that you have supported us! If you want to dive in deeper, of course you can find more on this from Kickstarter themselve here . Please keep the support up and help to spread the word, so we can make eye tracking accessible to everyone! The eyeCharm Team