Hi Zymatic Backers! We know it’s been a while since you’ve heard from us on here, and we wanted to fill you in on some exciting news. Our Pico U campaign is live now as we introduce the world’s first universal brewing appliance. You’ve been with us since the beginning and we can’t thank you enough for your support. We’re going beyond beer with this one…Pico U brews coffee, kombucha, tea, dry soda, fusion beverages, and craft beer. Make your own ice-cold black rice horchata, crisp lemon cilantro dry soda, yerba mate chai, and more. Check out this weekend update from our Chief Science Officer and co-founder, Jim Mitchell, and Program Manager, Mike Brennan. They’re going over all the details about fusion beverages and more. We don’t want to spill all the beans (err, coffee beans?) but there might even be a demo at the end. Take a few minutes to watch our latest video update and head over to our Pico U Kickstarter page to learn more ! Cheers! If you have been looking at KegSmarts™ now's the time to act! Less than 48 hours remain to lock in Kickstarter prices and delivery time-frames. (As you know from experience, we focus on our Kickstarter backers first, so there will be a delay in shipment/delivery for items ordered post-Kickstarter) New CO2 KegPlate and Kegs A La Carte The CO2 Plate is an item we're quite proud of. Simply rest your 5lb CO2 tank on the plate and KegSmarts™ will track your CO2 use and alert you when you’re getting low. In fact, you can even get an alert when you have a CO2 leak (and if you haven’t had one of those before, consider yourself lucky!) If you’d like a CO2 plate, just add $59 to your pledge today. The other item we've added, by popular request, are 5G Cornelius kegs for $99 and no extra shipping cost. These do not include a shortened dip tube or KegSeal like the kegs in the PicoBrew store....they're just straight-up 5G corny kegs for racking your beer. Just increment your pledge by $99 for every keg you want and we'll take care of you. New T-Shirt and Additional Sticker We're throwing in a new T-Shirt (and stickers) for $999 and up pledges. Show your support for Fresh Craft Beer Technology with our Mt. Rainier shirt! We’re in the home stretch right now, so please help spread the good word on KegSmarts™! As always, thanks for your support! -The PicoBrew Team Hello Zymatic® Backers, If you’re looking for the perfect companion to your PicoBrew Zymatic®, please have a look at KegSmarts™ before our KegSmarts™ Kickstarter campaign ends! KegSmarts™ can help you ferment and dispense your beer as precisely as you PicoBrewed it. If you don’t yet own a kegerator: Our KegSmarts™ kegerator is the best quality+value available in stand-alone kegerators in all the ways that matter most: temperature range, capacity, quiet operation, stainless tower and front panel, top quality Perlick faucets and Tap-Rite regulators. KegSmarts™ integrated into the kegerator makes it an appliance that can ferment your beer automatically, controlled by your PicoBrew recipe schedules, and allows you to serve your beer at precise temperatures too. With the addition of KegPlates ™, your KegSmarts™ kegerator can automatically track how much beer you have left. (Alternately, you can manually track your beer level via convenient encoder-presses). With the addition of KegWarmers ™, your KegSmarts™ kegerator can maintain separate temperatures for up to two kegs. It’s like having two kegerators in one! If you already own a kegerator: Adding KegSmarts™ to your standard-tower kegerator is the best upgrade money can buy. Precise temperature control allows you to both ferment and dispense according to programmed temperatures specified in your recipes. Pledge the Build-Your-Own level and you’re on your way. If you don’t have a standard tower kegerator or you have international power requirements, you can still use KegSmarts™. Pledge the Build-Your-Own Experimenter level and you’ll receive a partially disassembled KegSmarts™ unit that’s easy to add to a stand-up refrigerator kegerator or wire for international use. The additional of KegPlates ™ and KegWarmers ™ gives you precise beer-level monitoring and temperature control. Psst! Two New Features! As the software for this product is still undergoing development, we’ve been testing several features for inclusion that we’re very excited about! Now that we’ve done enough testing that we can reveal that these two features are "in": 1. Fermentation Completion Detection. Yes, that’s right, we’ve developed a way to use the precision scales in a KegPlate™ to monitor degree of fermentation! Now you can be alerted when your fermentation has completed and eliminate the guess-work! 2. Tweets/Facebook Updates from your Kegerator! Want to let your social network know that you’ve just tapped a killer keg of your own custom double-IPA? Got you covered! KegSmarts™ now Tweets and posts for you! (If you want it to, of course, and per your settings). Production We've got the 302th unit past QC and awaiting ship! We're happy to report that we're up to 10 units per day which gets us to our 200/mo target. The important part of this target is and has always been getting there with quality , so we're very excited to have achieved this milestone! Kickstarter Final Fullfillment We expect all Kickstarter orders to be shipped by the end of the first week in Dec...Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good PicoBrew! PicoBrew.com Accounts All Kickstarter Zymatic(R) machine-level backers should have received account credentials for PicoBrew.com now. (If you have not, please contact us!). We have been dribbling out new functionality to PicoBrew.com over the past months, but now we're going to do more of a major site update (before the end of the year) that we really think you're going to love. What we have today is functional, but what we're moving to soon really celebrates the magical elixir that is beer! Thanks for making the world a better place through beer! -The PicoBrew Team Production We're continuing to ship, and now finally getting international units in customers hands. We're still seeing units damaged in UPS shipping (ShockWatch stickers on the box indicating trauma) and we may ultimately need to switch carriers, but we're going ahead with one more box modification to see if we can't solve the problem (mostly) ourselves. PicoBrewing Worldwide Wow! You guys rock! There's a whole lot of PicoBrewing going on, and it's starting to go international! Here's the snapshot over the past several days: We're also seeing a steady increase in the number of batches being brewed, which is just as cool: As always, thank you for your continued support as we strive to Get the World Brewing! -The PicoBrew Team Production. 132 units delivered or ready for local pickup, over a dozen more produced and waiting for Step Filters. Last week's Step Filter shipment had a lot of breakage, so we had this Wednesday's shipment packed better...fingers crossed. PicoBrewing Help With more people starting to PicoBrew we're getting more and more questions rolling in about everything from how-hard to press a ball-lock connector down on the post, to how to clean a keg. To help everyone out, we're pleased to announce that we've just posted our first 5 installments of "How To PicoBrew with Annie" on PicoBrew.com PicoBrew at GABF Annie, Jim and Morgan will be attending the Great American Beer Festival this week in Denver, manning the PicoBrew booth. It will be exciting to visit with our brewing industry friends and KickStarter Backers alike ....please stop by our booth, say "hi" and swap some beer (although sadly as an equipment vendor we can't serve beer on the show floor). The rest of the crew are back here in Seattle, beavering away to get your Zymatics out the door. Have a beer for us! Thanks for your support, -The PicoBrew Team Step Filters As per our update last week, Avi has been in Shenzhen this week, working with our plastics factory to fix their issues and get us high-quality Step Filters. We’re pleased to report that Avi has achieved his objective: approximately 100 parts were shot at a quality level Avi has approved, and the parts have been packaged and sent air freight to Seattle. Unfortunately, we haven’t received them yet. We were hoping they’d make it through on Friday, but it now looks like Tuesday is our day (due to the Monday holiday). Production We’ve been getting a steady 5 units per day from our assembly factory, and they’re getting better and better (less problems that we catch in QC and require rework/fixes). We have over 60 units here at PicoBrew now, some waiting for QC and fixes, but *all* waiting for Step Filters. We got kind of impatient and shipped out a dozen machines *without* Step Filters yesterday, with the expectation that when our big Step Filter shipment arrives Tuesday we can expedite shipping of a “second box” (Step Filter and accessories) to catch up to the “first box” for these customers. We really don’t like shipping this way, but we're so eager to ship that we just gambled on the Step Filters arriving Tue like they should. This Beer’s on Us: Thank You for your Patience! We really appreciate your patience. It looks like, once we get our Step Filters on Tue, we should be able to reach our first major production milestone (completing shipment of the first 100 units to customers) next week. It’s been a long journey, and you’ve been very patient with us, so to thank you we’d like to buy you all a beer! A complementary PicoPale recipe kit (pictured above) will start shipping next week to all of our Kickstarter machine backers, starting with the lucky first 50 who already have (or will be getting very shortly) their Zymatic®. For later backers we’ll package these recipe kits with your machines so the ingredients are fresh. PicoPale is one of our tasting-room favorites, and we hope you’ll enjoy this beer on us as a small token of our appreciation. Do us a favor, though, when you make your PicoPale: share a pint with one of the haters on the brew forums....these folks seem like an unhappy lot, and a glass of great tasting pale might just brighten their day (and open their minds!) As always, thanks for your support! -The PicoBrew Team Great news! Last week we received a box of 30 replacement pumps from our pump vendor and put them through our rigorous testing process -- and to our great relief, these all passed QA with flying colors! We're expecting another box of pumps this week, but the exciting thing is, now we can go from the (slow) process of hand-assembling units here at PicoBrew to starting up the production line in Ballard! The image above shows both a hand-assembled unit being shipped and units being assembled at our new assembly line. By the end of this week we'll have a picture of our assembly line throughput and we should be able to answer (with greater fidelity) your "when will my unit ship?" questions. Thanks for your patience and support! -The PicoBrew Team This little devil has been causing us no end of trouble! (manufacturer name blacked out to protect the guilty) We qualified heat-loop pumps from this mainstream pump vendor approximately 1 year ago and have been using them in pre-production machines since then with no problems whatsoever over many hundreds of hours of brewing use. Unfortunately, when we started installing the newer shipment of pumps that we received we started getting mixed modes of failures. One of our local Kickstarter backers experienced this when his machine started leaking from the pump head after 3 batches! (We've since replaced the pump/repaired his machine of course). Jim has spearheaded lifetime testing on these “continuous duty, 30,000 hour life” pumps and with ten brand new pumps saw failure rates over 50% within six hours at temperature and 70% within 10 hours. This compares to zero failures in hundreds of hours of brewing with the previous two batches of pumps from the same vendor. You can see Jim’s automated test rig below (safety covers removed for the photo) We're happy that we didn't ship more than 2 machines with these defective pumps, but at the same time, no manufacturer is happy to have shipped defective parts to a customer, and fortunately our pump vendor is no exception. They have been responsive and we are getting a new lot of pumps to test and working with them to track down and reserve stocks of pumps to employ to keep production from stalling. Meanwhite, machines are trickling out as we hand build and test units using our handful of original/remaining good heat pumps. We can’t start up our assembly line until we have enough heat pumps to install in heat-exchanger loops. Thanks and please stay tuned… -The PicoBrew Team Our ship room (Olivia and Brynna that is) just completed packing and shipping all T-shirts yesterday! Today we'll finish getting the Tasting Sets out. Happy Holidays, The PicoBrew Team Remember, IE doesn't work for the streaming cam (Chrome works fine). Enjoy! By popular demand, here's a link to the backer's bash webcam page: <url>"backersbash" for the live lab camera stream The wide-angle high-resolution camera will be live &amp; streaming, but the other two are cheaper webcams that we can't stream...they'll only post static updates (hit refresh!) All cams go live 5:00pm Saturday You'll need to use Google Chrome or Safari to view this -- Microsoft IE 11 apparently doesn't support MJPEG. Now that the furor of the Kickstarter campaign has died down we're heads-down on getting Zymatic(TM) ready to ship! Our long pole, as we mentioned on our Kickstarter page, is getting injection-molded plastic parts, and Avi's boiled this down to a contest between two remaining vendors. We plan to make the choice next week by the time the Kickstarter funds become available to us, so we can get this tooling on rails. If you pledged for a T-Shirt, look for a poll from us shortly regarding choice and size. If you pledged for a machine, look for a poll from us shortly regarding choice of Backer Bash dates. Taster Sets are currently being manufactured and assembled. We'll contact Taster Set pledgers when these are ready to ship. Thanks for your support -The PicoBrew Team Thanks to your great support we just completed the 2nd best Kickstarter Food-related campaign of all time! (1st place belongs to our friends right up the street at Sansaire ) Thank you! Wow! Astonishing finish to the campaign achieving the last stretch goal with more than an hour to spare! Thank you! We'll send out a poll shortly to find out the best time for the Bash(es), and we look forward to seeing you all there! And for those that can't make it to Seattle, we're going to arrange to stream the event live so you can at least enjoy it vicariously! Cheers! -Your Very Grateful PicoBrew Team We have 18 hours to go and we've already had unprecedented support, but if we can top 650K we want to throw a little party: a PicoBrew Backer Bash! What's a Backer Bash? Well, officially it's a PicoBrew Open House (or two, depending on how many people sign up) for all those of you who pledged at the Zymatic(TM) machine level -- you can come tour our shop, lab and tasting room! You backed it, so why not come touch/see/smell/taste it!?!?! It's your chance to experience PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) machines before they ship (sorry, we can't pay your travel expenses to Seattle). Thank you Zymatic(TM) hardware-level backers! The support you've shown has been overwhelming, and we're happy to announce that you've earned all 4 stretch goal rewards! Here is a summary of the stretch goal rewards we'll be shipping with your machine: Thank you again! Well, you earned it: a spare Keg Lid and Airlock for all Zymatic(tm)-level backers! Looks like we're well on our way to another big milestone too -- 600k! There are still 5 days to go, so here's what we're going to do. We have a special "keg accessory pack" that we were planning on selling separately -- we're now going to throw that in with your Zymatics if/when we hit 600k in pledges. The pack consists of a keg-line jumper that allows you to conveniently pressure-transfer your beer from keg to keg (for example, racking from a 5G fermenting keg to a smaller keg for dispensing) and a party tap, in case you want to sample your beer before it's in the kegerator, or if you want to bring a keg to a party....Party on Kickstarters! Thank you for your votes on the 500K Stretch Goal Reward! The consensus through EOD Friday was very strongly in favor of a spare keg lid (&gt;90%) and airlock so upon reaching 500K we'll be adding this to all machines that ship (in addition to the fermenting lid + airlock already included). Here's a picture of the keg lid (note the hose-barb in place of the pressure-release valve) Looks like we're well on our way to the 500K stretch goal too with 10 days to go, so it's time to set an even bigger stretch goal....Stay tuned! THANK YOU! Today we surpassed our 400k stretch goal! We're super pleased with your support and as promised we will now be including sampling ports with all machines...(we think you're going to love 'em....this is what we use everyday in the lab to draw our samples!) Time for a new stretch goal: 500k! This is a big number, and we had some debate about what the best reward would be for hitting this major milestone. We decided to turn this one over to you: what do you want for a reward? You're the ones out spreading the word about PicoBrewing, so you get to decide! Here are some of our favorite ideas: an extra brewing/fermenting keg lid and airlock a commemorative tee shirt calling you out as one of the pioneering PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) product backers/owners a choice of a cool green OLED instead of the stock white one we use (Kickstarter only) Please do send us messages with your choice--- we'll tally your input and make the call on Friday evening! As promised, we have an update on an international release: we're pleased to announce today that we’re adding an International Reward Level! This means is that we are making PicoBrew Zymatic™ available now in 110v or 220v versions (your choice) to ship to your international location (non-US and Canada). How it works: Your pledge now + shipping costs you pay when we arrange your shipment will get you shipment of a Zymatic™ unit direct from PicoBrew. You assume responsibility for import of the machine into your country which includes adherence to any local import laws, paying any import fees/taxes, and generally dealing with the country-specific stuff that we as a small start-up without a fleet of international tax experts are not equipped to deal with. (Est. shipping size/weight: 22”x16”x18” and 65 lbs) Outstanding! We're at 200% of goal in less than a week! Custom keg cozies coming your way! In this update we wanted to say Thank You , set our next stretch goal, and give you answers to the most common questions we're getting. New stretch goal: 400k At 400k we're going to give all backers at the $1299 level and up a PicoBrew Sampling Port . If you want to see how your beer wort is coming along mid-mash (perhaps you want to check a gravity reading and see how your nifty custom 15-step mash is doing) you need to draw a sample. How do you do that? Normal sampling is a bit messy, but with our valved sampling port all you do is twist on a syringe, pull the plunger, and twist the syringe off -- no muss, no fuss! (Includes the port inline in your keg connection hose + syringes). General Availability: $1999 and up starting Summer 2014 We're constantly being asked when we anticipate general availability and what the MSRP will be. At this point we're focused 100% on Kickstarter pledges and shipping Kickstarter rewards. We anticipate post-kickstarter pricing to start at $1999 and begin next summer. International: We're working on it! We've been working with our lawyer and a regulatory expert to see what we can ship and where. We're engineers, so we're confident we can get the engineering work done, but we want to make sure that we abide by a country's laws before we announce we can ship there. Expect an update this week! Sous Vide: Yes, you can Sous Vide with the PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) Cooking is not the main purpose of our machines, brewing is! But as Jim is fond of saying, "what goes better with a great beer than a great steak?" The fact is that YES... the PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) IS a great Sous Vide machine, so we're not going to hide that fact from you. We'll be publishing all of Jim's Sous Vide recipes along with our proven reference beer recipes (Jim cooks for us at PicoBrew every Wednesday: "Steak Wednesdays", and, well, we all look forward to Wednesdays!). One of the things we have planned on including with all PicoBrew machines is an off-the-shelf keg-cozy, like that shown in our main product image (but the 5G version). Why? Well, the keg radiates a lot of heat, and insulating it speeds up your brew time. And we didn’t want you to have to buy one yourself (these babies are $40-$50 ea!) Anyway, thanks to your great support we are now prepared to offer not just a stock keg cozy…we’re going to give you a custom keg cozy with every PicoBrew Zymatic™ system! (Assuming we hit our stretch goal) Why custom instead of off-the-shelf? Turns out that slipping those off-the-shelf cozies on/off the kegs is not so easy (think sliding a sweater on/off a hot stainless-steel wiener-dog!) So ours opens up via either snaps or a zipper (we’re testing both as we speak to see what works best). And, of course, ours has our favorite PicoBrew beer-on-black colored design as well, as you can see in the picture. Thanks, The PicoBrew Team OK, we've got to stop using "wow" but, well ....Wow!!! It's awesome that you guys love the PicoBrew concept! We just wanted to let you know that we really appreciate your support, and we're getting set to announce a reward for hitting the stretch goal of 200%/$300K! We're just taking a few pictures and talking to manufacturers so we can make this announcement with confidence....stay tuned! The PicoBrew Team We're very excited and humbled by the amount of support you've shown for PicoBrewing!!! It's just been overwhelming! Avi, Jim and I celebrated at 5:00 today with our favorite PicoBrewed beers (Jim: a roasty black lager, Avi a clone of Pliny the Elder, and Bill, a recipe that tastes suspiciously like Heady Topper). We're so lucky to have such great support (and to have the ability to crank out kegs of our favorite beers on demand!). Thank you Kickstarters! The PicoBrew Founders When we started PicoBrew we thought that maybe, just maybe there were a bunch of like-minded individuals out there who shared our passion for great beer and beer brewing and wanted a better way to make beer......WOW!!! Turns out there are: over $100K pledged in less than 24 hours! You guys rock! We're just totally jazzed! After celebrating, we're now tanked up on espresso (the other great Seattle beverage) and back to work, heads-down on bringing PicoBrew Zymatic(TM) out into the world! Cheers, and thanks for your support! The PicoBrew Team