Hey everyone, Things have been wild since this Summer! We’ve shipped all of you by the beginning of September, and saw Lima devices keep popping up all over the world. Specific thanks to all of those who have sent out tweets with pictures ;) Very nice. If you haven’t received your Lima device yet, check out the very end of the update. During those few months, we’ve been constantly talking with you to keep improving your experience with Lima. Whether it was through support emails, feedback surveys, or the Lima Feedback Centre, you’ve been very helpful. Finding new bugs, showing us where improvements were needed, etc.: your feedback has been incredibly valuable. Just to give you a bit of overview: More than 14 000 emails were exchanged between you and our support team (<email>) since the end of July. 591 topics have been created and discussed on the Lima Feedback Centre since its introduction. You’ve probably been in touch with Christophe, Arnaldo, Thierry, Leon, Benjamin, Karine, Carmen, Cecile, Stephane, Narim, Manuel, Haingo or Faniry already. And have discussed with Gawen, Denis, Pierre, Dmytro, Guenole, JC, Pierrot, Charles or other developers on the Feedback Centre. So, how have things improved in the product since this summer? Every Monday , we post a tech update explaining you what we’ve been working on over the previous week. You can find all of these here . I’ll sum things up since July: Week 30 (end of July): We released 0.9 version for all platforms and shipped all of those who hadn’t been part of the beta tests yet. Week 32 (beg of August): Version 0.10 was released for all platforms. Boost of performance and stability on all platforms, On desktop computers, files are no longer kept offline by default, In your Lima Preferences, you can check if you’re in P2P or relay, You can open and share any Lima files with another app on Android. Week 36 (end of August): Updated versions of 0.10 are released on all platforms. More stability, introduction of the Lima Feedback Centre to communicate directly with developers on problems found, You can open and share any Lima files with another app on iOS. Week 40 (end of September): Version 0.11 was released on iOS and Android. Big boost of performance (x10!) on all operations, New status on mobile for clearer understanding of what’s happening with your files. Week 42 (mid-October): Version 0.11 was released for Windows and version 0.12 for iOS and Android. Windows does a x10 in terms of performance, Possibility to reset your password More options to choose Lima’s behavior in Advanced Settings. Internationalization for iOS and Android. Week 43 (end of October): Version 0.12 was released for Windows. Internationalization: Lima is available in Spanish, German, Italian &amp; French Week 45 (beginning of November): Version 0.13 was released for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android El Capitan support (hurray!) and a x10 improvement in terms of performance for Mac, internationalization and password reset, More information and ETA of what’s happening between your computer and your Lima when you click on the Lima icon in your taskbar, Recent hard drives are able to sleep when not used by Lima, New wizards on mobile to help you get started and make the first photo import, Major stability improvement on all platforms. Lima 1.0 is here Today is a big day because we’re now officially coming out of beta. We’re releasing a new version. Version 1.0. Version 1.0 brings massive improvements for all platforms. It’s 10 times faster to upload files to the Lima device when you’re outside of your home network, It’s 10 times faster to download files from the Lima device when you’re outside of your home network, Performances when you’re in relay are 5 times better , Stability is much better. Because it’s such a big update, we need you to update all platforms in order to use Lima properly. If you haven’t installed Lima yet, just go on install.meetlima.com and follow the steps. If you have a version of Lima prior to 0.9 installed on your computer , uninstall the Lima app ( following these steps ) and re-install it, following the steps of install.meetlima.com . If you have a version of Lima equal to or superior to 0.9, the application will automatically tell you to update within the next 24 hours. If you’re using Crashlytics: delete the Lima app, and download the 1.0 version from the official stores ( AppStore and Play Store ) To make 1.0 complete, there will also be a firmware update pushed on Lima devices by the end of the week. This will be done automatically. What else is coming? Coming out of beta doesn’t mean we’ll stop updating the Lima apps. Quite the opposite. 1.1 is already on all of our minds, and will be focused on the back-up plan , to have 2 Lima devices back each other up in case one the hard drive fails. * We can’t wait to see you all update to this new version and tell us what you think. Severin and the Lima Team *** PS: To all of those who haven’t received their Lima devices yet: this isn’t normal. Can you please: Check for emails sent by “<email>” in your inbox (we’re using the email of your Kickstarter account). You should have received an email asking you to confirm your rewards or confirm your address. Make sure to check your spam as well. If you find it, just follow the steps indicated in the email and you will be shipped right away. If you can’t find any emails from us, please send an email to <email> so that they can check what went wrong. Hey everyone, Today is the big day! We’ve been waiting for this day since we’ve started our journey on Kickstarter. We are now ready to ship the Lima devices to all of our backers! We’ve released the Lima 0.9 software version last week. As we were explaining you in our weekly updates , this was the last essential step before we could move to mass shipping. What does it mean for current Beta Testers? For those who have been part of the Beta Program (i.e. all of those who have already received their Lima device and have installed Lima 0.8.1 or prior versions), you have received an email last week inviting you to switch to Lima 0.9 and giving you all the instructions you need to do so . (The email is called "Lima 0.9 is available: 3 reasons why you'll love it".) Today also marks the end of the Beta Testing Agreement . You’re no longer bound to it and you received an email today confirming that you can now speak about, show and share your experience with Lima as you like. What does it mean for backers who weren't part of the Beta program? For backers who are starting the Lima experience now, you will receive an email today asking you to confirm your shipping address . Nothing special is required from you apart from confirming your shipping details. No Beta Testing Agreement. No Beta Key. Just confirm your address, and your Lima will be ready to go! You'll receive an email when your Lima leaves the warehouse with a tracking number. Note that since we're now shipping everyone at once, it might take a bit of time to receive yours (up to 3 weeks maximum). The first people to confirm their shipping address will be the first shipped, so confirm yours ASAP! The email is sent to your Kickstarter email address, so make sure to check this inbox and your spam if you haven't received yours. What’s next? Even if it’s a great and major milestone for us today, the adventure is far from over. As you know, the Lima software isn't at its final stage yet, and will gain stability and features in the coming weeks and months. You will all keep receiving free software updates as we continue development. Lima is not bug free yet, but thanks to the support &amp; time of our thousands of beta testers we’ve tackled the most critical challenges. For the time being, please note that using two Lima devices to back each other up is not supported, and that this feature will be implemented in the next few weeks. The Linux client is not included at this stage, even if it’s a great priority on our side and will come ASAP. One last word Lima is an ambitious project. As you know, we’ve been going through some challenges in the past year and a half. I would like to sincerely thank all of you for your patience, support and also for your questions and feedback. We’ve been learning so much along the road, it has been an incredible experience. I would like to congratulate the whole Lima team for all the efforts, the energy, the time they’ve dedicated to this amazing product, the great ideas and massive work they’ve produced to make it happen. Gawen and I are very proud of this first achievement and we’re convinced we’re just at the beginning of the next revolution in computing. We can't wait to see you playing with Lima. Let’s keep building the next big thing together! Severin Hey everyone, It’s awesome to see so many of you with Lima in their hands. As I’m writing, we’ve shipped 3935 of you, so we’ll hit the 4000 mark tomorrow. Note that all the backers who registered on the beta list from our last update have received their Lima devices. If you’ve registered and haven’t been given a chance to receive yours, check your emails as we should have sent you an email if something went wrong (ex: you haven’t filled out your backer dashboard). If you want to receive your Lima in Beta in the next few days, don’t hesitate to subscribe to the Beta list. We’ll ship the first to subscribe directly, and then keep following our rate of 1 backer shipped every 15 minutes. Where are we now? All the backers currently using Lima are using Lima 0.8.1 software version. It’s a good version already, but it’s still missing the final element that will make general shipping possible. That missing final element is the new firmware that we have prepared for Lima devices. That new firmware is extremely important because it solves the last critical bug of Lima, which is that performance decreases when you add a large amount of files in Lima at once. The new firmware also drastically improves performance in terms of data writing, CPU consumption, battery saving and consumption of temporary space. We’ve taken more time than anticipated on debugging 0.8 (which led us to pushing 0.8.1 last Wednesday) which explains why we haven’t fully integrated the new firmware yet. Since Wednesday however, the whole team is completely focused on this. The integration actually went pleasantly well, and we’re now testing it like crazy in house. Once we have a 0.9 version ready to be tested outside the office, we’ll push it to a small group of beta testers (50-100 people). Once it’s proved stable with them, we’ll push this software version to all current beta testers, and ship everyone else as well. We expect that to be around the middle of July. * What happens next? If you haven’t received your Lima device yet, here’s your choice: sign up to the beta list here , and receive your Lima device now (the list is now empty and we’re shipping 96 devices a day so it should be very quick). You’ll be using Lima with version 0.8.1 for now and will update to 0.9 when we ship. That means you’ll need to re-install Lima on your devices. wait for 0.9 to be released. Easiest way if you want everything to work right away without installing the software twice. As always, don’t forget that you can check the weekly tech updates on our blog to see what we’re working on. Have a great week, Severin Dear backers, Time is flying and June is there! As planned, we have two main challenges this month: keep improving Lima’s software &amp; ship more and more people until all of you have their Lima devices in hands. Let’s first talk about the latest developments of the product. Lima release 0.8 A new Lima version has been pushed to the beta testers on Friday, 29th of May. This new version came with performance improvements on the Core, a revised installation process for desktop and mobile making the whole thing much smoother, clearer information of the state of Lima and a better management of storage space on mobile devices. We have collected feedback from beta testers this past week and they confirmed us that the new release worked pretty well on Mac and iOS. It was a bit more chaotic on Windows and Android. After several exchanges with the testers through the week, a new release for Android (0.8.1) arrived on Friday and it fixed most of the bugs. All of the Android testers are now fully back on track. A new release for Windows is on its way and will arrive this week. We invite you to read the latest weekly digest on our blog to get more details about the work done. Strengthening Lima’s firmware Since the beginning of May, a specific team is working on a long sprint to revise Lima’s firmware for better handling of very large quantities of files. This is a key project that is necessary for a massive shipment of Lima devices. This sprint is almost over. We’re currently testing a first version of this new firmware and for the moment it looks great. We obviously need to keep testing it and correct the bugs we find before pushing it into production. We expect to release it at the end of June: this will be the go to ship all remaining backers. We will keep you posted on this in the tech updates we post on our blog every Monday . One important feature a lot of you are waiting for is the back-up plan . As a new version of the Lima firmware is in the works, we’ll need to adapt this feature to the new firmware before enabling you to use a second Lima device to back up the first one. This important feature will come a bit later than we thought, and will be available a few weeks after we ship you all the devices. Shipping, shipping and shipping We’re quickly approaching the 2000th backer milestone and we’re happy to announce that we’ve just doubled the shipping pace again! From now on, we’ll be shipping a new backer every 15 min :D For those who haven’t left their email on the waiting list yet, it’s here . (If you have already, you don’t need to put it again.) Don’t forget to make sure you use your Kickstarter email address (the one you had when you’ve pledged for our project - check your Kickstarter confirmation if needed), otherwise we won’t find you. Note also that there is no need to contact us to update your shipping address, as we’ll ask you to confirm your address in the shipping process right before sending. * Last but not least, having more and more backers onboard means we have more and more direct interactions with you, which is awesome. The Customer care team is doing its utmost to answer you as fast as possible, and we’ve been working on scaling our customer support since May. If you’re a new beta tester, here are a few tips for you. If you spot a bug, send a bug report using the Lima apps. Bug reports are used by the technical team to improve the product and collect your feedback. All reports are read and taken into account but we do not answer them personally. If you’re stuck somewhere and need specific assistance, send an email to <email>. Give as much details as you can (including screenshots, error messages, etc.) Check our FAQ which is updated daily and answers the most common questions. Read carefully all the emails we send you (from Team Lima), there are major instructions and tips in them (example: When installing Lima for the first time, you must create an account and choose a password, clicking on the link 'Create an account' at the bottom of the login page. Your Kickstarter or backer dashboard credentials won’t work.) As always, thank you for your support, for your kind words and for sharing your enthusiasm of being part of Lima adventure on Kickstarter! Severin Hello everyone, Yesterday morning, we made a surprise to the 1000th backer we were about to ship… I went to his place and delivered him personally his two Lima devices. I hope I did not disturb too much the family morning preparation! Accelerate shipping After crossing this “1000th backer” milestone, we’re ready to double the speed at which we send the Lima devices. It means that we will now ship a Lima every 30 minutes. Expect further increases of the shipping pace in the next few weeks. Once the product is stable (target: end of June), we’ll ship all remaining backers at once. For those who want to get their Lima device sooner, we invite you to leave your email here (if you haven’t done it yet). We ship on a first-come first-served basis: A few tips to make the process smoother: make sure you add your Kickstarter email (otherwise we will not find you) don’t worry about your shipping address: it will be checked right before shipping your parcel Don't forget to leave a Kickstarter comment on the thread or share a pic on Twitter when you receive your Lima device! New developments and bugs solved Every Monday, we publish on our blog a review of what we’ve been working on in the past week. (We share the link on the Kickstarter wall as well). Here are the last three ones: Week 18 Week 19 Week 20 To recap, the core team is continuing to work on an improved version of the Lima firmware to make it more solid &amp; punchy, and a lot has been done to solve crashes &amp; bugs in the Lima apps. We're now in the process of wrapping up all this work to make it available in the next release . It'll be Lima Beta 0.8, and it should come at the end of next week (depending on QA-approval). New videos To finish, I'd just like to share with you videos we’ve produced recently. The first is a lifestyle video to explain what Lima is. The second video is the first of a long series, focused on specific questions about Lima. <url>’re all very happy to see the community getting its hands on Lima. Severin and the Lima team Hello, There are some happy moments in life, and for me this is one. I’m glad to announce you that we’ve just ended the first phase of the beta testing program. This first phase had started in December. All the registered beta groups progressively joined the program (around 500 in total). During these months, those beta testers enabled us to identify some critical bugs of Lima. We’ve tackled most of them and Lima’s stability has been greatly improved. All the team wants to thank again all of the beta testers who helped us reach this point. As detailed in the update last week , we still have some challenges, but we are ready to start the next phase of the beta. We are now shipping the Lima Pioneer Kit Beta At this point, we can officially open the beta to any backer who wants to receive his reward. We will start by shipping a Lima device every hour. This shipping pace will speed up progressively, and everyone will have his Lima device shipped by the end of June. To receive your Lima device, you just need to add your Kickstarter email in the form below. The rule is simple, the first registered will be the first served. Jump in the beta when you want to. The second phase of the beta will mainly consist of: improving performance and stability, scaling adding features like the backup plan Backers who want to participate in the Beta will still have to sign a NDA for the moment, which we will keep requiring until the product is stable enough to be shipped with less debug info. The Lima device will be the same for beta and non beta users. However, the backers who are part of the beta program get an extended warranty of 1.5 years (the normal warranty is a year). The more you wait, the more Lima will be stable. And every time there will be a new software release, all Lima devices will be updated, so you will always get the latest improvements of the software &amp; firmware regardless of when you jumped in. In order to keep all of those interested up-to-date, we’ll continue to post updates here &amp; short reports on the progress of our development both on the Kickstarter comments thread &amp; on our blog, as we did last week . If you don’t want to use the beta you can choose to wait and receive Lima in June. So who wants to get his Lima device now? Let’s go! Severin and the Lima team Hello everyone, Mid-April is here! It’s time to share some news about the beta program and its current status. You may have seen some beta testers sharing their experience on the Kickstarter feed. We’re happy to see them taking time to give their first feedback. The 500 beta testers from the beta program soon to be all in The following beta groups * Montevideo - Lisbon - Singapore - Prague - Kuala Lumpur * will be invited today. They will test the Windows candidate for which tremendous progress has been done since the 1st release that went public at the beginning of March. Invitations for Rome, Berlin and Tunis groups have been sent yesterday, they were on hold until yesterday because they were the last groups we had for the Mac candidate. They are now joining the program and will test the latest Mac release we’ve just pushed last Friday. The only groups that haven’t been activated yet are the ones using Linux. Namely La Paz, Oslo, Nairobi, Dakar and Vienna , which add up to 25 people. As shared in the previous updates, the Linux candidate has been unprioritized to give us more time to stabilize Windows and Mac OS first. If Linux beta testers have other OSes, they are welcome to test Mac or Windows now. We'll send you an email today to enable you to do this. What is the status of the Beta Program? The Pioneer Kit - which beta testers have been testing since January - has been greatly improved and debugged. However, we still have some instabilities and non final limitations. Its performance also has room for improvements. We’re currently moving from a situation where only a limited number of people could join the program to a situation where we need to have more and more of you joining the beta. As of today, Lima isn’t reliable enough to use without back-up in an everyday use, yet those who are ready to start playing with it while reporting the bugs they encounter are more than welcome. Progress report since the beginning of beta tests We have put our focus on the following things since the beta tests are running: Improve the compatibility with the different devices connected to the Lima (computers &amp; mobile devices, routers and HDDs). On desktop, it’s the entire install process that has been refactored thanks to beta testers feedback and experience. We hope this will minimize fallbacks and misunderstandings. The performance of the Lima has been improved, it is now 6x faster than it was in January. Compatibility and features limitations The Pioneer Kit is currently supporting the following platforms: Windows 7 and Windows 8.1, all 64bits only Mac OS X 10.9.X and 10.10.X Android from 4.1 iOS from 8.X Currently missing features are: Send Collaboration Handling multiple HDDs on one Lima device Backup Plan Send, Collaboration &amp; Handling multiple HDDs will be integrated once the Pioneer Kit is stable. The Backup Plan (i.e having two Lima devices, one replicating the other) is a work in progress and is expected to be available in May. As for unification, you will be able to activate it through a software update in September as planned. What are the next challenges? Key topics on our roadmap right now are: better stability, higher performance and scaling. Better stability As said above, the product is still in beta. We’re obviously spending a lot of time fixing the bugs &amp; crashes reported by the testers. Better performance We’ve been working a lot to improve Lima’s overall performance during everyday use. Both on the device itself and on the Desktop/Mobile apps. Today, we’re still facing some important performance issues on the Lima firmware when users put a lot of files at once on their Lima. We now have dedicated a team to review the firmware so we can solve this issue as soon as possible. This critical task should take us a couple of weeks to fix. While it’s essential since Lima is designed to collect all of your files, this won’t stop the beta tests. Scaling Since we aim at putting Lima in hands that are not as expert as the ones of the first beta testers, it’s essential to ease its use. We’re working on functions like ejecting a drive, uninstalling Lima to set up a new account, or giving better indications when there is an issue with the drive. While these functions are not essential for the use of Lima, they are necessary to make sure you don’t get blocked while using it everyday. Speeding up the beta We are now getting ready to adopt a more continuous and regular shipping pace. By the end of the month, we aim at shipping a Lima device every hour. We will send you an update when this starts, and you'll be able to sign up to receive the Lima first, which will still be in Beta. This shipping pace will speed up progressively from then so that everyone gets his Lima by the end of June. On a more practical note, we are receiving a lot of requests to update your shipping address , so we have set up a confirmation tool that will allow you to confirm or update your address before the parcel is leaving the warehouse. So there’s no need to contact us in advance, you will be able to do all the necessary changes just before your shipping. * I’m very happy to see that things are moving forward and that more and more backers can join the beta. I can not thank you enough for your patience and support! Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, April is approaching, so let me share with you some fresh news about how everything is going: Progress of the beta test program, Next groups that will be joining, Cool features that our 150+ testers are currently testing, How are we getting prepared for the general gradual shipping. Beta Test Progress In our last update, we were targeting to have 200+ beta testers by the end of February. Within these new testers, two groups were dedicated to the Windows application (Bangkok and New Delhi). However, we had some performance issues with the Windows release candidate, so we ended February with less people than we wanted. The good news is that these issues are now solved and we’ve just sent the instructions to the Bangkok group to start the external tests on Windows. If you’re part of the New Delhi group, you’re the next Windows group, and we will invite you later this month to join the beta program. Windows So, what happened to the Windows candidate? It was ready in the end of February as planned, but QA detected some concerns with the performance of the Lima application on Windows 7 and on Windows 8.x: browsing the filesystem made the Windows Explorer unacceptably slow. We chose to perform another optimization pass to make it better and more stable. We have good hopes that this bump in the schedule will be caught up by mid-April. We will keep you posted on that once we have the first results of the tests provided by the Bangkok group. Mac Continuing to increase the number of beta testers on Mac is crucial to keep making it more robust and stable. A new major Mac release is scheduled in two weeks. That’s when Tunis , Rome and Berlin groups will be invited to test as well. With Bangkok, New Delhi, Tunis, Rome and Berlin joining this month, we will double the size of the beta testers’ community. Once we have more visibility on Windows, we will let you know how April will be organized and how we'll keep welcoming more and more backers. Enabling the Movies &amp; Artists Views In the last release, we have been able to activate the full media browsing experience on iOS and Android mobile devices. The Artists &amp; Albums view is now available for Music, and there's also the Movies view that greatly improves the video-watching experience. To see how Lima works when you add a movie into it, watch this video . We're glad to have been able to activate this feature, as the mobile experience on Lima is now complete. The first feedback we have from beta testers on this is very positive. Getting Ready for Shipping Behind the scenes, shipping several dozens of backers at the same time gave us the opportunity to test our two logistics platforms. We’ve partnered with logistics experts in the United States and in Europe to have an automatic service that is able to ship hundreds of products the same day with a high quality level. January shipments helped us identify and correct some bugs in the system. For example, because of a bad listing set-up between our two systems, 3 beta testers have received the wrong products. Overall no big issues, February shipments went smoothly and we should be 100% ready from next month. Note that all European Union backers will receive their rewards from a European warehouse, which will make it much faster for them (no customs or transatlantic trips). One last word to thank again the beta testers that are dedicating a lot of their free time to help us. You can not imagine how energizing it is to interact with this ever-growing beta community everyday! As usual, drop us an email if you have any question (<email>). Have a great week-end, Severin Hey everyone, Our project is an ongoing adventure. In today’s update, we’re happy to bring you some news concerning beta tests (how it’s going, next groups joining the program this month, etc.) but also shipping (new estimates and how it will be organized). It has always been difficult to give you a precise shipping date because the project is very complex and there have often been bumps in the road. After running a month of intense beta testing with some of you, we got the chance to learn a lot, correct a lot of bugs and improve the user experience. The work isn’t over yet, but it gave us some positive signs and helped us decide when we can move forward with global shipping. Beta test schedule Looking at how things are going, I’m happy to announce that the Beta program is about to get much larger in the next days: new groups have been invited (invitations were sent today) which will bring us to over 200 backers testing Lima by the end of February. That number will quickly grow two weeks later, as we’ll bring in over 500 backers in total by mid-March (including all registered beta testers). Today, we’re excited to welcome groups Hanoï and Cape Town, who are joining the current groups Tokyo, Cairo, Canberra, Santiago and Ottawa. The Windows platform will be ready for external tests in the last week of February. Beta testers from group New Delhi and Bangkok, be on the lookout as we’ll be sending you instructions by then. General shipping: Pioneer Kit &amp; new timeline As you know, beta testers have been using the Pioneer Kit so far. The Pioneer Kit is a version that limits the scope of Lima’s technology on your computer and only syncs a part of your files, which helps us make sure our filesystem is robust enough for everyday use. The only difference between the Pioneer Kit and the full Lima experience is that with the Pioneer Kit, Lima won’t manage all of your user files: you’ll have to manually select the files that you want to be synced by dragging and dropping them into a Lima “virtual drive”. The Lima drive won’t be here in the final version of Lima, as our app will automatically sync all of your user files. Until Lima can manage all of your files, the Pioneer Kit already enables you to benefit from most of the cool features of Lima. Because of this, we’ve decided that a great way to get Lima devices as soon as possible in your hands was to ship the Pioneer Kit to all of you as soon as it’s stable enough for everyday use. After our current work with beta testers, all of you will receive their Lima devices with a Pioneer Kit version of the software. We’ll then continue to test Lima with you until it is ready to manage all of your user content at once (what we call “unification”: no more Lima drive), at which point we’ll push a free software update enabling the switch from the Pioneer Kit to the full Lima experience. To give you more visibility on what the Pioneer Kit can do, here is a short list of what our beta testers are already doing with it and what you’ll soon be able to do too: All the files that you put in the Lima drive are instantly accessible from all of your devices (other computers, mobile phone, tablet), without going through the Cloud. Take pictures with your smartphone and get them automatically on all of your other devices. Free up some space on your smartphone without losing your pictures from sight when you’re in the Lima app. Listen to your entire music library on your smartphone, wherever you are. Watch a movie on your iPad, without the hassle of transferring it from your computer. Access thousands of movies on your tablet, even if it only has a few GB capacity. Select the movies or music albums you want to keep available offline during a flight or a train trip in just one click. View your content on your TV in one click thanks to Chromecast or Airplay. For those who’ve chosen the back-up plan (two Lima devices), your files are always and automatically saved in two different locations no matter what. This enables me to give you a new updated timeline: Starting mid-April: gradual shipping to all backers. You will receive your Lima devices and will be able to install the Pioneer Kit. September 2015 (estimated) : software update to switch from the Pioneer Kit to the full Lima experience. Beta tests: detailed results For those interested, here’s a little bit more detail about the results of the beta program so far, and a taste of the kinds of situations we’ve been facing. Once again, we’d like to thank the current beta testers, for their time and dedication to tracking bugs. Since my last update, I’m glad to say beta testers found 34 unknown bugs (of all kinds), and we already solved 27 of them. Some examples of bugs found by beta testers and solved by the Lima team: In some cases, iOS testers noticed that they couldn’t stream content on their mobile devices after those had fallen asleep. This had to do with a bad handling of the way iOS prioritizes different apps which caused network issues on our side. In field tests, we discovered that data transfers were not optimal when streaming content from multiple devices. Actually, in the same way that torrents work, Lima can download a file from multiple devices at once by getting different parts of a file from different devices. At first, the Lima attributed equal priority to all of your devices and at times, this resulted in an unstable stream. But some sources are actually more adapted than others in some cases. For example, your Desktop computer is often the fastest to transfer data but the Lima device is the most reliable source. A fix was done by creating an order of sources to help the Lima app prioritize some devices over others to give you the fastest possible stream. Another irritating bug found by beta testers: they would delete a file on their Mac computer, and not only did the file stay on their mobile devices, but it would actually re-appear on their desktop computer. The reason behind this was that when you delete a file on a Mac, it actually moves it into another folder which is the Trash folder. There was a bug that prevented the other devices from seeing that the deleted file was moved. So the mobile device still had the deleted file and when the computer asked the mobile device if it had anything new, the mobile device would actually send back the deleted file. The file would then reappear on the computer. We managed to fix the bug behind this annoying chain reaction. Beta testers reported that they were receiving too many notifications to tell them which device was offline or online. We realized we were using data that was too raw to trigger these notifications. It’s normal for a network be a bit unstable but that doesn’t mean we should send a notification every single time there’s a bump. We fixed this and some related issues to clarify the online/offline status of device, which is very important in the decision process of Lima. All in all, the tests are going well as we’re finding the weaknesses and fixing them on the go. We’re making lots of progress towards stabilization of the software. Our main focus right now is bug solving, Windows platform and refactoring the UX of the install process based on the feedback we’ve got from beta testers. We’ve also strengthened the install process to deal with all of the situations where beta testers ended up in dead ends because they hadn’t installed Lima optimally (Lima device not properly plugged or interruption of the process, etc.). Things are looking good and although the wait has been long, the Lima device will soon be in all of your hands! If you have any questions, do not hesitate to send us an email (<email>). Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, A short update to tell you how the beta tests are going. As you know, we’ve shipped 100 backers at the end of December to start new beta tests on January 12th. After three weeks of tests, we are glad to see encouraging results. This first phase was mostly about seeing how Lima’s software reacted in all the different user scenarios, and particularly in the app setup phase. Beta testers issued 191 reports using the Lima Report Issue tools integrated in the apps. About 20% of them were duplicates. Those bugs came mostly from the Max OS X Lima platform and the beta testers helped to identify 56% of all the bugs. Regarding iOS and Android they participated respectively to 45% and 25%. Note that we have more iOS testers for the moment, which we will correct in the coming round of beta testers. Beta testers also give us their feedback by email. Those tests enabled us to find tricky issues such as the Mac OS X app that couldn’t be setup is some specific cases because of an internal network module that had never been used or configured on their platform, or another issue that exclusively affected some of the 32 bit mobile devices (iOS and Android). We’re still focused on stabilization as of now, but as new features come (including handling metadata), we’ll also need testers to focus on specific use cases. A big thanks to all current beta testers, most of whom are very committed and dedicated to tracking bugs and helping us improve Lima. We’re making enormous progress thanks to them, so a warm thank you from the team. Special mention to Nikolaus, Dan, John, Dries and Sjoerd who clearly show professional testing skills. Next steps of the Beta program Given the results of this first wave of the Beta, we’ll be able to open the beta program to more people soon. We’ve been testing the Lima apps on Mac, iOS and Android so far. Windows is still being tested internally as we finish preparing the platform to be beta ready. We plan to have new groups of beta testers by mid-February. By then, we’ll have a more precise idea of the shipping date for everyone and will publish a more substantial update. Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, Just an update to let you know that the first Lima devices have been shipped and arrived in beta testers’ hands, all over the world. As announced, we selected 100 backers for these series of tests. Here’s a photo that one beta tester shared on Twitter : And the map showing the 16 countries in which we have beta testers: We’ll speak to all of these beta testers on the phone next week, to make sure everyone is ready for the software delivery on January 12th. For the beta testers: you’ll receive an email about this soon. Note that our testers have signed an agreement regarding what we’re expecting of them. You can read that agreement here . We’ll give you a new update by the end of January, once we have some results from the tests. Those results will also give us an insight about when we can include more people in the beta program, and ultimately the shipping date for all backers. CES I’ll be in Las Vegas for a week for CES. We’re taking advantage of this trip to hold our first backer meetup in the US. We’ve sent out an invitation to backers living in Nevada, but if you’re in Vegas for CES, you’re most welcome to join us on January 5th from 5pm to 7pm : just register here . If you’re at CES, you can also visit us at our booth in the start-up area of the conference, Eureka Park. We’ll be at booth 75200, right next to TechCrunch. I look forward to meeting some of you there. Keep an eye on your inboxes for the next update. I’m confident we’ll have exciting news regarding these new beta tests! Severin Hey everyone, Our team has been super busy these past weeks: everyone is entirely focused on Lima software debugging. We’re really happy because things have been going well and we’re almost ready to restart beta tests with the next round of 100 beta testers. In this update, I’ll explain: 1. how the beta tests will take place, 2. what exactly will be tested, 3. and show you the install process (demo video). Beta testing schedule As you know, a lot of backers have registered to be a part of Lima’s beta program, and we were thrilled. We’ve selected around 500 people that were eligible for beta testing from all around the world. We then divided them into small groups (according to their types of devices, location and computer proficiency) and categorized them using world capital names. Next week, we’ll notify the groups of testers that will be part of the first wave of these new beta tests, and who will receive Lima by the end of the month. This adds up to 100 people as planned. Each tester will be contacted individually by the team. We’ll ask them to sign an NDA, that we will also post publicly so that you all know what it’s about. We want all beta testers to start the tests at the same time. That’s why they’ll receive the hardware devices first and be guided to set up the necessary tools for the beta before they can activate the software. We’ll start sending the devices from the US on December 22: so these beta testers should receive them during the Christmas week, unless they choose to receive it at the beginning of January (we’ll see that individually by email). We’ll then have a period of training to set up the report tools for efficient beta testing, and install the mobile apps (which won’t be in mobile app stores yet). We’ll have everyone on the phone at that time to make sure we have an effective feedback loop. The software will be activated for everyone at the same time, on January 12. To sum up: - Dec 15-21 : all selected beta testers are notified and need to confirm their participation - Dec 22 - 31 : shipment of devices - Jan 2-10 : beta testers training / extra shipment if needed - Jan 12 : software testing starts for everyone. Our goal is then to ship more backers progressively. The feedback received during the first tests will enable us to get a better view on the timeline. What will be tested : Lima Pioneer Kit We’ve worked a lot to find the best way to test Lima safely. As you know, Lima deals with your files: it is vital that we check that there is no loss or corruption of files in any possible circumstances, yet we don’t want beta testers to endanger their files to check that. We’ve been working for a few months with a version of Lima that limits the scope of Lima’s technology on your computer and only syncs a part of your files. This version creates a virtual hard drive on your computer where you can manually copy some of your files. This creates a secure perimeter for Lima to be tested while ensuring beta testers file integrity, as Lima’s technology is confined to a single virtual drive. That’s what we’ve been using for our internal tests for the past few months, as you’ve seen on Denis’ video . We packaged Lima’s technology in the same way for the Beta. The testers will receive a modified version of Lima that we call the Pioneer Kit. The Pioneer Kit will enable testers to use all of Lima’s features in a safe way: they’ll be able to have some of their files synced on all their devices, easily access files offline or online, stream music &amp; movies from their mobile device, Chromecast their personal content on TV, etc. The only difference with the final release is that the Pioneer Kit won’t yet provide the normal use of Lima, as the testers’ devices won’t be unified and that they’ll need to manually select which files will be handled by Lima on their computers for security reasons. Focus on features All of our efforts have been focused on shipping you a robust and reliable Lima as fast as possible. Because we want to put it into your hands as soon as possible, we chose to deprioritize the development of some features that were less central to the product. It’s a tough decision, but it means we’re getting faster to a stable version that we can ship you and update progressively afterwards. Some of Lima’s non vital features will arrive during the beta tests themselves, and others will arrive gradually after we have shipped everyone, through software updates. For a more comprehensive view, here are the exact features that Lima will have at each stage: Note that all the features that won’t be in the product right away will arrive seamlessly as we upgrade Lima’s software thanks to updates. Install process (video) To finish, many of you have been asking us to see Lima getting installed for the first time on new devices. So we shot a video of Julien installing the Pioneer Kit on his Mac computer and Android smartphone for the first time. This is the install process as it will be experimented for beta testers, which also gives you an insight on how the Pioneer Kit works. <url>’s really important that we stay focused on bringing you a stable and production-grade product, and put all the necessary tools in place to get feedback efficiently to iterate with you. We’re starting the beta tests with 100 people, but we’ll have more people join in as soon as the software proves stable enough to ship Lima to a larger testing group. The overall process will also enable us to get more visibility on the final shipping date for everyone. We’re doing our best to bring you the Lima you backed as soon as possible, and we’ve never been closer. Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, Things are going well here at Lima. We’re pleased to announce that we’ve won two Innovation Awards for the CES 2015, where we’ll be exhibiting in January. We’ll take this opportunity to hold a backers meetup in Las Vegas, where the CES is taking place. Concerning the product, here’s a report of where we are: - Lima hardware: the first pallets are on the European and American soil Regarding logistics, two pilot pallets (2x 600 Limas) have arrived in the US and in Europe. The European pallet arrived on Friday in Nantes, France. The US pallet arrived today in Delaware. Both are currently at customs, where all the formalities are being made for the first time. So basically, they’re going to open everything and check that we have all the right papers and certifications. Once everything is settled, we’ll send all the backer devices (17 000) to the warehouses in Europe (for European and African backers) and in the US (for the rest of the world). Once they’re there (beginning of December), we’ll be ready to send you your Limas in just a few days, as soon as we have a go on the software. The schedule is still the same: 100 betas in December, and shipping to everyone when the software proves stable enough with the betas at the beginning of 2015. - New demo: pin + what changes when I’m on WiFi, 4G or offline A major part of what we’ve been working on lately is what we’ve called the pin function so far. As you know with Lima, you always see all of your files on all your devices, and you can access all of those files when you’re online. The “pin function” enables you to choose which files you also want to be available offline, on the devices the files didn’t originate from. There are basically 3 things to know here: 1/ When you create a new file on your computer, that file will be stored on your computer as usual plus you will automatically see that file appear on all of your other devices, while the file is also being sent to the hard drive connected to Lima. That means that any file created on your computer will stay on your computer just like before , unless you manually choose not to keep an offline version. 2/ You can tell if a file is available only when online just by looking at it . If there’s a Lima logo on the file, that means the file is available only when you have an Internet connection. By default, this happens to the files you created on another device than the one you’re using. If there’s no Lima logo on the file, that means there’s a copy stored locally and you can always access the file, whether you have an Internet connection or not. 3/ Similar to Spotify, you can choose to keep files available offline manually. All you need to do is right click or swipe the file and choose to store that file locally, which will then take up space on your local storage. Even if you have stored a file locally on one device, it continues to remain available for all your other devices. You can also do the opposite and choose to keep some files available online only to free up some space. As long as you have an Internet connection, you can see and modify the file without it being stored on your device’s hard drive. It will be streamed directly from your Lima (or your other devices). Julien (a backer who has joined us in October for an internship) is going to show you how the different Lima apps perform as of now when on WiFi, 4G/3G, and offline, so that you can see the pin in action. Here are the actions taken: WiFi mode DESKTOP - Creates a pdf on the desktop computer. MOBILE - Finds the pdf on mobile, and opens it. It’s a version available online only. MOBILE - Goes to the Music folder, chooses to put a song offline, leaves the other untouched. 4G mode (as suggested by a backer) MOBILE - Takes a picture, shows the picture on the Lima app. MOBILE - Browses through the files, opens the pdf, which is available online. DESKTOP - Sees the picture appear in the Pictures folder, it’s a version available online only. DESKTOP - Keeps an offline version of the picture. Offline mode MOBILE - Browses through files, plays the song available offline. The other song can’t be played as it’s not in the offline mode. MOBILE - Shoots a video, it appears instantly on the mobile app. DESKTOP - The mobile is offline, so the video isn’t synced yet to the Movies folder. MOBILE - Puts the WiFi back on. DESKTOP - The video appears in the Movies folder. and here’s the demo in video: (Note that the wording in the Lima apps isn’t final.) Don’t hesitate if you have any questions on how this works. - Lima software: update on our progress As explained in my video back in October, we’ve been mainly working on debugging 3 fields: the pin function that I just explained, the Lima filesystem and the integration with Mac and Windows. 1/ Concerning the pin, we’ve solved a large majority of the bugs we encountered, as you can see from the demo above. There is still some debugging to do in some borderline cases, such as what happens when there’s a pinned file on one device, but the file has been modified on another device and it didn’t have time to completely sync on the first device. 2/ Concerning the filesystem, we’ve solved a tremendous amount of bugs (crashes, files that were grayed out when they shouldn’t have been, etc.) but it’s not over yet. We’re also working on optimizing the performances of the filesystem, particularly on the write function. 3/ Concerning the integration with Mac and Windows, a lot of debugging has already been done, and we still have some things to do (like automatic refresh that isn’t working properly for offline files, etc.). All in all, our backlog of blocking issues is still pretty full for now, but we’re moving fast and we still feel on track for the beta with 100 backers for the second half of December. Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, We’ve been meeting backers in Paris and London (see pics below), which were really interesting for the team, and hopefully for the backers attending! During these meet ups, we’ve showed Lima’s hardware, and the software version we’re currently working on. For development purposes, we’re working on a single Lima folder which makes it easier to stabilize the software. So the unification is disabled on this version. As we know you can’t all attend our meet ups, here’s the demo presented by Denis, our senior Core Engineer. <url>’ve decided to postpone my visit to Shenzhen. Looking forward to meeting more of you in the coming months, and feel free to shoot questions. Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, As promised, here's an update to show you the parts of Lima's hardware production that you haven't seen yet. Please note that we'll be holding our first backers meetups in Paris on Thursday (Oct 16) and in London on Sunday (Oct 19) . We've sent out invitations last week, but you can still register here for Paris and here for London. So, how do we get from the PCBs that got us into so much trouble to the beautiful package that will arrive in your mailbox in the coming months? This is an overall picture of the assembly factory where the magic happens. Here's how it goes: 1. Lima’s PCBs arrive from the electronics factory where they had been tested with Lima's test stations. They’re tested again at the assembly factory to make sure they’re flawless. 2. All the different parts of the Lima device are produced at the assembly factory: casing, wedge, band, and a silicon pad. <url>’s bands are painted with our logo. <url>’s bands are sprayed with a liquid, which gives them a soft touch. <url>’26), How did the Kickstarter success impact the project timeline (0’50), How do we explain the delays that occurred (2’14), What are the outcomes of the beta tests (3’53), Why is Lima so difficult to test (5’01), Which parts do we still need to work on (6’23), What is our estimated shipping date (7’10), What is the current status of Lima’s hardware (9’18), What are our plans for the Kickstarter community in the coming months (10’26), What is our message today for you (11’19). <url>’s beta tests. We’ve been working hands in hands with the Santiago group to monitor this first installation of Lima on devices from outside our office. We were glad to see there was no major problems with installation and setting up the core on several devices, which is the most important. However, as anticipated, testing Lima in real-life situations has revealed several unseen problems and bugs that our developers are working on. So far, we’ve identified and solved the following bugs: Unicode normalization : until now, we had only been using English, which meant that there was no accent. As our beta testers have been testing Lima with files in French, we realized the handling of accents in Unicode wasn’t normalized and was causing problems when synchronizing files (between OSX &amp; Linux for example. For geeks, OSX handles UTF-8 NFD while Linux handles UTF-8 NFC). Handling large quantities of files : the app had been having trouble dealing with odd files, such as file names that were too long, corrupt files, very large number of files in a same folder, etc. Concurrency issues (deadlocks, race conditions, etc.) : testing more types of situations, multiple deadlocks have appeared (which is when the software is blocked because two components are mutually waiting for each other so they freeze) due to synchronization issues. Network concurrency problems : testing with a lot of different devices, we noticed that sometimes communication between devices just stops. It’s usually small bugs, but they’re hard to debug. Some are already solved, but we have to keep digging. And a lot of small bug fixes concerning the mobile UX and the overall app. We’re still working on solving those: Deadlocks : the search is not over. Memory alignment problem on ARM (iOS &amp; Android): ARM has more restrictions about memory alignment, and we have a few bugs in the network layers due to that. We’ve found the problem and we’re working on it. Mac Finder integration : there are a lot of small problems in the Finder integration on Mac, concerning icons, rights management, file display, etc. We’ve identified one of the main causes: extended attributes of the files (xattr) which aren’t handled properly yet. We’ll update you on that once it’s settled. All in all, it’s thrilling to have started beta testing, as the software is out of the lab, up and living in the outside world. But is comes with new challenges as bugs and problems arise. Debugging is a long, unrewarding and unpredictable task. We’re making progress and killing bugs everyday, but there’s still a long road ahead. As the software remains pretty unstable for the moment, we’ll continue testing with the Santiago group only at this point. We’re very focused on testing and debugging with the current beta testers and it would be counterproductive to bring in more people at this stage. Have a great day, Severin Hey everyone, We are thrilled that nearly 800 people signed up to beta test Lima! In this update you'll find: Explanation of how the beta tests will take place, An in-depth mobile app demo. <url>’s software development progress and the opening of our beta list. In this update you'll find: News about core development, News about client development and core integration, Opening of our beta list , Lima at the CE week. Hey everyone, I’m back from China with the latest updates about hardware production, as well as where we are with software development. So, in this update you'll find: news about our hardware production, news about software development, news about shipping and beta list, a demo video from the technology festival Futur en Seine in Paris. Hey everyone, I have great news that I really wanted to share with you first. We’re about to announce that we’ve closed a Series A round, which is a great step in the development of Lima and our company. We’ve raised those additional funds to expand our resources so we can accelerate not just our development but ensure we can deliver you the best possible product. Our goal is not just to ship you a product, but a product that is well tested and that you’ll love to use. We also plan to be by your side after it ships so we can learn from you about how we can improve the product in future versions. Our A round funding ($2.5M to be exact) is additional assurance for you of our long-term commitment and support. We chose Partech Ventures, an American-European fund, because they really understood our goal and the importance of unifying and consolidating our content in an ever more siloed world. Several people on their team are actually backers too, which is the best proof that they share our vision and believe we have a solution that will help millions. Other news: A lot of non-backers have been asking us when they could pre-order Limas. We have extra devices in this batch, but we’ve decided to keep them specifically for your friends and family. I’ve sent you an email to explain how you can invite them to order a Lima. If you haven’t received the email by tomorrow (you need to have confirmed your rewards first), check your spam then send an email to Christophe on [link removed by Kickstarter] and he’ll resend it to you. I’m heading back to China once again, and will come back with news and pictures of the production to share with you. For the moment, we’re still aiming to start shipping in July. As always, thank you so much for your support and for bringing us this far. We’re fully committed to bringing you the long-awaited Lima experience. Have a great day, Severin Hey guys, Gawen and I have been the only ones talking, but we’re now actually quite a few in the team. 16 last time I counted! Thanks to your support, we were able to hire top talent to build a better Lima, and enter in the big game right away. This won’t be a technical update, as I want to show you who’s behind the product you’re waiting for. As you know, a company is above all a group of people, whose vision, aspiration and motivation reflect on the product they build. Let me show you how we organized the team and what got these amazing people to embark on our adventure! So, who’s behind Lima? Hey everyone, Here comes the long awaited software update! I don’t want to stay superficial on this, so I’ll need to clarify a few concepts about Lima first. To understand where we are and follow our progress, you need to catch the difference between the alpha core and the ‘fake’ core. As always, I invite all the non-geek people to read this too. I’ll try to popularize Lima’s software as much as I can (If you’re in a rush, you can skip to the video ). So, what is this mysterious core? To understand the core, you need to understand how an operating system works. [...] <url>’s been going on with the production. ­- Severin] Hello everybody, I’m Gawen, cofounder and CTO of Lima. We’ve had some hiccups during the beginning of the production. So I’ve been staying in China for the past few weeks to monitor operations and help the manufacturer find &amp; fix the bugs. Let me start from the beginning. Two weeks ago, the mass production of Lima’s electronics started. We had validated a “Golden Sample” with our supplier in December: it’s one sacred device, which serves as the reference for the whole production. Since then, we had also produced a test­-run of 300 devices, which had all passed the tests: all lights were green. We were 100% good-to-go, and we pressed the start button (excitement mode: ON). On that first production day, (...) Hey everyone, Just a quick heads-up to tell you I’m heading back to China. Lima’s hardware production hasn’t been running as smoothly as we had hoped. We encountered an issue with the first devices produced, which led us to pause the process. As it is the first-time launch of a mass production, it’s common to have to make some adjustments before going full-speed. Gawen has been staying in China for the last two weeks to help isolating the problem and providing these adjustments. It seems we've nailed the problem now, so we'll try to restart production gradually in the next few days. I’m joining Gawen to help him make sure everything is back on track. I'll let him give you more details next week as soon as we're a bit out of the rush. Have a great week-end, Severin Hey everyone, Things are moving fast here. I’ve just came back from another trip in China with Gawen (our CTO). The Lima’s electronics production has started! As you know, each Lima device is composed of electronics, coated with a plastic casing. The main goals of this trip were to: agree on the final casing with the plastic manufacturer, launch the electronics mass production, optimize the production process between factories, put in place the quality control procedure. Lima’s casing progress report When I was in China in December, I got hold of the first casing prototypes with the new design. Since then, we’ve been iterating (...) Hey everyone, First of all, let me wish you a happy new year! I hope you got to spend time with your family and that you enjoyed that cheerful time of the year. Since my last update, I’ve been on a trip to China to finalize details for the Lima’s hardware production. I wanted to visit our manufacturing partners after the change of the device’s design. I also needed to make sure we were on the right track with manufacturing planning and, last but not least, define the quality control process. What's more, it's a perfect opportunity to show you how the Lima device is built in China! My guide around Shenzen (...) Hello everyone, We promised to give you more details on our progress with the project. The last week has been quite busy for me (preparing a trip to China), so it has taken me some time to write it down. But here we are! (In advance, sorry for the non-techies, feel free to skip to the end. But then, as Obama said, you should really learn to code ;) ) First things first, let me just do a quick recap of the different parts of the project to help you visualize where we are in the development process. The Lima is composed of : A hardware adapter , with a USB and an Ethernet port, which enables you to connect any USB hard drive to your Internet router. This adapter enables Lima to use your hard drives as the common and unique memory of your devices. It’s a small embedded computer. We produce it in China. A firmware : that’s the program we run on this little adapter, to give it its functionality. The firmware we use is based on a variant of OpenWRT, which is a distribution of Linux. The programs we put in this firmware enable the Lima adapter to be constantly connected to all your devices and to manage the storage of your files. It’s this firmware that maintains a database of all your files, and makes sure they are always available to your devices and backed up. Three desktop apps (PC + Mac + Linux): these apps are at the very heart of Lima. They change the way your computers manage their files, by introducing a new file system for your devices. They are the ones making Windows, Mac OS or Linux display all of your files in your computer, no matter its size. They will be used by your OS every time you open or press [Save] on a document. Two mobile apps (Android + iOS): they enable you to browse and stream your files from anywhere, and to get all your content always with you, in your pocket. A web app , which enables you to access your files directly from the web, in case you're not on your own computer. Today, the product is still under development. As explained in the last update, we’ve decided to extend our development timeline to make sure we deliver a product stable enough for everyday use. The part we’re working on the most is the component that serves as the “main engine” of our solution. We call it the “ core ”, because all our software programs share it: our firmware, our desktop apps and even our mobile apps. This core is essential to the functionality of Lima: it determines how your devices should display and organize files, and how they connect with each other. As long as we’re still working on it, there’s no point in shipping the Lima device to you. Even if our hardware adapters are ready for mass production, they still lack the firmware that transforms them into working Lima devices. In the process of developing this core component, we’re facing a major challenge: transform our software deliverable from a « working » product – shipped to 1000 early adopters – to a stable and everyday-use product, shipped to 13,000 people. From a software standpoint, shipping to more people doesn’t make the product more difficult to program. But the quality requirements, which come with growing from a low-scale project to a large-scale project, do. Having 13,000 backers means that not everyone is a techie. It’s also already too big a feedback loop to let us iterate fast-enough on the very first versions of the project. So we need to anticipate problems before they appear, and come up with an A-level software right away. That’s what we’re doing right now. Two factors are specifically important for us: file integrity and performance. As Lima manages all your files, we put a special care in making sure it stores them safely. But it’s also important that the application is very responsive and efficient, as it is used every time you save a file on your device. Performance The version we planned to ship in December was programmed in mono-threaded Python, for faster prototyping. For techies, we had decided to base our solution on an event-based asynchronous reactor, with PyPy’s JIT enabled for better performance. During our tests, we figured out the response time of file access IOs was going to be below our expectations with this technology. Everything indicated that if we continued to use it exclusively, our first version wasn’t going to be responsive enough for an acceptable use, even in beta. So we took several measures to correct this. 1. Change of technology . Our first decision was to change the technology behind the critical parts of our apps, as soon as possible. This has been a bold move, as it meant taking back months and months of work to design a more efficient solution. We decided to stop using Python for current development, and to recode the critical parts of our apps in multi-threaded C. The upside is that using C gives us a far better control on the performance of the applications. It makes Lima way faster. Using multi-threaded code also gives us the opportunity to use the multiple cores available in modern processors, to increase responsiveness even further. So we are in a clear path to achieve our goals in terms of performances. The downside is that we had to readapt in depth the architecture of our program. This process is costly in terms of delays, and is the main cause behind our decision to delay shipping. 2. Change of components . We also changed some external components used in our firmware. We were initially using the open source solutions provided with Linux and OpenWRT to manage NTFS and HFS+ file systems. But ntfs-3g proved to be too slow, and hfsplus didn’t handle the HFS+ journal well when writing. So we switched to proprietary components instead, which improves performances and response time. Compatibility Another challenge we faced lately is the compatibility with the Mac platform. Thanks to the backer dashboard, we know about 20% of you are using Macs. We realized that Mac OS Maverick broke some of the OS integrations of the Lima Mac app. This is something we need to fix before shipping. From our performance tests, we also figured out additional work is required to make Lima more integrated with SpotLight and Time Machine, which index your files extensively. So we added these items to our planning. Current status Currently, we have four people in our software team. From left to right, here are: Denis, Gawen (our CTO), Remy and Avetis. An additional developer, Pierre, will join us full time in January. Since September, the team has been mostly working on improving the Lima core performance. Here is the current status for each part of the app: Firmware : basic firmware mechanics (cross-compilation toolchain, bootloader, linux distribution customization, auto-update routines, rescue mode) are ready. We’re waiting for a stable version of the core to finish integration. Desktop apps : most OS integration components (file system drivers, icon overlays) are ready. Some still need fixing to get compatible with Mac OS Maverick. We’ve postponed the development of auxiliary interfaces (file sending window, configuration window) for a few months to focus on priority subjects. The team is working on the core and its installation on the various platforms for the time being. Mobile apps : this has also been shifted a bit in the planning. We’ve decided to develop the iOS app slightly before Android, so we can focus on one platform to shape the first version of the interface. Development of the iPhone app (interface only) is giving rapid results. Our internal pilot app is able to browse files and stream media, using a simulated version of our core. Android development starts in January. Web app : front end development has started. Our current iteration enables us to browse files online. We're now working on file management features. Backend development is planned to start in February. Hardware : as mentioned in last update, the device is now ready for production. We have begun provisioning the components, starting with the processors and the SDRAM, which both require larger provisioning delays. However, to compensate for the additional wait imposed by our new software timeline, we’ve decided to put in additional work on the production process so we can improve the external case design of the device. More info on that very soon. Here’s how we plan to organize our work for the next steps: As you can see, we don’t have a full visibility yet on the time needed to refactorize the core. This explains why, even if we know we’ll be able to ship in Spring, we can’t give an exact shipping date yet. Of course, we’ll let you know as soon as we know more. In parallel, we’re continuing the development of the desktop and mobile apps. That’s it! This was a bit technical, but I think it was necessary to give you a relevant picture of the challenges we’re facing today. I hope this gives everyone a better idea of where we are and what remains to be done. Lima is a very ambitious and complex project. It requires rethinking most of the file storage foodchain, from the hardware up to the file system, and up again to your desktop &amp; mobile file management interfaces. Lima will rock storage, but it won’t be just working with random files. Lima will be working with your data. And we take this responsibility very seriously. We must make sure the product we ship keeps your data entirely safe and improves your overall computer experience. That’s why we preferred anticipating problems and working a few more months to make sure our software fits to our (high-level) quality standards. We’re glad to have you by our side to finish Lima’s development. We’re really eager to ship you the first Lima devices and to start getting your feedback. We’re all working days and nights for this. And we’ll make it. Thank you for your support and enjoy your day! Severin Hi backers, I hope everyone has been able to create their backer dashboard account. If not, shoot us an e-mail (team AT meetlima.com ) and we’ll be glad to help. It’s high time to update you guys about shipping. I know many of you have been wondering if we would maintain our estimated delivery time, i.e. ship the first Lima devices in December. We have been considering the upsides and downsides of doing so, and we’ve ultimately taken the decision to ship all the Lima devices in Spring. Today, our hardware is ready for mass production. But we need more time to develop the Lima desktop and mobile apps. We expected 1000 backers. You were actually 13 000 on board. (I’m still amazed!) You’ve all exceeded by far our expectations during this campaign. We absolutely want to exceed your expectations too. Instead of delivering a great « first iteration » of our product to 1,000 early-supporters, we want to make sure you all receive a stable and top quality product right away. That’s why we’ve taken the decision to take the necessary months to exhaustively test and improve even more our software. Believe us, we can’t wait for you to lay hands on your Lima, but we can’t imagine giving you a less-than-amazing experience. So, what does it change in our schedule? Well, it obviously adds a non-compressible delay into our software development schedule. However, it also gives us some air in our hardware production timeline. So we decided to do one thing : We made you a surprise. Although our hardware is ready, we didn’t want rest on our laurels. We wanted to make it up to you and use that extra time to boost the Lima on another side: the design. We had a great, minimalist design. We decided to raise the bar even more and offer you an even better experience. Of course, this change won’t come at the price of another delay. But since it fits in our schedule, it’s definitely something we’re happy to work on to thank you for your amazing support. Thanks for believing in our project. It really means a lot to us. We’re truly doing all we can to provide you with the best Lima experience ever, and we hope you’ll understand our decisions. More info on the go! (We’ll post a dedicated update on the software development progress soon.) -- Severin and the Lima team Hi everyone, The backer dashboard has arrived! Yay! You should receive an invitation by email within the next 48 hours. If you don’t, please check your spam, then send us an email (team (at) meetlima.com). So, what is this backer dashboard all about? 1. The You section is here to make sure we have the right information about you. Create your backer profile. 2. The Reward section is about your order. Check your rewards, ask for more Limas, choose colors and power adaptors, change your shipping address, etc. 3. The Question section enables you to ask questions to the team. Learn everything there is to know about the Lima and vote up for the questions that you want answered first. 4. In the Tell us more section, build the Lima of your dreams! That's the place to provide us with your insights, so we make sure we're building the coolest device. Here's for a start. We can't wait to meet you there! Stay tuned, more is coming soon. -- Severin &amp; the Lima team Tadaa! It's been a while since our last update, so it's definitely time to catch up! We've been working relentlessly here on the Lima product, so much that we had a hard time getting our eyes away from our keyboards. We now have a much better idea of what the logistics part of the project will look like, as we have received most of your surveys (thanks!). The backer dashboard is still underway but it's definitely coming in the next few days. (If the survey didn't work out for you, you will be able to edit your shipping details there.) Another thing: we received the very first (non-printed) Lima boxes from our manufacturer! That's the picture you see above. There's still a lot of work to do, but you can't imagine how happy we were when we saw the FedEx guy arrive... The team is also growing fast. We've just hired someone to help us follow the production process in China and a new Test Engineer to help us polish our software. A community manager also joined the team to make sure we answer your messages faster and keep you up to date. See you very soon! Severin &amp; the CGC team Hi there, Thanks for your messages and comments. Just a quick update to let you know that things have been moving fast around here. The last two weeks have been incredibly busy for us. We're preparing the war plan to begin the production of the devices in China. In the next few days, you'll receive a survey asking for your main shipping address. It'll help us know where we'll have to deliver Lima, so we can better plan logistics with our shipping partners. We'll then send you a link to your backer dashboard, where you'll be able to fix payment issues, select the color of your Lima devices and give us any other relevant details. For people wanting to get additional Lima devices, we've decided to open a waiting list so you can reserve a device in our next batch of production. All you need to do is to put your e-mail on our website <url>"Thanks". There is no more a small team behind the Lima project. There is us, and 12,840 other people. We'll never thank you enough for proving us this level of trust &amp; support. Thanks to you, we'll be able to bring Lima to the world. Thanks to you, we'll be able to continue our mission to re-invent storage, from the ground up, and to make it more easy for everyday users. Lima is like our small baby. We're now sharing it with you. What follows is an incredible adventure, in which we'll be able to work with you to bring you the best product as possible. You'll soon begin to receive updates from our team. We'll try to keep you as informed as possible, so you can really live this product creation process with us. You'll also receive a small survey so we can better figure out who you are and where you backed this project from. We are thrilled to share this bit of road with you. Have a great, incredible end of weekend, The entire CGC team. Hey everybody, Words fail us. You are awesome. We can't even publish updates fast enough. Our 1 million stretch goal has been reached! All backers will now be able to select if they want to receive their Lima device in White, in Pink, in Violet, in Green or in Black (or, for early birds, in Blue). We'll ask you by e-mail, right after the end of the campaign. If you ordered several Lima devices, you'll be able to select one color per device. It's incredible to see how many people have joined us behind this project. We can't believe it! Now that all stretch goals are met, the best way to thank you is to make sure the Lima device you'll receive is even better than expected. We are working day and night doing just that. There are two weeks left to get Lima on Kickstarter. We'll take advantage of this time to make sure none of your questions is left unanswered. A sincere, warm thanks to each one of you -- from all our team. As the campaign continues, let's aim for the stars! Best, -- The CGC team Wow! That was amazing! We've already reached our $900k stretch goal! This comes less than two weeks after reaching our $750k stretch goal -- which we didn't announce because we were in the middle of our name-changing process. Here it goes: All backers will now be able to select if they want to receive their Lima device in Pink, Violet, Green or in Black (or, for early birds, in Blue). We'll ask you by e-mail, right after the end of the campaign. If you ordered several Lima devices, you'll be able to select one color per device. You have been incredible, since the beginning of this adventure. We love that we'll get to build Lima with you. Next target color: White! Best, The CGC team Hi all, Thanks a lot for all the support you've shown us since the last update! It really warms the heart to see how much people joined in to make Lima a reality. We're working day and night on polishing the product and on planning the production of the device. And... we've decided to make you a little surprise! Lima gets compatible with Google Chromecast Do you know Google Chromecast? It's a small device engineered by Google, which enables you to stream any content on your TV, directly from your phone &amp; tablet. We've felt in love with the device. It totally fits with what we like in Lima: it's a small and affordable product dedicated to making your life easier. So we decided to make them work together. Using the Lima app on your smartphone or tablet, you'll now be able to stream any movie, music or photo album to Chromecast. We'll make it as easy as the push of a button. Lima was already compatible with connected TVs and set-top boxes. Now with Chromecast, it's also compatible with any TV having a HDMI port. You can now start a movie on your tablet, press the Chromecast button in our app, and continue watching it on your TV. Or you can show pictures to your family in the living room, and control the slideshow with your mobile phone. We are thrilled to join Google in its efforts to make your TV experience more easy. Chromecast was already awesome to watch content from Netflix, Google Play or Youtube. Now with Lima, it's also the perfect device to watch all of your personal content on the biggest screen of the house. Enjoy! -- The CGC team PS: Google and Chromecast are trademarks of Google, Inc. We are not affiliated with Google. We just love them. Hello everybody, We have important news for you. In response to a legal claim, we have decided to change the name of our project to "Lima". There's nothing to worry about: the campaign will continue normally and this modification will be completely transparent for you. However, we really need your help to spread the word on Internet. Nobody knows us as "Lima" on the web, and just "liking" our new social accounts can help us change that. We have: - a brand new Facebook page: <url>’s something we’re burning to say for one week. We can’t say it enough: “THANK YOU!” Your support has been incredible . So much that we’ve been overwhelmed by how many Plug devices have gone since last week. We can’t thank you enough. Words fail. And we just want to hug you. Last week, we were asking ourselves what would happen to the Plug project if this campaign went wrong. We decided to make the campaign 60 days long, because we had trouble figuring out how we would find 1,000 backers in a month. We were simply about to make a step in the unknown. 12h after launching, our campaign goal of 1,000 devices was met. After only 48h, we had already received $200,000 of pledges from people who, like you, decided to trust our project and give us a hand. We were sincerely astonished by how much support the Kickstarter community could provide. So much that we even had trouble answering all your requests and love messages. Today, about 5 days after launch, our stock of Plug devices is sold out. Our campaign goal has been reached not once, but more than 5 times. And there’s still 54 days to go for the campaign. Facing the high demand for Plug devices, we’ve been in deep conversation with our manufacturers and logistics partners since last friday. We wanted to offer more Plug devices, but without impacting the quality of our work, and without increasing the shipment delays for people who have already backed us. This is an heavy decision, as it impacts our production plan and depends on the schedule of our partners. So we cannot confirm that we’ll be able to produce a bigger second batch yet. We can only provide 2,000 additional devices for the time being. That’s the amount we’ve confirmed with our partners. It’s a temporary batch size, until we confirm we can produce more with our partners. It will be ready to ship by the end of January (one month later than our first batch of devices). We’ll let you know as soon as we know more about our capacity to scale. Thank you, so much, for all our support and your understanding. You rock! The CGC team