Hey, all. Spike here. Long time, no chat! Don't get too excited, this is a quick, li'l, Kickstarter-mandated update. This account was founded in 2009, the year Kickstarter launched, under the name "IronSpike." The name I used everywhere, so that was only natural. However, in the last 12 years? It's grown into something far beyond just me. Iron Circus Comics, formerly just a glorified self-publishing DBA, has grown into a small-mid graphic novel publishing house, the largest of its kind in Chicago, possibly the entire Midwest. And as such, just calling this account "IronSpike" doesn't really make sense, anymore. Especially since so many other ICC editors, managers, and publicists are using it. As such, I've been chatting with Kickstarter Customer Service, and they'll allow me to change this account name, IF: I update every Kickstarter I've ever run with the news. So, this is your notice. The IronSpike Kickstarter account shall, very shortly, be renamed Iron Circus Comics. If you've back multiple projects I've run, I apologize in advance. Your inbox is about to be flooded. I suggest going to your profile and switching off email alerts for my projects' updates. If getting this notice has reminded you that you never got your backer reward for this project? Email my assistant editor, Andrea Purcell. She's at <email>. Thanks so, so much for all your support over the years, everyone. You're the only reason this change is even necessary. Have a good week. Hey, everyone! If you've ordered a print version of Wish You Were Here, you have 48 hours to change your shipping address . After 48 hours, the entered addresses will be locked, and shipping will begin! If you need to update your shipping address, now's the time. If you have yet to enter a shipping address, don't worry; you'll still be able to enter it whenever you're ready to, 48 or 148 hours from now. But if you've already entered one; the window the change it is closing fast. Books start going out this week! Consider yourself warned! Thanks, everyone! Hey again! Spike here! Everyone who ordered a paperback copy (or several copies!) of Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here should have received a link to an official Kickstarter survey by now. Please fill that out as soon as you're able. We begin fulfilling pre-orders starting next week, and we'd love you to get your books as soon as possible! Thanks, everyone! Look what the printer just emailed me! The books are finished, and on the way! Thank you again, everyone! Hello, everyone! Spike here! Poorcraft is at the printer, and if you backed at a level that included a PDF reward, a link to your comic (or comics!) is waiting for you in your Kickstarter inbox. To retrieve the link, click your Kickstarter icon in the upper right hand corner of this page, and select Messages! We're anticipating receiving the print copies of the book in early March. We'll keep you posted. And thank you again for your support! - Spike Ta-dah! And off to the printer we go! Thank you again for your support, everyone! Hello, folks! I hope everyone's having a good 2015 so far. I just wanted to let all of you know where we stand on Poorcraft's progress. All the payments have been cleared for the premium backer levels, meaning work has begun on completing the cover and cameo appearances. We hope to have those finished in a week to ten days. Then, it's off to the printer! With any luck, we can have the PDF ready to go before the end of January! Which is... actually early? Dang. And while I've got your attention, I'd like to take a minute to plug a worthy and struggling Kickstarter, the Sorcery 101 omnibus by my pal, Kel McDonald. Sorcery 101 is about a high school teacher named Danny finding his footing in a supernatural-filled world. He has a magic bond with a vampire, a 7-year-old daughter, and a werewolf best friend. Even his mundane day job as a history teacher is made difficult by the supernatural, in the form of love spells gone wrong and teenage werewolves! The first half of the complete collection of this 10-year-old webcomic has 6 days left to make $3,000, and it could use some help. If you like urban fantasy, give it a look ! Thanks, everyone! Hello, everyone! I apologize for the wait on the latest update, but I've been a bit sick. All better now, though! First and foremost, THANK YOU EVERYONE for your support! This project went above and beyond expectations. And we're still dedicated to a quick fulfillment for everyone. All that remains to do is the cover and cameo shots. Diana will get on those shortly; those of you that backed at premium levels that include cameos and dedications will be getting Kickstarter PMs from me shortly for reference material requests. I expect the final touches to take a week, perhaps two; then, it's off to the printer! Thanks again, everyone! Happy Holidays to those who celebrate 'em, and here's to a productive and fun new year! Hello, everyone! Spike here, for one more update before we hit the deadline. I've been getting a lot of questions about ordering multiple books when you're not a retailer. By popular demand, I've worked out a system! If you would like more than one print copy of Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here: If you are in the United States , add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($1) for each extra copy. Total: $11.00 per extra book. If you are in Canada , add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($3) for each extra copy. Total: $13.00 per extra book. If you are anywhere else in the world (UK, Mexico, Japan, India, Australia, etc.) add the cost of the book ($10) plus shipping ($4) for each extra copy. Total: $14.00 per extra book. REMEMBER: The retailer pledge level is for stores planning to sell the book on! I cannot offer those prices to private buyers! And finally, a word about stretch goals. We've already achieved our first one, which means higher-quality books for everyone! Our second stretch goal, which is about $8700 away, is a full digital collection of Ryan Estrada's travel comics. This includes Coca War , The Bear from The Bear And The Beach from The Beach , Plagued , Seomyeon John , and Satyagraha: Ryan vs. The Man. "But Spike," some of you may be saying, "Ryan's travel comics are already free on ryanestrada.com ." And that's true! They are! However: Ryan is making a whole new travel comic about his hike up Mount Kilimanjaro! Inspired by this very Kickstarter! Here's a preview image he recently tweeted. Gee, looks like fun. I'm gonna level with you folks: Ryan is a swell guy . Working with him has been a dream, and he's been 100% into the project from day one. And for all the great comics he's given the internet for free, I think he deserves a payday. That's what the 30k stretch goal is about. So please: tell your friends, family, and wannabe globetrotter buddies about Poorcraft. I still have spots left at nearly every pledge level, and we still have time to make it to 30k. Thanks, everyone! Hey, everyone! First and foremost: Thanks so, so much for backing Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here. The Poorcraft comics have been, and are, a big passion project for me; inexpensive handbooks I can only wish I'd had access to back in my late teens and early twenties, when I could have really used them . I hope you all get a lot of use out of this latest incarnation. Secondly, some folks have been asking for more detail about the internal cameo shots. So, here are a few examples! The cameo shots in Wish You Were Here are for incidental characters seen once or twice. Some are speaking parts, some aren't. All ages can be included. Cameos will be drawn from reference photos provided by the backers. And yes, within reason , you can request we put in someone who isn't actually you! (Astute readers of the original Poorcraft may have caught the cameo of a backer's pet cat, Dusty.) Cameo shots in Poorcraft start at $250, but $500 backers get one, too, in addition to their spot on the cover! Both are limited in number, so grab 'em while you can. And finally, for those requesting details on the stretch goals: They're coming! I already have a few in mind, and they'll be posted after the KS reaches goal. And I promise, they won't interfere with our planned speedy fulfillment. Thanks again for everything, everyone!