Dear Poppy people, This is the release you’ve been waiting for - improved image quality and a way to share with people who don’t have Poppys. Download the update from the App Store now (free): <url>’ll wonder how you lived without it. Poppy’s image capture quality is dramatically improved -- for photos and especially for video. Images are sharper, video frame rates are faster, and calibration is more precise. Poppy GIFs: share everywhere Finally, you can share your Poppy 3D creations with anyone -- even people who don’t have a Poppy. We take Poppy’s left and right image and use an algorithm to create a smooth 3D effect that can be viewed on any PC or mobile device. They’re like Wiggle GIFs, but without the headaches. We call them Poppy GIFs. Any photo you take with Poppy can be converted into a Poppy GIF, and the app includes a simple tool to tune the image for the best effect. You can check out hundreds of Poppy GIFs here: <url>’ve made it easy to share images from within the app. Hold your iPhone in the portrait orientation and tap to view any of the photo galleries. You can share stereo images to Twitter or Flickr and they will automatically be made available to the Poppy community. You can also post Poppy GIFs to Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr or just send it in email. We’re so excited to see what the Poppy community is going to do with all this. So please go get the app: <url>#1) Production finished and Poppy looks fantastic Last week, we visited our factory in China to oversee the full production run, and we're happy to report that each of the final production tweaks and adjustments that we outlined in our last backer-only update were incorporated without any hiccups. You’re getting a high quality product. #2) Poppy has left the building If you pledged at a level that gets a Poppy, I’m happy to say that your Poppy is now officially on it’s way to you. Every last Poppy was packed up and has left the factory. In fact, we just got word that the Poppys destined for addresses in the USA have arrived on US soil. They are clearing customs now before making their way to the distribution center. #3) The Poppy iPhone app is now available The first version of the Poppy iPhone app was approved and is now in the app store! Please download it. Right now, the app provides only the basic functions for capturing and playing back 3D videos and still images. One of the great things about software is that we can make improvements over time. We will be updating the app frequently as we make improvements and add features. When will you get it? Of course the big question each of you probably has is, “when will I receive mine?” If your delivery address is in the USA, there’s a chance you’ll receive your Poppy by Christmas. Here’s an outline of what’s happening now: Air freight to distribution center in USA (IN PROGRESS) Trucking to distribution center in Hong Kong (IN PROGRESS) Breaking down freight at distribution centers (allow 3 to 5 days) Packing, labeling and postage for individual orders (allow 1 to 3 days) Delivery time (allow 3 to 7 days*) It’s been an incredible adventure to have reached this point and we couldn’t have done it without your support. And we're so excited to see what you do once you get your Poppy. Thank you!! Joe and Ethan * If your delivery address is outside of the USA, then delivery time may be anywhere from 2 to 6 weeks. Dear friends of Poppy, We wanted to let you know about the progress we’ve made on Poppy since the Kickstarter campaign ended. Tooling. This is the biggie: our factory has begun creating the injection molds that will be used to produce Poppy’s plastic parts. We’re also well underway on the tooling for the custom-made central glass mirror. The molds should be ready by the end of September, at which point we’ll be visiting the factory as the first test parts come out of the injection molding machines. Software. The Poppy iPhone app is also under development. We’re targeting the latest iPhone operating system, iOS 7 (which will release before Poppy ships). The most technically challenging part is exporting photos and video. Images look great on Poppy itself, but we need to do some post-processing before they can be shared in a way that YouTube will recognize as 3D (and that will render properly on any device that is capable of displaying YouTube 3D content). Fortunately the iPhone has powerful graphics capabilities. Schedule. Full disclosure: we’re currently running a few weeks behind where we had hoped to be. Our timeline has a little buffer in it, though, so we still anticipate delivering Poppy in December. We’re also going to be spending significantly more time onsite at the factory in China than we originally planned in order to help keep things on track. Thanks again for all of your support, and we’ll be sure to keep you informed as we make progress. We can’t wait to get Poppy out to all of you! Ethan &amp; Joe Hi, We recently received our 2nd factory prototype with the new tripod mount, camera strap attachments and headphone jack. Here are some photos. Please note that the strap shown in these photos is an ordinary Nikon DSLR camera strap (not the strap that will be included at the Poppy Plus) but it does show how the camera strap attachments work. We only have 16 hours left in the campaign. Please help us spread the word so that others get in on the backer-only benefits (grandfathering in to the lower prices, free usa shipping, delivery before anyone else, kickstarter edition insignia). thank you, Joe and Ethan Hi, A lot of people in the gaming community have told us that Poppy could be used as a 3D gaming device, so we reached out to some prominent people in the the gaming community to get their feedback and input: <url>’re making to backers. 1) You’re first in line. We’re aiming to get Poppy out in time for the holidays, and we won’t ship a single Poppy to anyone else (retailers, distributors or pre-orders that come later) until every Kickstarter backer has been sent their Poppy first. 2) Kickstarter Edition. Every Poppy sold via Kickstarter will be marked “Kickstarter Edition” to make it clear that you were our earliest supporters. 3) Grandfathered pricing. Kickstarter backers will be able to buy up to five more Poppys at the Kickstarter price (including free shipping in the USA)*. *We’re launching a preorder store on Friday and will offer grandfathered pricing to our Kickstarter backers through September 1st: $49 for a single black Poppy or $59 for the Poppy Plus (with bag and strap) in either black or white -- with FREE shipping in the USA and $15 for international (per Poppy). For everyone else, Poppy will only be available as a set (with bag and strap) -- $69.99 for the black Poppy and $74.99 for the white Poppy (plus shipping &amp; handling charges). Our campaign ends in just 3 days. Thanks for backing us! Thanks, Joe and Ethan This is really cool. It turns out you can print 3D pictures taken with Poppy with a technique called lenticular printing . You've probably seen this before in gift shops, movie posters or cereal boxes. The prints are coated with a thin layer of plastic lenses that makes it so the image shifts as you move the print. You can get a pretty strong 3D effect. But what makes this interesting is that this will work with pictures of your own life -- your kids, your friends. You can take pictures with Poppy and have them printed so anyone can see them in 3D, without needing any extra device whatsoever. We're looking into how we could incorporate this into our app, but at the very least we'll show how you could do this for yourself. Here's a quick video that explains how it works. <url>’s how you can help: 1) Get the word out! Tell your friends, Tweet or Facebook about our project! 2) Pledge at the $59 level. If we hit this stretch goal, you’ll have the option of selecting either a White Poppy or sticking with the classic black. Here’s a first look at some renderings we made so you could see what the White Poppy will look like. She’s going to be a beauty! Help us hit $150,000 so we can make the White Poppy possible! Thanks, Ethan &amp; Joe We’ve added a new stretch goal! If we hit $150,000, we'll make a limited edition WHITE POPPY. It will be beautiful. The Model T only came in one color, we'll be twice as good. We'll get a rendering up for you to look at soon. We'll add it as a $59 reward. You'll get the White Poppy, plus the neck strap and bag, just like the current Poppy Plus reward. And if you’ve already backed you can change your reward to the White if you would prefer. So get the word out, tell your friends, help make a White Poppy possible! Thanks again for all your support! Ethan &amp; Joe P.S. returning from lunch yesterday, we stumbled on a vintage photography store that had 1800’s stereoscopic photos and some classic View-master reels, including the one below of Yellowstone. It really made us want to take Poppy there, or to the Grand Canyon. We can’t wait to see where you’ll take your Poppy! Amazing! Poppy's passed $100,000 in support early this morning. Thanks to everyone's backing, we're now adding a simple screw mount to every Poppy so that you can use it on a tripod. We'll post drawings of how that will work. And we'll get more stretch goals up soon! Thanks again! Ethan and Joe P.S. We've been shooting with the Poppy prototype this whole beautiful weekend in Seattle. Here is some footage. <url>’ve also added our first stretch goal. If we reach $100K, EVERY Poppy will include a simple screw mount (for tripods). We will continue to offer Poppy to Kickstarter backers priced below retail for as long as the campaign is going. And with more backers, we’ll be able to add additional stretch goals and deliver product enhancements and more software functionality to EVERY backer, past, present and future. Please share the project ( <url>“what’s that? it looks very cool!” Youth in Focus’s mission is to empower urban youth through photography, to experience their world in new ways and to make positive choices for their lives. Nice! Thank you so much for helping us reach our goal in less than 9 hours. We're thrilled and humbled by everyone's generosity and support in helping Poppy to become a reality. Also, it was amazing to see so much positive coverage in places like TIME magazine , Gizmodo , Engadget , AllThingsD , Uncrate and more. Please help us continue to get the word out about Poppy. The more backers we have, the more we can do to make Poppy great. So please share our Kickstarter page with your friends and anyone you think would love Poppy. Thanks! Joe and Ethan