Hi backers, It looks like Producer Ben has been posting some updates without running them by me, so I thought I'd clear things up some. It is true that the project has been sold to my personal production company, Sognetto Films. Ben and I suffered some creative differences, and as a result we decided to go our separate ways professionally. Films by Neptune now has its own slate, and, since Red has had my fingerprints on it since its conception, I took Red with me to Sognetto. Since Ben is no longer directly involved with the project, I can't guarantee that he has all the facts, so please take anything he says with a pinch of salt. Unfortunately, the nature of independent filmmaking is that it's fundamentally unpredictable. The best of projects sometimes struggle to get started, even after such a wonderful show of support from so many Kickstarter backers. As a result, there just hasn't been much news. The money raised is sitting comfortably but stagnantly in an account, and the last few months have been a long string of "Spoke to this-or-that film executive; s/he said the project looked wonderful, but it's not the right time/not a good fit for their slate/too low a budget/too high a budget" and so on. I've got as far as one executive producer agreeing to take the project on, but that was a few months ago and she has not had much more luck than I have finding the full budget for the film. It would be easy to blame the economy or the market or laziness in the industry, but what's going on is simply the nature of the beast. Professionally, it's frustrating; personally, it's saddening. BUT - and here's the more cheerful part of the offering - we're still trying. As hard as it is, we know we have a fantastic script with a truly wonderful cast and crew. The behind-the-scenes work continues to refine the script and nail down the look and feel of the film, and I couldn't be more confident that, once the film goes into production, what comes out will be something provocative and unique. In the meantime, we've been following Jodelle's career with real pleasure: it's a delight to see her consistently working in a wide range of roles that really show off her remarkable talent and on-screen presence. So that's where we're at. For now, all I can do is to keep plugging away with our remarkable film. It's slow, boring, frustrating work - and it doesn't lend itself well to frequent updates - but the exciting part of this business is that, at some point, the work will pay off explosively and the wheels will really start turning again. As soon as that happens, you all will be the first to know. Thanks so much for your patience, Director Dani A bit of bad news, guys: Director Dani is unwell and won't be able to do the planned countdown live stream. But there will be vlog tomorrow, and she'll do a live Q&amp;A in a few days to make up for it! Less than an hour to go, and we've blasted right past our goal, so hooray! WE MADE IT!!! Thanks so much to all our backers who have worked so hard to get us past $25,000. We still have a few days left: how much more can we raise? Remember, every penny above the $25k we need to succeed goes straight into the production of the film! <url>"Red". While you're all waiting for Director Dani to come back, here's one of the images from the photoshoot she did with Jodelle: We've stalled out quite dramatically over the last few days, so please, share the campaign with a friend so we can get the momentum going again! We'll have another Facebook party soon, so watch this space! For those of you who are interested in the artistic process behind Red, today's vlog features artist Jessica Jampolsky. <url>" 4 of a Kind ": aside from a script that's earning rave reviews, the project features a director who is slowly going blind, and needs this opportunity to make a film before he loses his vision entirely. Director Dani has backed the project - it's a really worthwile campaign! <url>