Hello backers, I can finally share with you that we are in final stages of negotiation with a firm that will invest and take the lead on Ringbow. The merger will promise the delivery of your Ringbows, with continuation of our vision for new and improved rings. Kickstarter execution is our top priority and we included its delivery in the merger agreement. We expect the deal to be sealed very soon and it is now in the hands of the major shareholder of Ringbow Ltd. As for me, this experience has been one of the toughest I’ve had to face. As opposed to other parties involved, I invested everything I had in the execution of the project. At no point have I considered using the Kickstarter funds for other purposes or private manners, and I never stopped doing everything in my power to push Ringbow forward in a battle that is apparently long lost. I truly hope this merger will solve the internal issues that caused these delays. I respect my obligations as a shareholder of Ringbow and will not maliciously defame any of the parties involved. I respect the obligations to our Kickstarter backers, and will not be dragged to online slandering. I also respect Ringbow's investors, and despite my hands are tied in many ways and certain parties work against us, I'm completely committed to do everything in my power to promote the company and its purposes. My promise is to not give up until each one of our backers has a Ringbow on their hand. Best wishes to you all, Efrat, Ringbow Ltd. Hello backers, While our manufacturing partner is working on the plastics we are focusing on the little things. The package, your T-shirts, the ring stickers… As you can see below, the package is made of a box and a sleeve. All the boxes will have a neutral, glossy, white coating and an embossed blue Ringbow logo. Each of the boxes will be covered with a sleeve the color of the ring inside. Here's a mockup of the "Plurple" package, the package of the white-purple Ringbow. Want to help us make this package better? Please share your ideas for the design and/or text we should include. Thank you! Efrat, Ringbow Ltd. Hello backers, While production is getting back on track, we are reviving the complementary processes as well. As things are moving forward, today we received a first model of the Ringbow package and it looks great! Lately we discussed and reconsidered the packaging design we previously planned, and together with the package designer we decided to establish a new design. In addition to defining the way the ring will be placed inside the box, we required that the package will be small and minimal yet impressive, from a fine material that can be recycled. We also wanted a package that users can re-use, keep their Ringbow inside and carry it comfortably. Since we wanted to approve the package before progressing to its graphic design, this model was intended for testing the size and the functionality of the box, especially the efficiency of the platform that holds the ring. I'm happy to share that we played with it for a while and the box holds the ring firm in its place, providing great protection for shipping and handling. It's extremely easy to use, and the feeling when opening the box and seeing the ring sitting there is dazzling. (Exciting!). Please keep in mind this is just phase one, the model is currently made of a blank Bristol. Don't forget to use your imagination to envision how the package will look like not so far in the future ;) I'll be back in about a week or two, with a few options for the graphics, hoping you'll help me decide on the final design of the Ringbow packaging. Meanwhile I'll be happy to hear your thoughts, Best, Efrat Ringbow Ltd. Dear backers, First I’d like to send a huge thanks to the backers who, despite the delays and some of the negative comments, choose to support, believe, and even offer their help. It is very much appreciated. We are close to solving the situation we got into with the business partners, meaning we’ll soon get back on track. It also means that if no other obstacles occur, you should have your Ringbows by October/November 2013. While the production was delayed, we stopped most of the complementary processes that were running. As we see it, spending funds on developing advanced features while the core product was being delayed could easily have become a waste of resources. With our backers in mind, we believe it is our obligation to manage the funds even more carefully. And so, we decided to postpone things that were not a true necessity at the time. Since things look better now, we revived part of the processes. The first one I’ll share is the electronics’ testing device - The JIG. We already told you about it, though we haven’t shared how complicated building a JIG for the small Ringbow PCBs really was; the size of the electronic board, the size of the Dpad, testing Bluetooth HID connectivity (random codes) while considering time and cost for each testing round, all proved to be major challenges. Our amazingly talented engineers built a machine that will program the electronic boards’ firmware and will test them in a process composed of several tests running one after the other. The test sequence includes testing serialization, PCB information, power ON, power shutdown, programming, Led lights, Tamper keypad, 1.8V and testing the RF Module via Bluetooth Connection. The sequence is composed of several tests running linearly in the following order: Run test -&gt; Collect test results -&gt; Compare results against limits -&gt; Decide Pass/Fail -&gt; Send results to Database/Report -&gt; Decide to stop process or proceed to next test. To better illustrate it, here’s a sneak peek of the device itself: If you missed the short home-made video with a working Ringbow model, please find it here . I'll be back soon with further updates. Warm regards, Efrat [Ringbow ltd.] Dear backers, Finally we are starting to receive some Ringbow units…! Their look and feel is final, and is exactly what we were aiming for, though the color shade is not. The manufacturer will adjust the shades to fit the ones promised in the project. We especially want to nail the Blouis CK! We're going to be in touch very soon with a hotly anticipated update on the shipping dates. We will know more after the first batch is in our hands, which will hopefully be very soon. We will keep you posted. Thank you, Efrat &amp; Saar Hello Backers, While plastic molds are being polished, we have a few pictures of a Ringbow model to share, as promised. We’re also waiting to receive more Ringbows, in various colors, soon enough. You can see how the electronics are assembled inside, snug and in the right place. During the electronic testings we performed this past month we confirmed the firmware version. Our electronic engineers did a great job and it works perfectly! The thing that we still want to improve is the batteries. The charging time takes longer than expected by the specs and we want to reduce it so that the batteries will charge up in the quickest time possible. So, though we do have the batteries in stock, we're on the hunt for better options. (If anyone out there is dealing with LiPo batteries and can assist, please PM us.) The second and last thing we are trying to optimize is the option of using 2 Ringbows at once. Everything's working, it's just that using 2 Ringbows seems to slow the device down. Android copes better than iOS devices, but we want to perfect usage across the board. We are searching for creative solutions to deal with this and we’ll keep you posted on the subject. While all this is going on we’re working on the package design and user experience. We're also working on gathering all the cool swag for our Kickstarter backers. Thanks for your support, as always. Will be updating soon... Efrat &amp; Saar Things are rolling and it looks like we’re back on the right track! Our design team has approved all the teensy weensy details and today we’re kicking off the molding proces. There's more good news - the first batch of mass produced circuits arrived at our facilities and our engineers will dedicate the next few days to debug them one by one. While previous versions of the circuit were already tested and approved, they were assembled manually. This is the first batch of the Ringbow production line that is assembled automatically by machines. The engineers now need make sure everything works as it should - no short circuits, no burnt fuses, no component out of place, etc. - before approving the manufacturing of the rest of the Ringbow Kickstarter circuits. After that they will design and build a special device that will test the units automatically from both hardware and software respects (called a "JIG"). Since we’re not physically there at the site, we’re short on pictures. We're working on getting some soon. All the best, Efrat and Saar Hello dear backers, It's mid November and time for an important update. As you know, our goal was to deliver your Ringbows to you during November. Unfortunately, we're pushing the delivery dates back by just a matter of weeks. During the past few weeks we've made the difficult decision to do an about turn and work with a different manufacturing facility who is better able to fulfill our quality demands. We are set to bring you the best product possible, which is why we make no compromise in our requirements. We are now very encouraged by the speed and quality of the new manufacturer and are certain that the final product will be a much better product for it. So. Things are in production and we're doing everything we can so that you'll have your Ringbows as soon as possible. As we enter the final stages of the production we'll be sending you more detailed and frequent updates. Thanks for your patience and for understanding the circumstances. Best, Efrat &amp; Saar Hello dear Kickstarters, we've got some updates for you guys. SW support – After confirming the support of Ringbow for Android and iOS, we’ve spent the last weeks exploring advanced features to enhance the Ringbow experience, learning the limitations of the different operating systems and looking into how to work around them. The Ringbow Development Guide beta version is ready for DEV KIT and LIMITED EDITION backers. Expect to receive it in your mailbox within the next 12 hours [PM us if you don't receive it by then]. Production – Production is a fascinating process, especially in such a small device as Ringbow. While crafting the first Ringbow production line, our mechanical designers discovered a few manufacturing difficulties, which caused a small delay. After investigating our options, we’ve decided to make the smallest adjustment to the design, to allow the best quality plastic and rubber materials for the product [pictures below]. As you can see, due to ergonomic trial we held, we improved the shape of the button to provide a smoother feeling and ease of use. This button is not yet final but it’s the best we tried so far. Next – We hope the mechanical adjustments are good to go so that the tooling process will get back to work. Next up is packaging, T-shirting, and of course lots of testing. We’ll keep you posted with any news as soon as we have anything to report. Cheers, Efat &amp; Saar Hi guys, We've got some exciting news: So far we dedicated most our efforts on the HW side – figuring out the best way to establish an iOS support so you’ll have it on time as we promised (!) while keeping the ring as small as possible, which is why getting the models takes longer than anticipated. We are proud to share that 2 days ago we confirmed the iOS support. So it's finally official - Ringbow now fully supports iOS! This means you’ll receive the SDKs by the end of September. YAY! We're sure to bring you more good news and sights very soon. Efrat &amp; Saar Wow! What a crazy month this has been, can’t believe we have only 35 minutes to go. We want to thank each and every one of you for supporting us on this fantastic campaign. We'd like to take the opportunity and also send special thanks to our designer Andrew Hartman and the rest of the Ringbow team for the amazing work they are doing. In the next week we will send you all a survey, to add your shipping address and color choices, as well as a few other details that will help us make sure you get the best product experience possible. Now the real work begins. So stay tuned for production updates and news. Our very best regards, with a big THANK YOU, Efrat &amp; Saar Hey Kickstars, We are excited to enter the last 24 hours of our project with more than 120% of our original goal. Let’s have an amazing last day and make some noise so everyone around us will know what Ringbow is all about. SHARE, POST and SPREAD THE WORD. The more we raise the more YOU get! We also have some fan art to share with you. Here's some cool ads Jess Smiley just sent us. And last, some answers to questions that popped up a lot in the last couple of days – Buying more than one Ringbow – You can choose one of the Ringbows of your choice, adjust your pledge to include all the Ringbows you desire and send us a note. We will confirm your order and will update it manually. Using more than one Ringbow on a device – Devices support up to 8 Bluetooth connections at once, so you can pair more than one Ringbow to your device, and you can use it while you have other accessories paired like a mouse or earphones. API availability – The Ringbow API will be available to anyone who pledged $55 and up. The full DEV KIT is available through the DEV KIT pledge or the LIMITED EDITION pledge. Stickers, Stickers, Stickers – everyone want their stickers! Just add $8 to your pledge and you’ll get them! It’s also a great opportunity to remind you all to double check your pledges… Thank you all! Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, The countdown has begun! Only 48 hours left to pre-order your Ringbow and be part of our Kickstarter adventure... During the campaign we've learned a lot from you guys - hearing about all the varied ways you see yourself using Ringbow, besides gaming. In the last week we've spent time with professionals from the engineering industry and found out about their amazing ideas for how Ringbow can contribute to their work and play too. Whether you are a 3D editor, CAD engineer, graphic artist, sound designer or even a DJ, Ringbow offers many new features that will make life much easier, providing another unique dimension to your interaction, allowing you to have immediate access and tools at your fingertips. We are thrilled by the fact that people from all professions and with such a variety of interests are realizing the vast potential of a ring device as a complementary accessory. Ringbow is more than just a device, it’s a platform, and you are helping it to take shape. As always, we’ll be happy to hear your thoughts. Don't forget to tell your friends about Ringbow! Until next time, Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, Time goes by fast when you're having fun and so there's only 4 days to go! We’re already gearing up for production and stepping it up with our suppliers and manufacturers, hoping to have the first Ringbow models very soon. While we have passed our project funding target (and we thank you all for that!) this is a great opportunity for raising additional funds to bring you more features upon launch and support more functions. Please share your excitement about Ringbow and the Kickstarter campaign link, and tell EVERYONE - on your Facebook, Twitter or any other social outlet - you can even shout it on the streets, we don't mind. Anything helps! In the meantime, below is a sneak peek at what games will look and feel like with Ringbow. You can learn about the exciting functionalities and engaging gameplay mechanics that we have in mind. You are more than welcome to comment, advise and share your ideas with us. First Person Shooters It's time to dump the annoying virtual buttons and get your fingers on your enemies. Only with Ringbow you can change weapons on the fly while performing touch actions directly on the scene. Strategy Forget going back and forth from menus to the actual battlefield. With Ringbow you get complete control over your units and can manage your forces quickly and easily, with deep strategic depth and tactic complexity. Platform Are you nostalgic for that tactile d-pad feel? With the Ringbow d-pad you can regain the superior control that you're used to, while the touch screen allows your fingers to be free to move platforms, drag objects and pop enemies, for another layer of fun. Racing Ringbow introduces pick-ups, power-ups, tricks, stunts and even weapons to your everyday racing game. Action Ready for action? Now you can drag your units around while shooting, or touch the screen to aim. You can also join in a friend for some co-op challenge or a versus throw-down on a single tablet device. Also, our friends at Six-to-Start, who launched to fame with Zombies, Run! have also been playing with out prototypes. Here's what they had to say: "As co-creators of Zombies, Run!, we're interested in having players interact with games in new ways. Ringbow is definitely one of the most exciting pieces of new 'wearable' technology that we've seen yet, and we're keen on exploring what it can do." We’ll be back soon with more updates… Efrat &amp; Saar Hello dear Ringboys and Ringirls, We made it! You made it! We made it happen together!! Ringbow will become a reality and will soon be sitting in pride of place on all your fingers. Thanks to your amazing support, we hit our goal ahead of schedule and are over the moon about it. We can't wait to go into production and ship those babies to you. Now listen. Obviously, the more we exceed the goal, the more features we can add to the Ringbow package. So, don't feel like you can't keep telling your friends to get involved. No one is too late to join this party! Have an awesome weekend. We sure will ;-) THANK YOU ALL Efrat &amp; Saar Hi guys, We're 10 days to go and so close to hitting our goal. Thank you so much for your support - we're almost there. We've now got a few cool updates plus a fun new tier that will help you pimp your Ringbows! That's right. We've created a special pack of stickers that will help you pimp and personalize your Ringbows. Designed by the Ringbow team, these vinyl stickers will bling up your Rings, helping you add personality to your Ringbow of choice. If you've already backed for one of the tiers, just add $8 to your total amount and when the campaign closes, we'll ship the stickers to you with your Ringbow. (p.s any great, new sticker ideas might just get included as a bonus sticker!) We're happy to let you know that the Premium Limited Edition Ringbow will now come with all the Dev Kit features and perks (apart from the additional Ringbow). So, you no longer have to choose. We're also proud to show off our newly designed backer tees, which anyone who pledged for the 'dev kit' tier will receive along with their Ringbow. We've also increased the size of our family by bringing into the fold a new game developer. Please welcome iLLogika , the studio that brought you Steam Wars. This game will be available to download by the time you get your Ringbows. Here's what they have to say about Ringbow: "At iLLogika we are very interested by Ringbow because it's all about getting back a much needed off-screen control mechanism lacking in most touch devices, catering to a broader audience of gamers. For Steam Wars it will be used to let users control the robot and camera movement more easily and precisely as well as selecting items without having fingers blocking a part of the limited screen real estate. We are also looking forward to designing and creating new games around Ringbow. Stay tuned!" And finally, a couple of answers to some popular questions; # In both the MULTIPLAYER PACK and the FAMILY PACK you can choose a slate-black Ringbow as one of the colors. # Estimated Ringbow delivery date is November 2012 # Ringbow will support iOS upon launch So, we're off to do all we can to hit our $100k target (of course any help; twitter announcements, facebook posts, taking to the streets with posters and megaphones, would be hugely appreciated.) Have a great weekend! Efrat and Saar A couple of fun updates today to share with y'all. First of all, our contest came to an end so we're delighted to announce the winners of our 'What would *YOU* do with a Ringbow?' challenge. The 2 community winners who received the most likes are: Amy Sourpatchkids and Sam Rios. Well done! Thank you for the great ideas and to your friends who helped you winning! And our “Team Favorite” pick is: Joshua Zimmerman. Joshua, we heard ya and are happy to award you a Limited Edition Kickstarter Ringbow for you and your classroom... we're very much looking forward to see what you and your students do with it, and we'll be keeping an eye on the sky for that blimp . All 3 winners will receive the prize of a Limited Edition Kickstarter Ringbow! We were so impressed with everyone's fantastic, creative ideas for how to use Ringbow, and just because the competition is over it doesn't mean you can't keep sharing your ideas and suggestions. In addition, we're thrilled to welcome 2 new game developers that support and make the most of the Ringbow functionality. Both studios will be adapting their games to Ringbow, bringing lots more functions and complexity to the game play. Let's hear what they have to say.... From StoneGoose Studios, an independent game development studio. "So why are we excited by Ringbow? Imagine if Ringbow had been around at the time of 16 bit games. What developments would have been made? With Ringbow we can combine the sweet simplicity of the old games with a brand new way to play games. This is innovation that is not based on graphics power. We can't wait to start developing games for Ringbow, games that look and feel like the games of the old days but come with a unique new way to play". From Inertiactive , the multi-platform game GraviDrop goes Ringbow. Allowing users to be the masters of gravity, GraviDrop deeply incorporates Ringbow into its gaming experience by using the device to manipulate and alter the different types of gravity that the user can select. This creates an almost three dimensional experience by adding that physical touch, and freeing up much needed space on the screen at the same time. GraviDrop's unique gameplay looks like it was meant for Ringbow and we really think it was. With that said, GraviDrop meet Ringbow. Ringbow meet GraviDrop. Thanks again for taking part in our competition and have a great 4th of July weekend. Efrat and Saar Hi guys and Happy Weekend! We've been listening to all your helpful feedback and lots of you have been coming up with great ideas of how to use Ringbow. So this week we created a short film that shows off some of the other ways that we designed Ringbow to help you get the most out of your devices. Aside from mobile gaming, our hope is that Ringbow will accompany you throughout your mobile, touch screen and application life, making everything you do more efficient, intuitive and straightforward. Well, have a watch and let us know what you think. We had so much fun making this film that we decided to launch a weekend competition to give you a chance to share your own ideas for Ringbow and reward your creativity with some fantastic prizes. More information below the film... <url>