Hey Adventurers!&nbsp; You may or may not know that some of the Secrets of the Lost Tomb were originally inspired by The Librarians the Made for TV Movies and the TV Series! Awesome and EPIC Adventure Fantasy Films such as “The Librarian: Quest for the Spear” and two more films following and 4 seasons of “The Librarians” TV Series! We've licensed it for a new game!&nbsp; The Librarian is a protector of “The Library” an extra-dimensional vault where ancient artifacts and powerful magic is stored out of the hands of mankind! For those of you who are fans of Fantasy Adventure like Secrets of the Lost Tomb, or Fans of The Librarians, Indiana Jones, or Non-Collectable Card Games like Arkham Horror the Card Game or Marvel Champions the Living Card Game and others like it, you’ll LOVE The Librarians Adventure Card Game! It’s a fully cooperative 1-4 player Adventure Card game with Custom Dice and replayable scenarios that take you through the epic adventures of The Librarians! <url>’ll love it! :) PS: Secrets of the Lost Tomb shall Return LATE 2021! You're STILL the BEST Backers in the World!&nbsp; Hey Backers! We need YOU to get us FUNDED! Come and support the long awaited sequel to Secrets of the Lost Tomb! Come and join the WILD RIDE of a "Choose your Own Adventure-Like game with Cthulhu in Space!" :) We only have about 60 hours left and we're nearly funded! Help us make this dream a reality! CLICK AND CHECK IT OUT! <url>’s the “One Bag to Carry it All!” An economical, simple, &amp; affordable bag solution that you can get NOW on Kickstarter for as low as $10! Help us make this EPIC Game Bag dream come true! Go to the Kickstarter! LINK! Thank you for all of your support! Hey Backers ! Come see us at Gencon at Booth 1952! Here's a simple Map: We will have all SotLT expansions, dice, and minis in stock for sale at Gencon! (Very LIMITED stock!) Come see us Early in the weekend! :) We have some awesome promos and other goodies as well! Also limited supplies :) Big Trouble in Little China the Game - if you haven't heard... we're making it! Check out some prototype Big Trouble in Little China the Game Minis :) Coming Soon 2017! Here's some links to web article announcements about the game: <url>#1 <url>"Traitors of the Lost Tomb", launches Tomorrow at 10AM EST! There will be a Special EARLY Bird that's in place for all of YOU! :) All backers of the Elite Missions Campaign and other pledge levels will be able to jump into a special discounted level! This is our way of saying Thank YOU for being the Best Backers in the World! ... Also... All Pledges will include Special PROMO Characters... (Special Announcement Below!) So... Let's get down to Business! What is Fate's Fortune? In Fate’s Fortune, as you explore the Tomb, each adventurer will begin the game with a Fate Card sending you on a secret quest, that upon completion, allows you to flip your Adventurer Sheet to essentially "Level Up"! On the back of each Adventurer Sheet, you'll find your Ascended Adventurer with their own unique equipment card, upgraded attributes, abilities, and courage track! In addition, all Ascended Adventurers have their own NEW Alternate Artwork and standee, an additional reward showcasing the player’s successful completion of their quest! As a New Optional Mode of Play, your group may decide to include a “Traitor Quest” that would be included into the secret Fate Card pile and randomly dealt one of the players at the start of the game. When that player completes their Traitor Quest a harsh crisis will fall upon the other Adventurers as the newly revealed Traitor turns on their former friends and joins the side of Evil in the active scenario and their win condition now is tied to the other Adventurers Losing! The Fate Cards add a whole new dimension to the already rich gameplay bringing a more personal motivation for completing your own goal. With a great new power comes greater challenge: As players Ascend and complete their quests leveling up their characters, the game gets harder making the creatures in the Tomb Stronger and making even more of them Spawn! There's even new Scenarios in this Expansion! One more Amazing Announcement! Vampirella Joins the E.O.P! Our friends at Dynamite Entertainment have sent us an outstanding ally against the forces of evil in the Tomb! Vampirella and Adam Van Helsing! Here to join the E.O.P as Members and Adventurers to dive into the Tomb with you! These promotional characters will be available FREE With every Pledge of this new campaign. They may be available in very limited quantities after the campaign (depending upon stock quantities), however they won't be free :) Thanks so much for all of your support! Be sure to jump in and grab your copy of Secrets of the Lost Tomb: Fate's Fortune! LINK TO THE NEW KICKSTARTER WILL BE SENT OUT TOMORROW 10AM EST! ;) You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! The Elite Missions Expansion Kickstarter has 24 hours to go! If you're not already a backer come join the Adventure! Also, if you'd like to help in another way, please share with your friends and on social networking! Let's have one big hurrah for the final 24 hours! What an adventure these Elite Missions have been! Can't wait for you to get them and add them to your adventures! The Surprise... Spoiler Alert! Everyone who backs this Elite Mission Kickstarter gets a Special Coupon for -$5 Off the new Traitors of the Lost Tomb Expansion Pack for our next Kickstarter! We will be making a special early bird pledge level just for YOU in the next Kickstarter to reward you for backing us here and believing in us! The Coupon is on the back of the "Traitor!" card that comes in every Elite Missions Expansion Pack! New Artwork! Also... Here's some more new artwork! The Spoils of your awesome Backing! :) These will complement the Epic Sides of their Corresponding Characters for the Traitors of the Lost Tomb expansion for when your Character levels up! Also, New artwork for the New Expansion in November: Prince Kamir Chota Singh mid-teleportation! Thanks for your support in our final 24 Hours! Thanks so much again! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We promised to share the pics of the Elite Mission Proofs! There's only 6 days remaining to get in on this fun Kickstarter for the Elite Missions and if you're interested in Upgrading your Pledge we have multiple different pledges to help you do that so you don't have to get doubles of anything! :) Over 900% Funded so far! :) We're so excited that Cardstock and the Print Quality of these came out GREAT! We're very happy with the Color contrast and Readability of the cards and we think you will be too! :) Take a look! We've Signed with Ship Naked! What does this mean? This means we will be shipping and fulfilling using their very reasonable flat rates worldwide! I've updated the links on the Kickstarter Main Page and I am also sharing them here. You can see their rates that are Weight Dependant! <url>"Add a copy to your collection" near the bottom of the page. 2. Rate the game if you have had the chance to play it: This also helps us raise on the Hotness level as well as helps other people make a decision about the game if they're interested in it! 3. Leave a comment about what you think about the game: I've been seeing some amazing comments about the game here on the Kickstarter and via Email... posting to bgg will really help because once again, this is one of those things that helps other people, when they're researching the game, they can read your comments and see if it's something they really would enjoy! 4. And last but not least. one other way to help us get back on the hotness so other people can get their eyes on the game by Clicking the Green Thumbs and Commenting on some of our new Picture uploads of the Game Components! Here's a couple for you to Click On but feel free to go through any that you like and thumbs them up! Any help is a big help: Link: The Secrets Box Link: The Elite Missions The Elite Missions Kickstarter It's going Great! Nearly 900% Funded! What does that mean? That means that the next Kickstarter in November for The new expansion that will highlight a new Secret and Personal Quest Mechanic that when completed will level you up, EPIC versions for all Adventurers as well as a new Traitor Mechanic that will act as a new optional way to play, inspired by great games like Battlestar Galactica, Shadows over Camelot, and of course Betrayal. We've already got some of the new Epic Alternate Artwork to show you! Go check it out on the Elite Missions Update HERE! Note to AU Backers: An email has been sent out to you all regarding your shipments! Keep hope! They are still on the way! Thank you so much for all of your great support! We will be back shortly with even more news! You're the Best Backers in the World! Here's the Link to the new Kickstarter! <url>“Dilemmas” that will cause players to plan ahead and strategize more than ever before! There are various pledge levels starting at the Elite Missions Expansion itself, to limited quantities of The 1st edition Expansion Packs as well! We also have full pledge levels including the core game and more! Let your friends know who don't have Secrets yet! :) Everything ships quickly! The Elite Missions print in the US so they will have fast turn around time! I'll send one more update out tomorrow morning at 10am Eastern Time to send you the link to the Kickstarter! :) For those of you in the AU or other remote places in the world, thank you for your patience, your games have either just arrived, or are about to arrive shortly! Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We've created a Full Components Checklist for you so you'll be able to check if you have the proper components in your boxes. We've created this, because there are a few misprints regarding exact numbers of components so we wanted to create a proper master list to prevent any further confusion! Please use the Link below for the Google Drive to View the Google Sheets Document. You'll be able to view all of the Tabs for all Expansions in the game! <url>… and many of you are now receiving your packages!!! (Which is very Exciting!!!) To help clear up many questions and for those of you wondering what’s coming in what box, I’m going to break it down simply for all of you! Below will be a list of all potential items you may have received! (Actual items depending upon your actual pledge or order) Here’s the Link to our Sell Sheet that will give you a list and description of all of the items that we have shipped out! You can download this and take a look at it to compare to your items to have a better understanding of what you got :) LINK HERE: <url>#!distributors-and-retailers/c7q7 Below is a List with extra info to help with some questions: Secrets of the Lost Tomb Core Game - This special and limited edition Kickstarter version includes all Core Game Components. All KS Stretch Goal Characters and Special Ops Characters are included (One to mention that has a different name is: Most Adventurous Gamer in the World is now named “Lord Harrison Quatourmanus the 13th” and he is the Solo-Play character! *See his special rules in the back of the Rulebook*) There are also tons of Companion Cards added to the game for Solo Play, for discovery in the Tomb, and for use when playing with specific numbers of players to help scale the game! Core game also now includes the KS Stretch Goal Scenarios: High Seas Adventure are now named (The Collective and The Bane of Blackbeard), The Legend of Muramasa is now called: Onmyodo, the Legend of the Masamune Swords. The special modes of play: Grail Quest, Survival Mode, Solo play etc are in the Rulebook and are also included. Quick Errata: The Rulebook has 42 Base Creature Cards, but that is a misprint, it’s actually 39 Base Creature Cards included. Also you’ll notice that there are extra tokens, That is OK! We included them on purpose to give you some extras in case you lose any :) Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion Pack 1 includes: Men of Bad Intentions, Mythological Origins, and Ancient Evil’s Scenarios are now all named and are all included in this pack: Holy Grail… Bloody Grail, The Syndicate of Sangue, Mission: Nautilus, The Rise of the Draconians, The Crown of Serpents, Gods Save the Queen, new room tiles, new characters etc! The Great Apocalypse Expansion Pack 2 includes: The Journey to the Tomb Pack, The Zombie Apocalypse scenario pack now named: Da Vinci’s Macchina Diabolica, The Beginning of the End (Scenario Starring the horsemen “Death”, The Last Ride of the Four Horsemen (Scenario of the Four Horsemen), new room tiles, new characters, Special Zombified Character Standees (for all Characters in the Game) etc! The Reign of Terror Expansion Pack 3 includes: The High Emperor Drakkus Pack now named: “Enter the Drakkus” and the Valhalla Rises adventure pack: now named “ The Viking Princess and the Crown of Fortune”, this pack also contains (one of my favorite things) The Epic Adventure booklet 48 pages of Campaign Booklet!!! The Epic Adventure script allows you to use any scenarios and turn them into campaign mode! It also has a Create your own campaign for use with it. You create your own special character in the Epic Adventure which you can progress and use in each adventure scenario in the campaign (You use a separate Character Sheet to track info on and choose one of the other Adventurers to play during the scenario! *See the Rules in that booklet for more excitement :) The Passages and Perils Tile Pack 1 Includes: The Trap pack and the Extended Tomb Pack are both included in this heavy box filled with amazing giant Tomb extenders!!! This also has a rules page to give you the info on how to use them with the rest of the game! (Very simple to just add them in for much bigger tomb fun!) Atlantis: Mystery of the 13 Tile Pack 2 Includes: Atlantis Adventure Pack and Medusa’s Meridian! The Room tiles and Special Rules for these tiles are all included. Also some special creatures that go with Atlantis and some other extras and special tokens are also included! Miniatures: (All as they were shown in many many updates :) Core Adventures Core Bosses Ancient Myths and Legends Minis (Adventures and Bosses) The Great Apocalypse (Adventures and Bosses) Reign of Terror (Adventures and Bosses) *If you got Painted Minis Upgrade, they will be in there instead of regular minis :) Extra Epic Dice Pack of 12 Dice - Same as the Title :) 12 Epic Dice! :) Extra Rulebook and Extra Core Scenario Booklets: Also, if you haven’t noticed, for each Core Game you’ve received, you should have been given 2 extra booklets that are packed loose in the box. These are the corrected Rulebook and Core Scenario Booklets and you should also have an Errata sheet explaining to you that the Rulebook and the Core Scenario Booklets have their Covers switched! :( So, we had the factory reprint these booklets so we can do right by you all and give you the proper booklets! (So now you have 2 of each) If you want to fix the original ones that are in the core game box, you simply have to just take the cover pages and pull them off their staples and switch them with their books. No Expansions are affected by this issue, only the core game. But we have provided the proper books for you! :) Quick note about Tutorials, Errata, and FAQ: We will be posting tutorial videos that are updated as soon as we can (this may take a few weeks. We have filmed the footage but we now need to do the VO’s for them) Errata and FAQ will have it’s own page on our website ( SecretsoftheLostTomb.com ) and it will be a LIVE Google Drive doc that we will update frequently! As Always, I (Chris) will be as active as possible to help with questions on the BGG Forums! ( HERE: <url>’m also available at <email> :) Scenario Submission Event: We’re extending the deadline 2 weeks! September 15th! :) <url>’t gotten tracking yet, don’t worry! Packages are still being shipped all weekend and through Monday as well! Our fulfillment company told us that all EU and International shipments should be going out end of day Monday! So… stay tuned! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Many have gotten their tracking numbers already, but if you haven't... Don't worry! Our fulfillment center has promised to have all Packages out (over 1000 are being shipped!) by next Monday! (Including International!) Here's what the Shipping Set-up boxing zone looks like : Thanks so much! We're almost there! And don't forget to submit your scenario ideas soon! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for getting us all of your finalized addresses in so quickly! All of the product has been unloaded from our shipping containers and is in the finalization process for becoming organized and prepared to ship out of our Fulfillment Partner, Greater Than Games' Warehouse in St. Louis, Missouri! I had an excellent and informative conference call with them today and went over the following important points about shipping information that I am going to share with you now! All shipping is going to begin no later than a week from today! (8/17/2015) Shipping will start with the packages from USA and Canada, then to the EU, and the the Rest of the World! (This is done in these stages in order to keep everything moving smoothly without any errors!) All Canadian Shipments will be shipped from the US to Canada and then disbursed from within the Country! All EU Shipments will be 100% EU Friendly and will be shipped in mass quantities to the EU and then disbursed from France throughout the EU and UK! All international shipments will be done separately and individually. All shipments USA and CA will be going through Fedex Smartpost. In the USA this means that the packages are picked up and distributed by Fedex and then final delivery is dropped off by your Local Post Office. All International and EU Shipments are completed by Fedex All Shipments will have Tracking Numbers Emailed to you from Fedex! You get your Tracking Number immediately from within the USA. If international, your Tracking Number Arrives once the packages arrive to your Continental Location. I.E. if you're in the EU when it gets to EU you get Tracking. If you're in Australia, you get full tracking when it reaches Australia, etc... Once Shipped: all USA Shipments will take between 3-5 days to reach you! (Depending upon your geographical location within the USA) Once Shipped: all International Orders Vary in time to arrive. Keep in mind however that Fedex is much more reliable than other shippers so it should not take as long as you might expect, but certainly longer than USA or CA. Thank you so much for hanging in there with us! We really and truly can't wait for you to get your games, crack those boxes open, and have countless adventures! We really look forward to hearing what you think of the game and seeing pictures and hearing tales of heroism and audacious feats of courage! Please feel free to let us know if you have any questions at all! My Direct Email: <email> Thank you again so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! I just wanted to give a final 24 hour "Last Call" on any and all Address Changes. If you need to change your address, but did NOT change your address on or before July 10th, please email to confirm your address to <email> (PLEASE ONLY EMAIL IF YOU NEED TO MAKE A CHANGE. IF YOU DON'T NEED A CHANGE, YOU'RE ALL SET AND NO EMAIL IS NEEDED :) ) Jim is taking care of getting all addresses finalized for shipping which should begin next week, and because of the sheer volume of orders and amount of expansions etc, will take about 2-3 weeks to fulfill.(International will take slightly longer to receive.) So by 7pm Tomorrow evening, all Addresses are 100% Finalized and will not be able to be changed. An additional Note: If you're interested in contributing any of your ideas for our upcoming Scenario Submission Event, Reminder that the Deadline is AUG 31st. See more info about that here: <url>#!scenario-submissions/ctm8 Thank you so much! We really look forward to you getting your games very shortly! You're the Best Backers in the World! If you're here at GenCon come see us in the tomb booth 2237!!! Hey Backers! #1. Huge News! As of 6/25/15 our Games (All 12 Different Boxes of Stuff!) Are in a 40' HQ Container on a Boat in the Pacific Ocean! The Games are set to arrive in our Fulfillment Partner (Greater Than Games') Warehouse, on July 24th. Because of Gencon, (Basically the biggest game convention in the World) Fulfillment preparation is set to begin the First week of August. USA Backers should start receiving games soon after the fulfillment begins and EU and other International Backers should begin getting their games by the end of August early September, depending on where you are in the world. Keep in mind it's a rather large process of over 15,000 boxes of product that must be sorted, inventoried, stored, and then prepared to ship out to backers! So, You've been patient up to now, delivery is just around the corner. #2. Backerkit Reminder! If you haven't yet filled out your backerkit, or you think you might need to update your address, Now is the Time! Don't wait! All backerkit info is being locked down and all of your shipping info is going to be sent over to our fulfillment to make sure you get your shipment asap! All backers and If you're an international backer especially, be sure to add your phone number into the shipment. This number will NOT be shared with anyone other than the Shipping Company (fedex) in order to help expedite your order! If you have any issues at all using backerkit, do not hesitate, Email <email> for anything you might need and they'll get back to you as soon as they can. If you need any other assistance, feel free to email me directly at <email> ANYTIME! I'm here to help!!! #3. Special EARLY BACKER ACCESS to our Scenario Submission Event! Ever Dreamed of Making your own Game? Want to contribute to the amazing Pulp Action Adventure Universe of Secrets of the Lost Tomb?! Here's your Chance to have your ideas considered for publishing in our next upcoming expansion! All of our Backers (YOU) have special Early Submission Access to our Scenario Submission event that is connected to our upcoming Secrets of the Lost Tomb Expansion Pack called "Traitors of the Lost Tomb" (The Name Speaks for itself) coming to Kickstarter this Fall! (Estimated Early November) By Going to this LINK: <url>"SCENARIO SUBMISSIONS" You can Submit your Scenario to us. The link takes you to a Google Form where you can access all of the materials, including rulebook, sample scenarios, Creature, Item, Artifact and other lists that you'll need to write your own scenario as well! As we said Above, this is your Early chance to submit your ideas to us to make a scenario with! You'll have an entire 30 days more than anyone else will to write your ideas and create! Just follow the LINK and have fun with it! If you have any questions about the form or anything else, feel free to email <email> anytime and he can help you make your dreams into a reality! Thank you so much for all of your ongoing support! We can't wait to get these games into your hands! We will have all of the production copies very soon, (Mid-July) and we will send pics of that once we get them! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! All is going smoothly with production! We want to remind you to Login to your Backerkit that you've already filled out when this Campaign ended originally and be sure that your Address is up to date! Double Check if you're not sure! We don't want to ship your games to the wrong address! :) Click HERE to go to Backerkit! If you have any issues at all, please email <email> for Any Help you might need! They can walk you thorugh the process of logging in or changing your address etc! Also, if you have any add-ons you might want, you can go to our website directly HERE to our New Online Pre-Order Store. Be sure to email us any questions you have at <email> Some quick pics of Production: Our Factory has reported that all items are Printed and that they're just doing some final Die Cuts and getting ready to assemble everything! So that's great news! :) So... We will be in touch again soon! For now, double check your Backerkits! We hope to have more news soon! Thanks so much! :) You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! All is well in the Lost Tomb and Hello from China! All proofing has been completed for a couple weeks now and all materials for our game items have arrived at our factory in China. They're finishing up the Die Cuts on all of the boxes and other items and are in full production now. Our latest Ship date from China is June 20th. We're pushing for June 10th so that our product will arrive at our warehouse in Missouri to get everything shipped out to all of you before Gencon craziness begins! (Late July Ship out to August Ship out) Here's a few pics of the Proofs that were taken by Jim during his China visit for us! Thank you all so much for waiting so patiently! But it's now time to GET EXCITED and GET PUMPED UP! The Adventure of a Lifetime is nearly here!!! Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Now that we're in production, I can now focus on the Backerkit and getting some early information out to you folks! Regarding production, according to our manufacturer, we have about 30-45 days for printing and then 3-4 weeks for shipping! Then games will be in the mail and out to you! We will let you know if anything changes and we will keep you updated as to all progress as we hit manufacturing milestones! But for now, let's show you some awesome Pre-painted minis! Rulebook: DROPBOX DOWNLOAD LINK: High Quality Downloadable/PDF Rules To those who are interested in beginning their studying on the rules and getting any questions out there in the open early, here's an Early Access link to a printable copy of the Final Rulebook! Thank you so much for your great support through this monumental project! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Great news! We've updated the files to make them just a bit brighter and sent them back to the factory. We should hear back about them receiving the new files by Monday! Once they have them, we should then have the updated files printed and re-sent to us for final proofing and approval for mass-production print within about 1-2 weeks! What does this mean for the timeline? When will you get your games? Manufacturing will take about 30 days (barring any issues *fingers crossed*) and Shipping from Factory to our Distributor will take about 20-30 days. That means games will ship out to YOU in the US mid-june and the rest of the world you should be getting them late June or early July. I know it has been a long time coming, but we thank you for your generous patience and support through our finalization and manufacturing process! “The light is at the end of the tunnel” so to speak, and we will be able to arrive through the front door of the Tomb’s Entrance very soon! Thanks so much again for all of your Epic Patience and Support throughout this Adventure! Another update will be coming soon after we hear back about all of the printing files and with Pics of Pre-Painted Minis and also a Sharable updated file with the Rulebook in it so you can start reading up!!! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Just a quick note to you all wondering what's going on! As I said in the last update, Chinese New Year would be a dark time of no production... But that doesn't mean we've stopped working over here! We've been completing and finishing all layouts and color checks, scenario proofing, and all text edits/proofs before we go to print! Printing proofs from our factory should happen in about 1 Week and soon after that full production shall begin! (Hooray!) :) I'll be sending a much longer update with more to discuss about full timeline once we send those proofing files out to the Factory to get our full print proofs and then hit print for the mass production! (Keep in mind, the miniatures have already been started and once they open back up, that should be the first thing that will be all finished!) Please comment with any questions! I'm always here as usual for anything you may need! Very excited to get this to print! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Here’s an Update to keep you in the Loop as to our Progress towards production!!! Overview: 1. New Box Covers 2. Timeline to Print 3. How are the Minis Doing? (Pre-Painted, Plastics, and Dice) 4. When are you Getting Your Games? 5. Convention Update (Where are we going to be this year?) Expansion Box Designs!!! Here’s the New and Exciting Expansion Box Designs! If you've Added them on OR if you’re a glory Seeker you’re getting all of these! They’re a gorgeous design by our new Freelance Graphics Designer Scott Nicely! He’s done a spectacular job taking our Vision and putting it into reality in these boxes! Creating a fully immersive look and feel. Each Expansion box looks like a Tome or a large Book filled with the Stories of the Eternal Order of Perseus’ Adventures! Timeline to Print Currently, we’re still laying out the final booklets and implementing the final edits on all of the cards, room tiles, and rulebook. Then we’re going to final proof the scenario guides. (Over 450,000 words!!!) (Yeah… lol… it’s a lot) Then simultaneously, the punchboard will all be finalized… Here’s a quick punchboard sample to look at… we’ve been testing the interlocking tile system we’ve custom created for this game…. Check out the final pieces! How are the Miniatures Doing? The miniatures are going really great… (we just got the near final samples and we’re currently testing the final plastic… Not too hard… (Prevent breakage) not too soft (to keep form and detail). That should be all done with the Dice Final Molds this week (17mm 12 sided d6X2 Dice!!!) The prepainted miniatures are still being sampled properly… we’ve gotten our first samples and then we need to have them apply the proper colors and dip for the shading. When are you getting your games? The best way for us to give you a proper exact date is once we’ve gone to print and gotten the games on the boat here. It honestly looks like we’re going to be abutting the Chinese New Year which, will cause delays which are beyond our control. Because of quality control, we’ve not rushed the printing process to make sure that the game looks and reads properly. We are holding ourselves to the highest standards like the Big Game companies like Fantasy Flight and Wizards of the Coast. We’re doing everything we can to make this the best game it can be. We want to be sure that when you get this game in your hands (Approx. New Delivery end of March or Early April) that you can open the box, read the rules, and Experience the Adventure of a Lifetime! The Proofreading team has done an amazing job finding the small errors that would be annoying to find while playing, so we’re fixing those up now! This way we will have the most premium possible product to produce for you! The rulebook will be released as soon as it’s complete! We will make it available to all backers! We appreciate all of your very supportive comments and patience while we finalize this process! We will keep you in the loop as new info arises and as we complete new parts of the project and get these proofs to print! Convention Update (Where will we be this year?) We currently have plans to go to Dreamation, Origins, Dexcon, and Gencon. This may expand as we go… As soon as the game launches, we’re also planning on having an awesome Release Party in NYC! (More details later!) Thank you so much for all of your great support and patience with this process! We really look forward to getting this game out and to you as soon as possible! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Seasons Greetings to you all! We've been hard at work here making huge leaps and bounds of progress. We’re nearly there, but in order to maximize our time and get the best possible product, we need YOUR help! To give you an idea of the scope of the project, and where we currently are, I’ll give you the quick breakdown! Status Update: Firstly, we’ve finally completed the layouts of all of the Cards in the game! This includes the Story Cards, Base, Elite, and Boss Creatures, Companions, Items, Artifacts, Soul Monger, and Status cards! (That’s a TON of cards!) We’ve also completed all Room Tiles in the game! (119!) That’s all Square Tiles for Core Game, Expansion Scenario Packs, Atlantis, Secrets Passages and Traps Packs, and the Triangle Tiles for the special Medusa’s Meridian! (This is where the proofreading will begin!) The rulebook is nearly complete with it’s layouts, but until those above files are 100% Proofread, it’s not the greatest idea to put them into the rulebook for layouts because then we will have to do it again if any changes will be made. (Proofreading the rulebook will be stage 2!) Scenarios (100’s of Thousands of Words!!!) The editing process is in Full Swing and we’re about 60% complete. It’s expected to be 100% Done with Scenario Editing by the 23rd of December, as per our editing team. Calling all Proofreaders! So what we’re looking for is an elite group of Backers to help Proofread the Components of the game before we go to print! This is going to be a fast and furious process in which volunteers will be chosen to read through the PDF Files and let us know if we missed anything. There’s no compensation for helping, it’s on a volunteer basis only. However, we will be issuing a special thanks to those who help and any help you contribute will help us create the best game possible! We’ve created a Form so that you can sign up to become a Proofreader! Please go HERE to sign up! Separate Sign-Up LINK: <url>’d like to start the printing process as quickly as possible! Note: You may need a google email account in order to use the Form and View the Files which will be shared on Google Drive. Shortly after we’ve done the sign-ups and chosen volunteers, you will be contacted via email and given links to view the files. Then you will be able to give us feedback on these files in the following categories: Spelling, Grammar, Rules, Info, and Other. All artwork in the game is final at this point, so we’re not looking for Art feedback. We’re only looking for understandability, spelling, grammar, and anything that might hinder a gamer from comprehending how to use a card or play the game. We really appreciate your help with this process and look forward to printing the game and getting it into your hands in March! Manufacturing Process: Our manufacturer has completed all of the Miniatures Molds and are going to be injecting them this week to begin the Pre-Painted Process. (1 week to do all samples, then after we approve, all production on injection and painting can begin creating the actual Painted and Unpainted Minis Immediately!) After we've Completed all Scenario Editing and all Proofing has been complete, we will send the finalized files to the Printer (Approx 2-3 Weeks From now) This gives us an estimated Print Start Time of January 10th. (After Printer Approves all Files etc) This way we can get these games to the US and shipped out to get in your hands by March! Sidenote: BGG Most Anticipated Game of 2015 is here: feel free to second our Nomination for us! :) <url># 22… If you thumbs it up we will get nominated then we can get Voted in! :) We were highly anticipated for 2014… but as you know… delays happened to perfect and upgrade the game… so here we are! Thank you all so much for you help and assistance in Proofreading these files, and for all of your patience and support! We wish you a happy and healthy Holiday Season! You’re the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We at Everything Epic wanted to wish you a Safe and Happy Halloween! Without Further Ado... the Zombie Eternal Order of Perseus Variant Artwork! These are used in the Zombie Scenario with Davinci's Reanimation Machine... "La Macchina Diabolica" ( All Characters Uploaded to the Website HERE: <url>#!minis/c1c75 ) Here are Some Samples to Check Out: Check out ALL Of the Zombie Pics on our Website HERE: <url>#!minis/c1c75 Once again... Have a Happy Halloween! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thank you all so much for your kind words and support through the process! We've gotten the Proofs for the New Molds for all of the New Miniatures in this week! All 26 Unique minis and they came out great! (In white for proofing process) Everything came out really great except Emperor Drakkus needs a Base (See Below) And we felt the Spider Queen needed to be a little scarier (larger) so we scaled her up a little bit. Dice Work.... We got a couple different sizes of Physical Samples of Dice... we want your opinion! Please take a look at the following pictures! 20mm 18mm and 16mm Sizes What do you think about the sizes? Let us know in the comments!!! New Freelancers... We've hired new Freelancers and Contractors to help us get this game to print as soon as possible! They're here to help us perfect and finalize the assets for printing! They are helping us with templating all cards, tokens, room tiles etc.... and make sure that all symbols, text etc... is in the right place and then making sure that they're all readable and then getting them in files for print! The Pathway to Printing! As the Molds are being created, so are the printing templates. As soon as they're done, we'll be getting proofing samples, that we have to approve. While that's happening, we'll be approving the pre-painted miniatures, and then, when all those are approved, we will be in full production! The Molds! I've put in an email to our manufacturer because of a request for pictures of the actual physical miniatures Molds! I hope to have some pics of the actual molds for you to see next week! Interlocking Tiles Sample We're working on getting that sample created! We hope to have that as soon as possible in order to show and proof the actual interlocking mechanic. :) Here's what the Punchboard Sample Looks like: As always, we appreciate your Patience and Patronage through this process of creation and production! Thank you so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Progress is going Really Great! Check out the New Dice Prototypes Below.... (The Base color is not the Final Base Color but they Look Great so far!) First Two Pics: DICE! Below are Samples of what We're making the Base Dice color for final product...(The final product will not be a regular 6 sided die like below... it will look like above, with the cool black and silver marble look like below) If anyone has a favorite set of dice or style they'd like to share, please share in the comments here! Other News: All Glory Seekers and Other Backers! The other kickstarter is going great! All Glory Seekers in THIS kickstarter are getting all Miniatures and Stretch Goals from that Kickstarter included in their pledge! That's right, all the BOSS Minis are Unlocked! It's really amazing! Only 4 Days left! You can still Upgrade your Pledge and/or get Pre-painted add-ons if you want! LINK HERE: <url>#1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) (TONS OF COOL NEW PICTURES TO SEE ON THERE! :) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! I'd like to see 30 thumbs up and some comments on all of the new pictures in a day or so, that should push us on the hotness. And if we're in the Hotness going into Gencon, that should be a big help for us to get enough backing to complete this campaign, make these miniatures and paint them too! Examples of Pics that Need some Love: <url>"SWARM" Mechanic as well as the "SOUL MONGER" Mechanics! You can also ask me anything about the game and we can talk! It will be in the Forums! HERE: <url>#16549903 And Here: <url>#16549926 Please like us on Facebook CLICK HERE and Follow us on Twitter @EEpicGames Your help is very important! Your support is much appreciated! Thank you so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Kicktraq Popularity (Click Link Below) Please help us by clicking here: HERE Here's more Pre-Paint Renders for you to check out! :) I really hope you enjoyed these renders! Please let us know what you think in the comments! Also, please go on Board Game Geek and do some Commenting and Thumbing! Please help us out on BoardGameGeek.com #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! Thanks so much for your great support and help getting the word out! We're ramping up for GenCon! We hope to see you there! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We've gone ahead and invested in having our 3D Artist Vitaliy Burov do color renderings of the Miniatures! These Color renderings are what will be sent in to the Manufacturer so that they can be painted to match! Notice that we've included the Black-Wash that has been Recommended by many backers! ;) This will bring out the Details in the miniatures. These samples will show the colors used and the details and are not 100% Final, however, they are meant to be a very close representation of what the Pre-Painted figures will look like! Vitaliy is working on coloring them all now and should be done soon... As I get new updated artwork, I will definitely update you and share more and More! Also, our manufacturer has mailed our samples out, we should have them in a few days and when we get them, I'll take pictures of them the best that I can and share those too! Thanks so much! Please let us know what you think!! We still need help getting on that Hotness List to help gain some more traction in the campaign. Please help us out on BGG and on any Blogs you might know! Our BGG Site: <url>"E.O.P. Upgrades Pledge Level" which is $10. If you want to upgrade from your original Pledge to the Glory Seeker Pledge OR if you want to Upgrade your Glory Seeker Pledge to a Pre-Painted Glory Seeker Pledge level, here are the Prices you need to "Over Pledge" into the Pledge Manager in order to obtain the Glory Seeker or Pre-Painted Glory Seeker. In order to Specifically upgrade your pledge from Original Glory Seeker to Pre-Painted, all you have to do is pledge the $175 in the upgrade pledge level (Total). Any other pledge levels are upgraded to Glory Seeker by using the list above! All Glory Seeker Pledges get all of the perks from This campaign and the NEW campaign! I.E. all Miniatures and Stretch Goals from Both! Please let me know if you have any questions or if you need help with an Upgrade. All Current Glory Seekers from this original Campaign don't have to pledge anything additional to Receive the new Miniatures! They are, as promised, Included in your pledge! From Original and New Kickstarter! You get both! All we ask is for your help to spread the word and get us funded so that we can give you all of these cool new Miniatures and help Enrich our Universe! If you have any spare time, please share the Kickstarter and go on BoardGameGeek.com and help us get on the Hotness List which will help us get more Backers! Here's how to do it: Here's how to get on the Hotness List: #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! For the Step-by-Step Walkthrough of how to go on BGG and Help, Please see our Original Update LINK Also share on Facebook, Twitter, and Tell your Friends! :) Thanks so much for your help and Support! Any time you can spend on this is much appreciated.... if you have 2 mins, Great! If you have 10 even better! Every little bit helps! We have a Special Artifact Pack to give everyone when we hit that Additional 50 Backers point! We need your help and support to get us there! Thank you so very much! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Adventurers! We're over 35% Funded now! You guys are doing great! Today's Sunday and I know what you're thinking...(Oh No... we didn't get to the Legendary Artifact Pack...) Have no Fear! We're always trying to find new ways of getting the word out about Secrets of the Lost Tomb and once again, we're calling upon your help to get us "Kickstarted" by spreading the word! Once we've gotten to 150 backers you'll be awarded the Legendary Artifact Pack! (All backers who get a Core game get this Pack) How to Get the Word Out: Social Networks: There are many ways for us to get more backers.. Such as, Share the Game on Facebook and Twitter, on Meetup.com (share with your BoardGameGroups!) on Blogs that you go to that have BoardGamers.... and of course word of mouth at your Local Game Store! One of the best ways is by supporting us on BoardGameGeek.com ! The reason why it's so important is because on BoardGameGeek.com they have a special Hotness List that if your board game get's on it, it will become ultra visible and very noticeable by Board Game Fans! And we need as many eyes on the Kickstarter as possible! How to get on the Hotness List: #1: Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com #2: Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery Please try to comment and thumbs up as many pictures as you can! You can also comment and discuss things that you would like to know MORE about in the Forums there which I will DEFINITELY respond to promptly! Our Facebook: www.facebook.com/everythingepicgames Our Twitter: @EEpicGames Thank you SO Much for helping us share!!! In Other News: We are now a Proud Member of the Indie Game Alliance! They're always looking for new "Minions" to help playtest games and demo games at conventions! If you're interested in helping out or if you're a game's publisher/designer and would like to join... go to <url>"Tavern Brawl: A Fantasy Bar Fight Game" Check out their kickstarter link here: <url>’re already over 25% Funded but we need to go All the Way! In Order to do that… we need You! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are offering you a very special Artifact Legendary Pack to include with EVERY PLEDGE THAT INCLUDES THE CORE GAME... ADVENTURER and ABOVE ... You do NOT have to be a New Backer of the NEW Kickstarter to Get this FREE REWARD.... All you have to do ... Is Help! :) Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive Quest: This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (As Quickly As Possible)! When we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who’s Pledge Includes the Secrets of the Lost Tomb Core Game will receive the Ultimate Mythological Legendary Artifact Weapons Pack! 5 AMAZING Legendary Artifact Weapons: Mjölnir, Thor's Hammer Zeus' Bolt Death's Scythe Excalibur, Sword of Kings The Spear of Destiny (AND As a special part of this new campaign, for Every special Promo Pack we Achieve... we will Release another Promotional Pack Incentive! The more you achieve, the more opportunities will become available ! (We want to give you guys MORE Rewards for your Help!) Just like any good cooperative game... It's not Easy... But if we Work together... we will WIN! So... here's how we do it... In order to get in the Hotness List on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the following things: 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page( <url>“Comment on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on ALL the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far on kickstarter etc… Your rating can always be changed later ;) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! I’ve also created a Step by Step Picture Reference added Below for those who are NEW to BoardGameGeek.com We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get FUNDED and into the STRETCH GOALS :) Every comment and thumbs up is important... So, if you can do only 1... or if you can do All of Them.... we appreciate it! If you have any additional questions about how to do this Please Send me a Message and I'm more than happy to help ! So... even though this original Campaign is Over... you can Still get More Great Rewards added on FREE just by helping us out with this new Campaign! :) Thank you so much for your help and support with this! This will make a huge impact on the project! We thank you for your time and we promise that this will only help make the project even better! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for your Amazing words of Encouragement and for coming out to Support us in getting these New Miniatures Made and in Spreading the Word about Secrets of the Lost Tomb! Dear Glory Seekers: I received over 100 Emails today from Glory Seekers, confirming and asking me things like "Are you sure? Are you really going to give us all of those Miniatures from this New Campaign?" And Yes indeed! Just to reconfirm with all of you backers... For those who also may be confused or Unsure.... Yes! We are including all Miniatures + Stretch Goals from the New Campaign to Every Glory Seeker Pledge or Glory Seeker Upgraded Pledge (New or Original) That means that if you're currently a Glory Seeker, you may not know what to do? You may be wondering.... how Can I help? Well... if you're interested in upgrading further, you can go for the Pre-Painted Miniatures Upgrade! (Many of you have already opted for this Upgrade, which is awesome!) Want to Upgrade to Glory Seeker Now? That's easy! All you have to do is check out the New Kickstarter page and Upgrade your original Pledge using the EOP Members Upgrade section! (Instructions are on the Kickstarter page) Link to New Kickstarter: <url>"Glory Seeker Complete" campaign and once funded, will add ALL NEW MINIATURES from this campaign and the original campaign go to ALL GLORY SEEKER Pledge Levels , Including ALL ORIGINAL Secrets of the Lost Tomb Kickstarter backer pledges . (Yes, that's right... we're keeping our promise!... WHY? Because you're the Best Backers in the World!) I repeat... all Glory Seekers (even original pledges get ALL MINIATURES in this New Kickstarter!) Check out our New Line (Including our Original Line) of Miniatures for the SotLT Universe! Also.... Backers who have backed in This Kickstarter on other levels, will now have an opportunity to become a Glory Seeker in this New Kickstarter! You'll also have a chance to upgrade your Glory Seeker to a Pre-Painted Option! Thanks so much for checking out our new Kickstarter and Please be assured that the new Kickstarter will not Delay the original timeline of this fall's release! Thank you so much for your support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers!!! Optional Mission: Start the Music Below before Scrolling Down too far... <url>"James Bond-Themed" Interactive Game Experience, a LARP in New York City and we will also be running some of those events at Dexcon as well... See our Website <url>"Tomb Base" Thanks so much !!! We're still on schedule for Late Summer Release!! (Late August/Sept Shipping for the game!!!) After Gencon and before Essen is our plan so we're still on schedule for that! Our plans for the Miniature Expansion AKA the "Glory Seeker Complete" Kickstarter is coming along very well and only needs the rest of the 3D Modeling to be completed... that is scheduled for August completion and should be able to be up on KS to end some time near Gencon! NOW A QUICK AND FUN POLL!!! We've been working hard finding ways to make our Miniatures Unique and as Awesome as possible... We've developed a Custom Base... we're trying to pick the Thickness... The base also comes with the name engraved (if we can definitely mould it) on the bottom! Check out the picture and let me know what you think! Do you like the THICKER base? Or Thinner Base? It's shaped like the Tomb with weathering and the Tomb symbol on top and Character Name on bottom.... What do you think of this Cool Custom Base compared to simple Circle base? (See more pics of Christopher St. George.. Below: Lionman Thickness Example Pic) Go to this Poll and Answer :) LINK: Here's the link to the Google Poll! Click Here! (or above pics) Thanks so much! You're the Best Backers in the World! This update is intended for Kickstarter Backers and anyone interested in Secrets of the Lost Tomb and other Everything Epic Games Productions. Thank you for your interest and your continued support! Hey Backers! I am very proud and honored to present to you.... the Glorious... "Atlantis Discovered Tile Expansion Pack!" Now that it has been completed... final graphic design (Danger level of rooms and room effects will be graphically added in...)*** But since our excellent artist has finished this work... I Could not WAIT to show you! From the Lowest bowels of the Tomb, under the structure... The origins of the Power of the Tomb's Mysterious Magic and supernatural ties to otherworldly influences and random disappearances and appearances... When you ask where the Tomb came from... to find the Truth... to Realize the Secret of the Lost Tomb... you must Discover... Atlantis! *** Remember... These tiles will be only about 3.5 inches square with interlocking mechanisms... Meaning... the artwork you're seeing is FAR LARGER than it will be in final form... some things are created in a specific way to help translate in a small room tile :) Try to keep that in mind when checking out the art! We hope you enjoy! Some more News... We were at Pax East as many of you Know! There was a Recording of the Panel I spoke in about Crowdfunding! You can listen to it here: <url>"level up" with cool items and skills! Pledges for the full game start at 45 bucks and I've played it... It's Fun and easy to learn! :) Check it out! And if you're so inclined... and like the game... pledge! :) <url>"Secrets of the Lost Tomb" gaming session! If anyone's interested.. please comment here and let me know and I'll try to run a "Backer Only" session if possible!!! Thanks so much everyone.... You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! This is your Reminder that if you have not yet completed your backerkit to please login and complete your backerkit survey/add on any add-ons you desire, as soon as possible. Thanks in advance for your Help getting all of this done! We really want to make sure you get your games to the proper address and that you get all of your add-ons etc properly! :) For those of you who have already completed your Backerkit, THANK YOU VERY MUCH! Your help is much appreciated! :) If you have any friends who want to Pre-Order, please share with them this LINK: <url>—" Remember these rhymes to tell the difference between the two snakes: "Red on yellow, venom fellow; red on black, safe from attack." or "Red on black, venom lack; Red on yellow, killer fellow". Red touches yellow, kills a fellow. Red touches black, friend of Jack. Red touches yellow, kills a fellow. Red touches black, venom lack. Red touches yellow, death says hello. Black touches red, keep your head. Yellow touches red, you be dead. Red touches black, eat Cracker Jacks. " LOL I had to share these rhymes so many different ones! Thanks so much everyone for your amazing support! Please let me know if you need help with the BackerKit! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! I've been getting lots of emails about Dice, Gripmats, Miniatures and Other Add-Ons! Let me help out and make this simpler for you guys! THE DICE: We've explained in many updates in the past but with so much other info in the updates, sometimes things get lost :) So here's the easy way... We are now exclusively using "DoubleSix Dice" Custom Made by our Manufacturers Specifically and Especially for Secrets of the Lost Tomb and Everything Epic Games! 8 Dice are included in EVERY Core Set and 12 Dice are included in the "Extra Dice Pack" All Dice are Uniform, meaning All Dice in our Entire Game System are "Double Six Dice" (D12s that roll as d6's) It's unique, rolls much more nicely than a Cube, and are very COOL! Here's the Final Style that we think looks the best, pops the symbols the best, and is Easy to Read! These Dice roll the results the same as a d6... they are d6 two times on one die! :) Let us know what you think of the colors and symbols in comments! THE GRIPMATS: To help those of you Looking for Gripmats , I have Created a Special WebPage with all of our GripMat Designs on it in large picture format to help you pick what you like! Here's the Link! <url>#!secrets-of-the-lost-tomb-gripmats/c1ito THE ADVENTURE PACKS AND ROOM TILE PACKS: For information on those, please read the descriptions on the BackerKit OR go to the Main Page of the Kickstarter itself. If you look through our updates, you can also find out lots about the Packs too! If you have any special or specific questions about them, please email me directly. <email> ... I'm always here to help!!! LASTLY, THE MINIATURES: Here's the Link to our Miniatures page on our Website! <url>#!minis/c1c75 Thanks so much for your support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! It’s the Update Many of you have been Waiting For!!! The BackerKit, Survey and Add-On Pledge Manager is HERE! (All Backers Must Register on BackerKit to Get Their Pledge!) This update Contains a Quick Overview of: 1. How to Upgrade your Pledge. 2. Available Add-Ons 3. Contact Emails if you need ANY HELP! (We're Here to Help!) 4. Links to Help you be Reminded of Add-ons. 5. Link to the Pre-Order on Backerkit Link for your Friends who want to Pre-Order 6. Instructions for Retailers (Contact us Directly <email>) INSTRUCTIONS FOR BACKERS WHO WANT TO UPGRADE THEIR PLEDGE: As soon as you Login to the Backerkit, there is a Dropdown Menu . It will allow you to upgrade to higher pledges and pay the difference! We’ve made it simple… Three Upgrade Options! The Adventurer at $60 Core Game and Regular Stretch Goals! The Fortune Hunter at $150 Core Game and All Regular Adventure Packs and Stretch Goals! The Glory Seeker at $250 Core Game, All Adventure Packs Regular and Vault of Perseus, All Tile Expansion Packs, Epic Adventure Script, Stretch Goals and Miniatures!!! Also we have TONS of Add-Ons!!! This "Get It All" Pack Includes : All Adventure Packs! Order of Perseus Exclusive Adventure Packs! Tile Expansion Packs! Tile Expansion Packs, Epic Adventure Script! Extra Custom Dice Pack! After You've Chosen your New Upgraded Pledge, you can also Add-On any Additional Items you may Want and then you can pay any difference in costs through BackerKit Directly! You can even Purchase Additional Core Games and Entire Pledge Levels at a Small Discount. Overview of Available Add-Ons on the BackerKit: Being a Kickstarter Backer YOU GET EVERYTHING FIRST!!! A Note About Waiting for Retail: All Adventure Packs, Tile Packs, Miniature Packs and Extras will be released in Waves after all Pledges have been Shipped. Core Game is Released to Retail First, then Expansion Packs will be Released separately at different times. So... If you really want the Adventure Packs, Tile Packs, Miniatures, or Any of the Cool Expansion materials... Get it Now and Get it FIRST! Everything is going to be printed at a limited quantity for this first printing so now's the time to grab what you know you really want before it releases and is sold out in Retail. Wave 1 Miniatures Pack! ( Boss Monsters and Stretch Goal Characters (Click to see pic on our website ) Expansion Room Tile Packs (Atlantis, Secrets and Passages, Traps, ETC) Adventure Packs (Apocalypse Pack, Mythological Origins... ETC... ) Extra Dice (Set of 12 Custom "DoubleSix" dice) Additional Pledge Levels/ Core Games (Add-On for your Friends or Family get Holiday Shopping done Early! ;) Tee Shirts (Small-XXL, Green Rhaz Azul Shirt! Minor International Add Shipping) AND MORE!!! Emails for Help , Questions, and Support: Email us Anytime! Chris@EverythingEpicGames <email> (Question about BackerKit Online System, Email Backerkit... question about Products Email Me!) Link to Updates With Room Tile Pictures and Other Artwork that's Available in Add-Ons: <url>"CHOOSING TWO ADVENTURE PACKS" Please go back in and Try again... the Issue has been fixed! Thanks! Thank you so very Much Backers!!! You're Truly... The Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We Currently have our New Micro Game called Raiders of the Lost Tomb on Kickstarter Now! Be sure to check it out! You can back us for as little as $3 to $5 SHIPPED ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD FREE :) It's a fun Micro version of Secrets of the Lost Tomb! We're Nearly Funded! Help to push us over that edge!!! Thanks for your support! Link: <url>"To hold you over" until Secrets comes out, Raiders of the Lost Tomb can give ya that quick Tomb feel when you're on the go and while you wait till this summer :) As you can see we're still working very hard to get Secrets complete and we're still on schedule. I'm currently working hard to get the scenarios all polished off... Some really amazing and Unique storylines I can't wait for you guys to enjoy! Please check out the Micro Game and share with your friends :) Link Below too: <url>"Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, For the Gamer!" The game is 100% Complete, Playtested, and Ready to Go! (Rules may need some minor editing) but the game is fully developed and has been in the Queue for a while so it's finally time to let you guys enjoy it! It's perfect for putting in your wallet / pocket / car / bag ... etc... and all you need is some Pocket Change to play! We're in the works of getting a video up and online in about a Week... but in the meantime I really look forward to hearing what you backers think about the Print and Play version... (One-Sided Simple set-up version of the Full Game! Full Rules Included) If all goes well the game will be up on Kickstarter with a 3 Dollar (5 dollar suggested pledge) shipped to Anywhere in the world Free and it will Ship Out within 2-4 weeks of the Kickstarter! If you missed the Link here it is! <url>"Dreamation" Game Convention here in Morristown NJ this past weekend where Players got to Experience the Capture the Grail mode of play as well as Demo our new Micro Game "Raiders of the Lost Tomb" a competitive d2 Based Tomb Diving game for 2 players! :) I'm going to Upload this Pics ASAP and share with ya soon! For Now.... you'll have to Settle with some AMAZING new Tomb Art and new Character 3D artwork! :) Hope you Enjoyed!!! More Coming Soon!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers!!!! I've got a ton of new artwork for you to see!!! New "Tomb Expansion Room Tiles" New UPDATED THEME AND NAME FOR THE "TOMB EXTENSION" "THE SECRETS AND PASSAGES PACK" (Included in The Glory Seeker Pledge Level and Also Available as An Add-On)* * May also be a Trap Tile below as well hehe... Check out the New Artwork Below! (Let's start with a Huge Round of Applause for Ninjace!!!) WHEU.... That was a Ton of Work so Far!!! Making AMAZING SPEED and PROGRESS!!! A Round of Applause for our Resident Miracle Worker... NINJACE!!! (AKA Jim) And now for something Completely Similar....;) There were Two Special Pledges that had Custom Tiles Created... Here are the Fruits of their Dream-Inspired Tomb Tiles: I just Love all of those NEW TILES! (Let me know what you think in the Comments Below! In Other News we're still working on some of the Character 3D Models! Check Lady ROCKET out... BOOOOMMM!!! Lastly, the BackerKit is ALMOST COMPLETE!!! I should be sending that out VERY SOON!!! Thank you So much for your Support Backers!!! I really can't wait to get this game in your hands!!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! Check out some Awesome News! We were voted the 22nd Most Anticipated Game of 2014! Check it out! LINK HERE! Only a Couple Votes Away from Top 20! Which is awesome since we've only been around for a couple months! The Really REALLY Amazing Part is How well we did in our Nominated Categories! Check THIS out: Most Anticipated Categories (Out of 15) Horror Games of 2014 5th Place!!!! Original/Innovative Games of 2014 15th Place Cooperative Games of 2014 11th Place Solitaire Games of 2014 6th Place Strategy Games of 2014 9th Place Thematic Games of 2014 15th Place Sci-Fi Games of 2014 11th Place Fantasy Games of 2014 8th Place There you have it Backers! We placed in EVERY Category we were Nominated For! WOW! I am so Proud Backers! Thank you so much for your undying support! Amazing job supporting Secrets of the Lost Tomb.... one of the most Highly Anticipated Games on BoardGameGeek.com for 2014! Keep on Supporting us on BoardGameGeek!!! If you haven't yet ... please Become a Fan! Check out the PnP Free Download and also Check out the Pics!!! "Thumbs Up and Comment on Stuff! :) Our Page Link: <url>"Lost Adventure Scripts" that we did not get to during the original Campaign! (I Know I'd Love to get those Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse Minis! Wouldn't YOU?) What Do YOU Think?! Please comment Here in the Update! I want to hear what YOU Think! AND NOW... NEW 3D ARTWORK for Minis!!! Preview of "The Land Colossus" from "One if by Land, Two if By Sea" the Adventure Script !!! This Is not a Boss Monster... it is actually to be controlled by the Player Characters against the Sea Kraken! And a Preview (UNFINISHED) of James T. Temple's Character! Enjoy! Thanks so much for your support! Please let me know what you think about a Miniatures Kickstarter! You're (Still) The Best Backers in the World! Backers! You are the Greatest! Less than 90 Mins left... In case Anyone is Interested... we have a bunch of "Epic Demigod" pledge levels left! (Help Design Your Own Tomb Tile!) You have done such an Amazing Job... and the Game will be a Testament for what you've accomplished for all eternity! It's because of you...That our Dream becomes a Reality! You've done an amazing job! We've hit stretch goals and pushed through in this campaign! You've really come through for us! So we promise to come through for you! We will make the best game we possibly can! Use the best components... highest quality minis, perfect rulebook, and best possible story lines for you to enjoy! We will make sure you have the best looking artwork upgraded and amazing before printing the final game! We will keep you UPDATED (not spammed) but in the loop so you know whats happening with your game as it's being finalized! :) If you have any questions.... need anything at all... we are here! Message me anytime or Email me at <email> We are not going to disappear.... We have some great plans to help you Fans get even more great content! (I.E. Minis and Other Stretch Goals that were not hit yet) When those plans are final, you'll be the First to Know! Like us on Facebook: <url>"Add-Ons" so... I am going to give you a quick "How It Works" description! There are TWO WAYS you can "Add Things On" 1. First, you can ADD ON THE FUNDS TO YOUR PLEDGE. To do this... you go to the "Manage Your Pledge" button on the kickstarter... and you (Add Up the Money Cost, Including Shipping if you're international) and then you Increase your Pledge to the amount that would include all of your add ons. Then what happens, is we send out a special "BackerKit" Pledge Survey, and then you Specify your Add-On Choices... and BackerKit gives you "Credit" and you Choose all the Stuff you want for the Prices that were on the Add-Ons. and... 2. The Second Way you can do this is you can "Wait for the BackerKit Survey"... when you get the Survey... you will be able to do the Exact Same Thing as Listed Above...(choose all Add-On Options and Specify What you Want Exactly) Only Difference is... You Must Pay for it Through BackerKit's Payment System Separately! AND These may not (we haven't decided yet) count towards the Stretch Goals. :) (Currently the GripMats are Shipping Separately so for International Buyers there is a Small Extra Fee) (DoubleSix Dice ship With the Game... The DoubleSix that Are Custom Etched Dice will be In the Box as the Main Dice, if you're a GlorySeeker... you get an Extra Set of DoubleSix Dice!) (If you do or have already Done a DoubleSix Dice or Any Dice Add-On, you'll get these Cool Dice!) Very Simple Options!!! :) If you have Specific Questions about these... feel Free to Message Me or Comment about it! Also! Very Important... Please Vote for Us on BGG Most Anticipated Game of 2014! (If you haven't Done this Already!) Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"EB #3 Glory Seekers" if Anyone's Interested in Pledging Up and Saving a little money :) We have Less than 2 Days to Go so for us to hit more stretch goals... we need your help to Spread the Word! Tell All of your Networks, Friends, Gaming Groups... Anyone you might thing is interested in Secrets of the Lost Tomb! :) Share away and help yourself and your fellow backers get even more awesome Cool Stuff! :) If you have Any Questions about Anything! Please don't hesitate to Message me or Comment! I'm here for you! Thank you So Much for all of your Amazing Support! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! As Promised... Play the Video... THEN SCROLL DOWN LOWER!!!! <url>"6" Critical Hit) what do you guys think? Comment below.. . Also: Don't forget to add your Gripmat if you're interested! (Either add it on to your Pledge NOW OR Use the Pledge Manager on BackerKit to get it Later! :) Thanks so much Backers for your Support!!! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! We're ALMOST at our 90K Stretch Goal for Brig Gen. Patrick Drake to join the Team! :) Also, Keep in mind the Voting is Still Open: If you haven't Voted Yet... Please Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. Link ONE MORE TIME BELOW : <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. Link ONE MORE TIME BELOW: <url>#item2999145 This is Our Nomination to Make sure we will be in the Running! Your Thumbs will help us become Nominated and Eligible for the Voting Process! (Which Begins TOMORROW! I will Remind you! :) Here's the Link! Click it and Thumbs up Our game! :) It's Super Quick to Do! The Link again... <url>#item2999145 Special Thanks to Peter Dorney and Paul C for Starting the Nominations for us! :) Also, just a Reminder if you haven't already... Please Help out Our BGG Hotness and Visit our BGG Page! <url>#1! Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World! HEY BACKERS!!! I'VE GOT HUGE NEWS!!! 80K STRETCH GOAL HAS BEEN UNLOCKED! Dr. Heidi Dupont New Character and Her Miniature is now on the Team! :) ALSO! EVEN BIGGER NEWS! TWO NEW VAULT OF PERSEUS ITEMS HAVE BEEN ADDED! First... You Get: Valhalla Rising! The Daughter of Lief Ericson has returned with the Tomb to reclaim the New World... for Honor, for Glory, for her FATHER! Will the Eternal Order of Perseus be able to find out what she truly desires before she is able to activate the powers of the Viking Gods? and Second... You Get: The New and Exciting EPIC ADVENTURE SCRIPT! The Origin of the Tomb! Learn where the Tomb came from and how it came to be in our world... How did some of the most powerful artifacts and supernatural mysteries come to be in the Tomb... Find out in this Epic Adventure Script! The Epic Adventure Script is an All New way to Play! It's a longer, more detailed campaign-like mode (cooperative) where players have the opportunity to play through the game in an even more involved way than before. The Epic Adventure Script is like a traditional Scenario Adventure Script in the way of some objectives, however, once you've completed a section (or major objective) there will be " Choices ".... The Players must agree on one of these choices according to what they believe is the best for the direction they would like to go in... Very Similar to a "Choose Your Own Adventure Book!" ... Every Choice will have Effects, Outcomes, and Consequences! This gives this Adventure the Ultimate Replayability and Player Options! The Epic Adventure Script comes in a Booklet Format with More Story and More Great Details for you to Immerse yourself in! ***Help us get to NUMBER 1 on BoardGameGeek.com !!! Please Comment and Become a Fan and Rate us! :) Comments on Pictures and Thumbs up HELP ALOT! :) See Update #34 For Instructions on how YOU can help us get more stretch goals! Click This link to see Update #34 for more Information on how YOU can help! :) THANK YOU SO MUCH BACKERS! KEEP UP THE AMAZING WORK! KEEP ON PUSHING AND DO THE BEST YOU CAN TO SPREAD THE WORD! STICK WITH US AND LET'S GET TO THOSE AWESOME BOSS MONSTER MINIS AND THROUGH EVEN MORE STRETCH GOALS! YOU'RE THE GREATEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! Hey Backers! You guys really did an amazing job! Thanks so much for the hard work so far!!! See Update #34 For Instructions on how YOU can help us get more stretch goals! Update #34 Link! Click Here! You all certainly earned the Samurai Adventure Pack! Happy New Year and Congratulations to all! I hope you all can still go forward and help us push just a bit more! We only have 6 days to go... and being at #1 Will help us get noticed by even more Board Gamers! Lets help people find the game before the end of the campaign! Lets get even MORE gamers get us to get those stretch goals made!!! :) Thank you all for all of your support! I really look forward to you getting this game in your hands soon!!! Doublesix Dice FAQ: We know that their schedule says August delivery... we when making our custom DoubleSix Dice will be able to accelerate the creation schedule to have it on time with the manufacturing of our game so Secrets of the Lost Tomb will not be delayed by dice creation. You're the Best Backers in the World! Thanks for Spending the New Year with US! :) Hey Backers! We've Done it Before... let's Do It AGAIN!!! Let's get that Free Adventure Set for All Backers who Pledged the Adventurer and Above! (Shown Below) <url>"Sword of Honor... Sword of Doom" In an age long forgotten, there were 2 Master Swordsmiths. Masamune had no peer in his craft until Muramasa was born. Muramasa became the greatest student of Masamune, willing and able to learn from the Master himself. As he matured, Muramasa’s skills and innovative modern styles began to eclipse those of Masamune in the eyes of the public. While Masamune showed nothing but unending praise for his Pupil, Muramasa was always green-eyed with envy because he never truly felt satisfied with his work compared to his master’s. Their Shogun, in his great wisdom, proposed a contest to ease the growing tension between the two men. The contest was simple. Each was to slice one of the shogun’s mustache hairs from end to end as many times as possible. An impossible task to complete even once, or so the shogun thought. To the amazement of the audience, Masamune was able to slice the hair exactly 1 more time than his mentor. Enraged, Muramasa attacked Masamune when his back was turned. Masamune defended himself masterfully and thoroughly, while Masamune attacked with no regard to his own life or his master’s. Both men were killed in the Epic Battle. Muramasa’s sword, decreed to be cursed, as it was used to kill in cold blood. Masamune’s sword was held in the highest honor, having defended an innocent. Neither sword would be ever be wielded again. They were each encased in Jade, Black Jade for that of Muramasa’s sword and White Jade for that of Masamune’s. When the time was right, they were taken to the Island of the Eternal Lotus, where they were hidden from all but the most worthy and also perceptive. Our Kickstarter Partners: DoubleSix Dice: Check out our Dice Partner DoubleSix! :) GripMats: Don't Forget to Add-On Your Gripmat! :) (You can do this Now by Over-Pledging OR later In Backerkit Survey! ) Thanks so Much for All of your Continued Support! You're the Greatest Backers in the World!!! HEY BACKERS!!! Time for us to Go Viral again! We want to get EVERYONE Great Stuff FREE!!!! We’re Ramping up for the final 8 Days of the Campaign and We want to get these Even MORE stretch goals Unlocked for Everyone! :) In Order to do that … we need You ! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are going to offer another GREAT Special Backer Reward! It's Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive! This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (In the next 48 hours )! If we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive: "The Tale of Two Swords, the Legend of Muramasa" Adventure set! "The first of the swords was by all accounts a fine sword, however it is a blood thirsty, evil blade, as it does not discriminate as to who or what it will cut. It may just as well be cutting down butterflies as severing heads. The second was by far the finer of the two, as it does not needlessly cut that which is innocent and undeserving." In order to get on the Hotness Chart on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the steps below: (There are a lot of steps below... do as much as you're able... if you can do a couple comments and a couple thumbs... cool! Thanks! If you can do everything... AWESOME! :) 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com (If you aren’t sign up for free) 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page ( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Takes some Time but Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery. e. Rate our Game (I know some of you haven’t played yet, but use your best judgment! And feel free to download the print and play mini game! (which is also on the BGG Site! <url>"Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me: I have included a special In Depth WALKTHROUGH to BoardGameGeek use! Here’s a Link! : <url>"Push Wallet" A Must-See project we think you should know about: The World's First automatic smartphone wallet, is also the slimmest. It's a wallet that'll blow your minds. Push – Your Wallet at the Touch of a Button • <url>’s an elegant, discreet and ultra-secure wallet protective case, all-in-one. World Famous artists are contributing their artwork for exclusive Kickstarter only Specials. So we encourage you to check out the rewards. Thanks for Looking Backers! I can't wait to share more and show you more AMAZING STUFF SOON!!!! :) WOO HOO!!! Only 10 Days Left!!! Let's keep this Momentum GOING!!!! Hey Backers! 1. Important Survey! This is a Very Important Survey that we need you to take! It's quick but Important! It can help us choose how specific game components will be chosen and more! <url># Have a Wonderful Evening and Christmas Day! You're the Best Backers in the World! -Chris Hey Backers! Just wanted to wish everyone a Merry Christmas Eve! And with that, I wanted to share some New 3D and Other artwork I just got in! Bianca Sinclair! AND: <url>#22 for Step by Step Instructions! Thank You So Much! You're the Best Backers in the World! :) Hey Backers! We're getting so close to that Stretch Goal for the Core Minis! Lets Get There! .... And Now... for MORE Horsemen!!! The Black Horse! Famine! "And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; Zech. 6.2, 6 and he that sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt not the oil and the wine." Enjoy the Music Below with the new Pic! <url>"And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, Come and see. And there went out another horse that was red: Zech. 1.8 ; 6.2 and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great sword." ....... : BEHOLD! WAR!!! New Video Song to Listen to While you Look! :) Enjoy... <url>"And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see. 2 And I saw, and behold a white horse: Zech. 1.8 ; 6.3 and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering, and to conquer." — Revelation 6:1-2 Some Johnny Cash Music to go with the Pic Below: (Turn on the Music then Scroll down to the new Art! :) ENJOY!!!! <url>#1 PESTILENCE! 3 MORE HORSEMEN COMING SOON! Thanks everyone for your Undying Support! We're continuing to bring you Great New Updated Artwork!!! Hang In There my Friends!!! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! --Chris Hey Backers! As Promised, Here's the Preview done by Tom Vasel of the Dice Tower! <url>"Alligator" MacPhee!!! Here to help us Get There!!! All Core Games now Include this New Character! Congratulations Everyone! Great Job! Other Exciting News.... I had an Interview with DJ Grandpa and it's Live and Ready for your listening enjoyment on free podcast... DJ Grandpa is the Voice of Kickstarter and he and I have a great discussion about the game with a little more of an insider look at myself, Chris the head designer here at EEG :) <url>’ve been working VERY HARD for You !!! We’ve been spending the last three weeks , ever since the campaign has begun trying to find a way…. ANY way to get these Miniatures in your awesome Hands, so that everyone can Enjoy! We’ve found the way!!! To make this Happen for You, we’ve decided to split the miniatures up into “WAVES” … Instead of doing it all in one giant BUMP ($250K Stretch Goal) We have found a NEW method of breaking it up so that you can be GUARANTEED to get Minis no matter what! We have Re-Structured the Stretch Goals and the Kickstarter to make this happen! Here’s what we’ve done: We’ve compressed the existing stretch goals into more easily attainable goals: Alligator MacPhee is now only a couple dollars away only 65K!!! Core Character Miniatures: $70,000 Stretch Goal!!!! When we hit 70,000 We will Include All Core Game character Miniatures in Every Game! That includes all "Core Characters" and all Stretch Goal "Core Characters" that are coming up in the stretch goals! (When we’ve hit the 70,000 Stretch Goal it will be 10 Minis!!!) We then Give New Minis (for The Glory Seeker and for Add-Ons) Almost EVERY $5K!!! Check out the NEW UPDATED Stretch Goal Picture Below and on the NEW UPDATED Kickstarter Page!!! YOU'RE THE BEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! THANKS FOR STICKING WITH US! THIS WILL ONLY GET BETTER! Hey Backers! Thanks so much for checking out this Important Update!!! 1. We have opened up a New Adventure: As you saw in last night’s Teaser , there’s a new Evil in town! The High Emperor Drakkus, the Son of the Dragon and Past Leader of the Brotherhood of Drakkus…is buried in the Tomb and so is his Still-Beating Heart separated from him, locked away in a Vault Sealed with Powerful Magic and Guarded by Ancient Forces. His Draconian Brothers are on their way to find it, and revive him so that he can lead them to Victory… the Eternal Order of Perseus cannot let this happen… at least not without a fight! (We’re adding this to the Vault Picture later today) (See Update #19 for the Picture) 2. EU Friendly Shipping Announcement I attempted to announce this in the body of the game and throughout the campaign but I don't believe I've truly hit the nail on the head yet.... We are formally announcing EU Friendly Shipping and International Fulfillment that will help Backers get their games without extra fees and in a faster more efficient way! Here's to you international Backers! 3. For The Holidays we Give you: More Fortune Hunter ($145) and More Glory Seeker Early Birds at ($235). Tis’ the Season of Giving! Tis’ the Season of Generosity! Tis’ the Season of more Early Birds at the $145 and the $235 Pledge level! Have No Fear!!! Anyone who’s pledged at the $245 level, I have taken a list of each of you… you may switch down to the $235 level at Any Time during the campaign even if it fills up… just by contacting me. I have taken your name and pledge level down. We will keep the momentum going and moving in the right direction and so we’ve decided to open up more of these early birds in hopes to drive more traffic and more early Backers to the campaign to help it grow so that we will be able to get to miniatures sooner! There’s 28 Days to Go … let’s make each one count! Please feel free to Message me directly if you have any questions about this change. We hope the added savings to those at $245 will be worth the inconvenience of adjusting your pledge level. 4. Name A Tile Pledge: EVOLVED! Now the "Design A Tile" We’ve decided to go a bit crazy and work with you guys to help design the game! The "Name a Tile" pledge is going to change and now become a “Design a Tile” pledge. We will work with you and your likes/dislikes and ideas about effects of the tile (in the scope of the world of the Tomb) to work together to Create a Tile that you’d love! Our game designers and Artist will work with you to create the Tomb Tile Room of your Dreams ! The Name a Tile has been removed and a New Pledge Level has been added! This is a very special Tier that comes with Glory Seeker Level rewards and the Immortality to have your very own personalized Tile in the Tomb. * * Game Designer and Artists have Final say and word on any tiles created. Will do their best to create the tile of your dreams within reason and scope of the tile type. 5. Game Previews Coming Soon: Undead Viking Videos: And: The Dice Tower: with Tom Vasel Thank You So Much for YOUR support! We Can't Do This Without YOU! You're the Best Backers in the World! Presenting: Emperor Drakkus, the Son of the Dragon "Through the Millennia, a still-beating heart pumps... locked away from it's owner's body... a sunken city , where the Dead now reign... the wings of doom and the teeth of death now rise to seek out their M aster ... The Brotherhood has waited Long Enough ..." Coming soon to the Vault of Perseus! (And to the Adventure Sets / Add-On Menu) Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World! HEEEYYYY BACKERS!!! It's been a Crazy Week! We held on to boardgamegeek.com #1 spot for over 3 Days! Amazing Job! I hope you guys, if you haven't already, hop on there and become a fan and comment on some pics to help raise our Rank some more on the Hotness ! :) We've Completed and Unlocked our 2nd Stretch Goal the "Capture the Grail" Competitive Move of Play! Every base game will receive extra Items and Artifacts as well as special rules for this NEW and COOL Mode of play! And Third of all.... THE VIDEO IS COMPLETE!!!! <url>“Lady Rocket.” In the summer of 1926 Soviets troops enter the area where she lived, intent to return those who fled back to Russia. Emma and her family made their way to Switzerland. In Geneva, Emma was approached by the EOP and offered a chance to develop new equipment and inventions for the US military. She flew to Roswell, New Mexico and been working for EOP ever since. Next Stretch Goal: Special Competitive Mode of Play "Capture the Grail": This Mode has a classic Capture the Flag feel with a Modern/Tomb Twist! Players run into the Tomb and explore until they can reach the bottom level where they must grab the Grail and Run out! As soon as the Grail is Touched, Traps, Monsters, and Friendly Fire are now ACTIVE! So from there on own it's an all out War to see who can escape with the Holiest of Relics... This Mode of Play Includes: Rules, Special Items, Artifacts, and Trap Cards that will be Added to Every Core Game adding even more Replayability and Fun to the Tomb! You Guys are Amazing and I really Appreciate your Comments, Suggestions, and Support! I really Appreciate you all Posting on BGG and Helping us Stay #1 On the Hotness which will DEFINITELY help us get to our Stretch Goals and to the Minis Quickly! Keep Posting and Thumbs Up-Ing in the Comments! Help us stay #1 for the Campaign!!! We are going to be adding more to the Stretch Goals Soon from 100K to 250K (We will add that in) We have also Added in a Description of Solo Play into the Body of the Kickstarter in case you or someone you know wants to know a little more about how Solo Play will work in SotLT. And once again, Gameplay Video Coming VERY SOON! (We're working really hard to make it Great!) Gameplay Previews are also coming soon... I'm printing up More Prototypes to Send out! So in about 1 week-ish we should have some Cool Previews to show you guys! Thanks so much again for everything! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers (Best in the World), Outstanding Job on the 100% Funding! So happy and grateful that we're fully funded in only 1 week from when we launched! This just goes to show how much people care and how much they have pushed to support our project. We highly appreciate it and we hope you know how much it means to us that you're helping make our dream a reality . Here's what you get: This adventure set, "Barbarossa's Barbary" is a part of a set of 2 (The Bounty of Blackbeard) that we released for Black Friday's sale and added it on this weekend and we hope to make sure that there's more amazing fun stuff to come soon! Now all pledges, The Adventurer and above receive these two FUN Adventure Sets included in their pledge. Also a reminder: Anyone who's interested in Pledging and Backing us for a Holiday and/or Christmas Gift we will Happily provide a very special E-Card to send you our gratitude and to give you something that you can give the gift recipient. Once again, Thank you so much for helping us get to this point in only 1 week! We hope to make it to our big stretch goal of the Miniatures at least by the end of the campaign... We really appreciate your help and ongoing support in our project and in us! Keep on Spreading the Word, sharing online, telling friends, and Most of All, commenting on Board Game Geek :) Thank you again for being the Best Backers in the World! We Can't Do this Without You! Friends, Allies, Backers... Lend Me Your Ears! (Or eyes in this case) You all did a Fantastic Job getting us to the TOP 3 on Board Game Geek in a short amount of time... We are on the Verge of being funded and it's been only a little more than 6 Days! You know that we here at Everything Epic Games LOVE giving our Backers (The Best Backers in the World) Awesome Free Stuff... Extra Stuff.... MORE STUFF... and that's why ... because of your efforts... we believe that it will be tomorrow, (Monday) that will be the day that we are funded.... One Week from our Starting Day.... One Week to Fund! Therefore to make sure that you guys get the very unique other half to the Pirate Set (Barbarossa's Barbary) we are going to keep pushing it until Tomorrow Evening to be funded and this way we can give you this Second Part of the Adventure Pack! So what can we (Awesome) Backers do Until Then You Say? Lets Stay on that Hotness List! Let's take the #1 Spot! In Order to do that... all I ask is that you: 1. Be Member of BoardGameGeek.com (If you aren't already one :) 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page ( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get Funded and to the Miniature Stretch Goal ASAP! We will be adding some more stretch goals very soon and once the funding gets rolling ... more Vault of Perseus Stuff!!! :) Quick Update on Gameplay Demo Video and Preview Videos: We're Rendering the Video Now and it has a little more Editing Work that needs to be done to it... This is a time consuming process... but we want it to be really good for you Backers.. so we need just a little more time to get it finished for all of you and posted here on the Kickstarter! So It's Coming Soon! Preview Videos are being prepared and will be coming soon within about 1 week or so... So I hope you all Look Forward to Those! :) Thank you so much! Can't wait to be fully funded and moving in on those Miniatures! :) You're the Greatest Backers in the World! Hey Expedition Members! (AKA Backers!) We had an awesome time tonight preparing the Game Demo Video for you which we hope will be finished being Edited by tomorrow evening. (Big round of applause to our Editor Jim (Ninjace) We did a GREAT Job getting on the Hotness! So let's keep those Comments coming and keep pushing up and UP to get to the TOP!!! (I think we could Surpass Eldritch Horror and Heroquest... Don't you? :) Some More News... We gotta keep pushing tomorrow to get to our Funded Goal! If we make it by end of the day tomorrow (Monday Morning) we will give EVERY BACKER (Adventurer Level and Above) the Scenario Script Adventure Set "Barbarossa's Barbary" which is a Black Friday Special Promo which has evolved into a Get Funded Promo! :) Everyone has already received "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure Set because of our new Hotness Glory... so let's complete the Pirate Adventure Pack with a BANG and add in the next Set! Miniature News: We have a Brand Spankin' New 3D Model for you all to enjoy! With Great Pleasure... I now Present to you... "The Forsaken King!" The Lionman! Let me know what you think! :) Thanks so much once again for all of your amazing support! We Can't Do this without you! You're the Best Backers in the World! Good Morning Backers! You wanted it! Now you got it! "The Bounty of Black Beard" Himself Shall Be Yours! Thank you so much to everyone and their hard work in getting our name out there! Remember, It's not over yet! It's only just begun!!! Now that we're up there in the Hotness Lights... we need to stay there and continue to Rise reaching up for those Minis! So please continue commenting and thumbs-ing on Board Game Geek ... start a page about us even for fun... Chat about the game :) and if you haven't yet already... Please see Update #9 on how to help us get to BoardGameGeek.com Fame! :) We're on the Hotness now so let's keep rising to the Top to help Secrets of the Lost Tomb get those miniatures and more great stuff for everyone! Don't forget the second part of our Promise... We will give you the "Barbarossa's Barbary" when we become Fully Funded by the end of this weekend! Only about 13K left to go!!! So let's keep-on a Pushin' and getting the word out in all the forums, social media, and to your friends! :) Thank you so much for supporting us the way you are... this really means a lot to us... You're the Best Backers in the World! More To Come Soon! Stay Tuned! --Chris Hey Incredible Backers! You all did a Fantastic Job Today! Really Great Work on BGG as well as with spreading the word during this very busy shopping rush! We really appreciate the great Push, Awesome Comments, Ratings, and Thumbs up!! The More Comments, Thumbs, Mentions etc.. The Better! We will Hold On to the Results for the BGG Exposure Reward until tomorrow when everything on their servers Reset! If we hit the Hotness Then Everyone will get that Reward! Because of an Amazing job working together! If by some chance we did not get on the Hotness on BGG, we are going to give everyone an EXTENSION ! This is not a contest, this is Teamwork! This is all about making this project the best it can be by getting it to the people who haven't yet had the chance to see it! If we all keep working together... once we get to where we need to be... (Hotness List) we will still reward Everyone (Adventurer Level and Above) "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure set! The more People who can see the project the better! Because the sooner we get Funded, the faster we can move towards the Miniatures for ALL Stretch Goal! That's Not All!!! There's More... We would like to offer our backers another opportunity to Obtain the FULL Pirate Adventure... Tell everyone you know about the project... Post on Forums you Like, or Find, about the Project... post the Link to Secrets of the Lost Tomb where ever you deem appropriate. Because... if we are able to be Fully Funded by the end of this Weekend... by Sunday Night 11:59pm... we will give everyone the other half of the Black Friday Promotion! We will offer the Entire Adventure Set of "Barbarossa's Barbary" FREE to all Backers Adventurer Level and Above! This is a THANK YOU for the amazing Help you've given so far... and a Thank you In Advance for Helping us through the Rest of the Campaign! You're the BEST Backers in the World! --Chris AWESOME BACKERS! Thanks so much for the push so far! We've got lots of new comments and thumbs on BGG... The Online Sales, and the Long Lines in the Store can't stop Our Amazing backers! You Guys Rock! :) Keep on Pressing Forward! Great Progress! Lets keep it going! As many comments and Thumbs and Ratings, forum posts, and publicity that we can get on BGG will help! Keep on Commenting and Thumbing! Each person who contributes is helping us get even closer to those miniatures!!! We've gotten about 16 new backers today and we gotta keep it going! We only need about another 34 new backers (Adventurer and Above) to get us to one of our goals! Keep on Spreading the Word! :) Thanks so much! We have 47 Fans so far On BGG and about an average of 3 Comments on Each Picture... lets keep that going and get as many comments as we can get! If we all pull together, we can really get this game to Victory ! :) Hey Backers! Time for us to Go Viral! On Black Friday we want to get EVERYONE Great Stuff FREE !!!! We’re Ramping up for Black Friday after our Thanksgiving Dinner we are Very Thankful for all of our Backers and we’re thankful for being over 60% Funded and we want to get completely funded and to the Big Stretch Goal as Quickly as we can so we can go beyond for YOU! We want to get these Miniatures Made for Everyone! :) In Order to do that … we need You ! And this is where our Promotion begins! We are going to offer 2 Great Pledge Rewards for Black Friday for 24 Hours Only!!! Pledge Reward 1 : Backer Push Incentive! If we get 50 more backers (In the next 24 Hours) on top of our OVER 170 current backers… EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the “Barbarossa’s Barbarism” Adventure set. Pledge Reward 2 : Board Game Geek Blitz Incentive! This is Not A Contest… this is a Reward for cooperatively raising awareness. We need more exposure on BGG! To do that, we need to get in “The Hotness” (In the next 24 hours) ! If we achieve this... EVERY BACKER who Pledged Adventurer level and Above will Receive the "The Bounty of Black Beard" Adventure set! In order to get in the Hotness Chart on the Front Home Page of Boardgamegeek.com , we need as many backers as possible to do the following things: 1. Be a Member of BoardGameGeek.com 2. Go to Secrets of the Lost Tomb’s BGG Page( <url>“Comment on All the Pictures in the Gallery” (Very Important) d. “Thumbs Up” on All the Pictures in the Gallery e. Rate our Game (Preferably a High Rating *Wink*… but please be honest to what you have played during a time when you have played, or what you think of the game from what you’ve seen so far) f. Finally, at the Bottom of the Board Game Geek Page , if you couldn't find the Rating on the main search area, you hit the "Plus Mark" here and expand the area, You can Rate and Comment on the game here as well! If anyone has any issues with this, you can message me and I can help walk you through this process! We need as much exposure and traffic to the Kickstarter as we can get and this will help us get to the Miniature Stretch Goal! Thank you so much! You're the Greatest Backers in the World! Holiday E-Card Provided! Anyone who would like to Back us and Pledge for someone as a Gift for the upcoming Holiday Season , we will provide you with a Free Backer Pledged Holiday E-Card for you to give to the recipient of the Board Game that Keeps-On Giving! This way they’ll have something that they can receive as a gift that you can print yourself when the giving time comes. Example Below: Thank you for your help! We can't do this without YOU! The best backers in the world! Hey Backers! Hope everyone is enjoying Thanksgiving and We're very excited to announce that we're 60% Funded! We want to keep this going and we are going to be giving some amazing Black Friday incentives coming up starting at Midnight Tonight! We are going to be offering some great stuff for EVERYONE! Details are coming soon! It's the Holiday Season so we're going to keep pushing forward with you to get to our stretch goal and get those Miniatures Made!!! I'll be in touch later with another Exciting Black Friday Update! Added some more info to Board Game Geek and more Pics of Characters and some Gameplay (waiting for it to be approved by BGG Admins) Interesting Insight to our Prototype Games that you'll be able to view! Gameplay Video Coming Soon! Have a wonderful day everyone and keep on spreading the word! You're the Best Backers in the World! Hey Backers! What an amazing first couple days! Lets keep the momentum going! We're over the 50% mark and we gotta keep the steam going... We're moving into Thanksgiving and we have a lot of plans for PR, Advertising, and anything that can give this campaign a Boost towards the big stretch goals and the Miniatures! Here's the BGG Site... <url>"The Vault of Perseus"! The very SPECIAL additional Content for the Game and included in every "The Glory Seeker" Pledge Level and above! And we will keep on adding more content as the Campaign Grows! :) Currently Including: The Meridian of Medusa: A Tomb Expansion Pack (Special Unique Triangle Tiles) AND Atlantis... Discovered!: A Tomb Expansion Pack (Level 4 of the Tomb Explored!) SEE THE PICTURES BELOW! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT! YOU'RE THE GREATEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! THANK YOU EVERYONE! MORE TO COME!!! A Short Update: Firstly, I want to thank each and every one of you for Pledging so far… We’re really making great progress and growing! To those who pledged the first EB Glory Seeker... Thank You Very Much! The Glory Seeker Will Get Better and Better as the Campaign Grows! We have added another EB Glory Seeker at the price of $235 because of the High Demand! We have added some text to help to clarify what is included in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level to help alleviate confusion I.E. The special “The Vault of Perseus” Add-On Menu which we will be adding extremely soon! (All items in “The Vault of Perseus” Add-On Menu are INCLUDED in All “The Glory Seeker” Pledge Levels! All “The Glory Seeker” Pledge Levels include the same items.) NOTE: (Pledge Levels of Adventurer Level and Higher will have access to this Special Add-On Menu.) Thank you so much for Your continuing support and interest in our project! We won’t let you down! You’re the Greatest Backers In the World!!! Dear Backers! We Really Look Forward to an amazing Kickstarter with all of YOU! We can't do it without you! Here's an Updated Picture of our Rhaz Azul T-Shirt! :) More Art Coming Soon! And More Updates! Please share our Kickstarter page with all of your friends and family! We really appreciate each and every one of you! ---Chris Everything Epic Games www.EverythingEpicGames.com