Final, Final Inspection Today, in our offices, we completed a highly satisfactory inspection of Sensu brushes with the revised design. We are very pleased to announce that everything passed muster. We will ship to our backers from this production, which will be complete next week, and in our hands on the 27th or 28th. We plan to inspect, pack, and ship for the remainder of the week with final packages shipping Tuesday the 3rd of April. These shipments will include only chrome brushes. Gunmetal Exception All gunmetal limited edition brushes will ship by April 15th. This short run of brushes in a special finish could not be plated sooner than that. Sorry. Anyone who ordered a combination of chrome and gunmetal will receive their brushes in two shipments to avoid making anyone wait longer to play with their new toys. Surveys Surveys will be sent tomorrow to request your current shipping details. International Shipping Until we receive your completed surveys we have no way of telling which backers are from North America and which are international. We will also learn, for the first time, who has included appropriate shipping charges with their original pledge amount. If you have not paid shipping fees, we will send you a PayPal invoice by email. These invoices will include a link and simple instructions for making a payment on the PayPal website. There are fees involved on our end, but we will absorb these in order to assure a smoother transaction. There are no additional fees for you to make your payment by this method. Beta-Buddies Here's what you have to look forward to: people are raving about Sensu! We got fantastic feedback from our beta-buddy testers over the last few weeks. Several comments were posted on the comment feed on our Kickstarter page. Some highlights: Guido: "It's great!...painting apps will never be the same. It's truly a great painting experience...also great build quality. Margi: "Gorgeous to look at, feels awesome and is weighted to perfection." Michelle: "I am thrilled with the look and feel of the brush. I paint daily with actual paints and love to do studies on my iPad. The Sensu brush makes much easier work of that! It feels and glides like a high-quality brush, only without the messy cleanup." Wrap-up We are so excited to finally share Sensu with you all. We thank you all for your patience through a longer process than we hoped would be necessary. We really look forward to hearing from you as you get your brushes and start to paint. We're Wired Wanted to catch you up with some Sensu news. Last week we were featured on Wired magazine's website. As one of Gadgetlab's "Gifts of the Future", we were reviewed alongside several other tech products including a limited edition "Back to the Future" Delorean. Teamed Up With Apple Big thanks to David Nash of Apple. He saw Sensu on Kickstarter and thought teachers in the NYC school system would love it. Monday night, Maggie from our team was in NYC appearing on stage with Apple to present Sensu and talk a bit about our take on digital painting and our passion to fill the world with more artists. Our presentation was received with a lot of enthusiasm by the 300+ teachers in attendance. Many are eager to have Sensu in their classrooms, but they'll have to wait until after all of our Kickstarter backers get theirs in January. Production Everything is still on track and on-time. We can't wait to get these into your hands! 7600 Sensu brush heads are being built over the next 48 hours. The rest of the components are coming together well. Sensu in the Wild Thought you might like to see Sensu in action. Below is a video clip of our friend Matt Lynaugh painting in the ArtRage app on his iPad. He had Sensu in his hand for only 2 days before he committed this session to film. Matt is working in layers on top of a photo that he imported into ArtRage. In this mode he's chosen to allow the brush to select color from the original image. Each time he picks up his brush and sets it back down on the screen a new color is selected and can be used until he chooses to switch. You can see how nicely Sensu moves on the screen. It has a lot of flexibility, but enough "snap" to come back to it's original shape. It has enough stiffness to allow the artist to open palettes and select menu items. You can also see Matt using some nice multi-touch gesturing to change the size of the brush stroke. Matt Lynaugh is a designer and illustrator living in Austin, TX. If you want to see more of Matt's iPad paintings visit www.mattlynaugh.com. Be sure to visit his painting-a-day blog. After an all too brief celebration of our Kickstarter success, we were right back to work on all the details of manufacturing, packaging, and shipping the 2,302 Sensu brushes ordered by Kickstarter backers. Thanks again to everyone who supported us!! Our commitment to all those who pledged: 1. You are our priority. We have several distribution proposals to consider, retail chains requesting samples, and a healthy interest from the press. We will not allow any of that to get in the way of getting beautiful brushes in your hands ASAP because we know we have you to thank for all the opportunity coming our way. 2. We will deliver. Lots can get in the way of hitting a specific date in producing a new product. We know that from a lot of experience. We knew before posting our project how and where Sensu was being made. Our target remains to ship mid-January and we are making good progress towards that goal. Manufacturing updates: Several things have fallen into place in the last couple of weeks, including that fact that Amazon transferred Kickstarter funds to us only a week after the project closed! Didn't expect that! What are we doing with your money? 1. We placed our first official order with the factory for 4000 pieces. 2. We gave final sign-off on the rubber stylus nib and are quite pleased. We succeeded in arriving at a coating for the tip that "glides" more easily across the screen than most on the market which we felt were too "grippy." It should be a nice drawing tool. All aspects of the brush have received our approval and we expect to see our full, final samples in about 2 weeks. 3. We finalized design and ordered the couple thousand felt sleeves we need for Kickstarters. The wool felt is actually selvedge from a Chicago-based manufacturer of industrial gaskets. Just some more cool Chicagoans that we cold-called who got excited about our project. The Sleeves will be sewn one block from our studio at the Douglas Center, a sheltered workshop offering job training to adults with severe physical and mental handicaps. 4. We completed design and ordering of components for the gift boxes for the limited edition gunmetal brushes. Only 150 will exist. 5. We signed off on the gunmetal plating this week as well. 6. We booked an order for another several thousand brushes to arrive in February to go onto store shelves – AFTER you get yours. A lot of other time has gone into the logistics of mailing all the brushes efficiently when they arrive. We've looked at a lot of what worked and didn't work on other projects' comment streams. We have determined that it will be more effective to survey backers for their addresses and other delivery questions, closer to the time of delivery so that more address info will be accurate. We expect to send our surveys out at the first of the year. We will continue to update you as we progress through manufacturing. We'll get some images of our final samples up when they arrive in a couple of weeks. Thank you again for your support! Rick, Kent, Trinedy, Marisol, Nicole, Maggie, and Joe Over $50K with still a few days remaining! We continue to be amazed at the outpouring of support for our humble project. We've met cool people who have been a great help, and we have exciting retail opportunities brewing for the future. Our first goal is to be the best ever at fulfilling our Kickstarter orders and we're pouring a lot of energy into that already. We can't wait to get these into your hands and get you painting! One very good bit of news for our backers is that we have finalized our costing this week and determined that the price of Sensu at retail will be $34.99. That makes the reward a really great deal at $25 or less per brush. Hopefully that news will get some fence-sitters to jump in and pledge. Maybe it's a good reason to come back in and increase your pledge to buy a few more. Keep spreading the word! Thanks!!! Wow! With two weeks still to go in our Kickstarter project, today we connected with our 1000th backer. A giant thank you to each Kickstarter who has pledged to make our dream a reality. So many of you have reached out to your networks and spread the word. We appreciate all that you've done. There's another big number on our Kickstarter page but the "1000" is the one that really gives us the most satisfaction and pride. Thanks to the 1000+ of you from the 7 of us, Rick, Kent, Trinedy, Marisol, Nicole, Maggie, and Joe! A few minutes ago we passed the 4-day mark in our project's life on Kickstarter. We also crossed the 200% line in our funding goal! Thank you to everyone who has pledged and helped spread the word! We've gotten great exposure on blogs all over the world. We've been Google-translating Japanese, French, Italian, Spanish and Russian to keep up with what bloggers are saying about our brush. Kickstarter warns us that this is where things can slow down for us until the end where we can expect to rally a bit. Please keep tweeting, posting, and reaching out in any way you can! The response has been so great that we are speaking with a couple of key sub-vendors about how we can move ahead with production earlier than planned. I make no promises at this point, but I will report back if we are able get any of our longest-lead time factories to fire up even before the project ends. We have pledges for over 500 brushes already, but we face a first order minimum of 3000 to achieve our best cost. Every dollar pledged on Kickstarter makes that number more comfortably achievable. So again, scratch your heads and think of a friend or a network that you can recommend us to. We remain so grateful for all you've done already. We can't wait get Sensu in your hands – and ours! <url>