Hello friends and backers, As we reach 7 years since the KickStarter campaign for Serpent's Tongue I wanted to reach out to each of you and apologize for not completing the project to the degree we promised. I wish we had been able to implement all of our ideas and vision for this game experience. In hindsight, as amateur first-time game designers, many of our ideas were extremely unrealistic and totally off the wall. But at the time, we didn't know what we couldn't do or what things really cost to produce and support. So we ended up with some beautiful, exciting and ambitious ideas by the end of the KS campaign. As backers, a lot of you were probably like us; swept up in the potential of those ideas and promises. Most of us in the ST community wanted something more than a game, we were looking for something that broke the fourth wall and made us feel something different. In that regard I think we failed you and I'm sorry. In addition to the failed vision, there are some physical pieces that we also did not deliver. We basically were only able to deliver the base game and the inscription sets. This in itself was a massive under-taking for us; so why did we keep increasing the base game by expanding the total card set from 250 to 550 unique cards?! At the time we were still swept up in the grandeur of what Serpent's Tongue was going to become. We wouldn't even consider not giving Serpent's Tongue every ounce it could have at launch. Through this committed but naive' mind set we used up the bulk of our funds, time, energy (and maybe sanity?) just on these primary pieces of the game. When we were finally able to ship the game most of our resources and time (i.e. acceptable time frames to deliver a kickstarter) had been exhausted. As we then set about dealing with manufacturing issues and some quality issues we also dove into trying to complete the additional pieces while trying to raise money to pay for them. When our unexpectedly high $76,000 bill to fulfill ST came due later that year and we were unable to pay all of it, we were cut off from our hard won inventory and its been a difficult ride ever since. I do not offer this explanation as an excuse I just wanted to provide some inside understanding of what went wrong. I don't imagine this is an unusual story for KickStarter anymore, but all of us, you and I, started this at the dawn of KickStarter when there weren't as many of these precedents and so we hold ourselves and the project to a higher standard. So next I would like to itemize what we delivered and what we did not, to help identify the compensation you are owed. Magi's Chest: Complete. This was not a perfect item, the dials don't hold their spin perfectly, the plastic pages for the Codices were often miscut and the general design of that binder is not my favorite (we should have forsaken customization for an actual bound book damnit.) But otherwise I'm going to call this complete. It had 2 PU leather Codices, inscription pages, plastic card holders, tokens, about a 100 inscriptions and the energy dials with grommets. It was $45 including shipping, yikes. Archive Cases: Complete. This is where most of the game was for many backers since this was a hybrid TCG. We added to this set of cards extensively over the development time period. Probably too much so, over complicating the game. But we did end up with a huge set of unique (mostly) beautiful tarot sized cards, lovingly and painstakingly designed by now world-renowned Jere Kasanen. The biggest issue with these was the randomization system used to create the inscription packs was non-existent. We were lied to about the advanced sophisticated system that would be used to accomplish a precise randomization system and instead workers grabbed handfuls of cards from stacks and shoved them in without any de-sorting whatsoever. Ugh sorry about that. But Im going to call this one imperfect but complete. As thousands of these crafted boxes filled with more inscription packs than were originally promised did go out to all the backers. The Magi's Nexus: Almost Complete. The extremely robust system by where magi would collect avak'shar points from the code cards found in the Inscription packs (this part was successful) and then could redeem them for specific cards on the Nexus that would then be mailed to them. Thus creating an entirely new system for TCG's that was expected to maintain the thrill of discovery, obtaining and collecting rare cards without the same money sink and hopelessness of some other TCG's. Jeremy Scherer our programmer and co-designer wrote over 10,000,000 lines of code bringing this together along with the Flare Card Nexus that allowed real time display of thousands of cards, community created inscriptions, commenting, voting, errata and more. Its the most robust board game design tool in existence today, in some ways I wish it wasn't wasted on us because it deserved better. It still exists today and I know Jeremy's system is now available for lease for other board games. But the issue came when we tried to get the card reprints and avak'shar card singles from China, we ran out of money and couldnt pay the remaining portion of the bill (about 30%) and freight them over here and setup the planned distribution center. Out of Eden. Many of you backed ST solely because of this promise to play the game cooperatively or Solo. I had trouble adapting the crude system I had originally envisioned to the increasingly complex ST game mechanics, until at some point post launch I realized I needed an entirely different version of Serpent's Tongue to create a cooperative campaign for it. Incomplete. Reward Packets. We had these nice little black, wax stamped sticker reward envelopes for you that contain 13 additional cards, 2 codex pages, a ST pewter pin, and a small black rune inscribed cloth bag. What is sad is we produced all of these and paid for them but couldn't afford to get them over here. Undelivered. Founder's Codex. This was a deluxe bound version of the codex. The samples came out beautiful and were what all the codices should have been. We ran out of money to produce them. Incomplete. Magi's Compendium. A giant binder to hold your collection of inscription cards. This did not really get into the development stage, there were some sizing and quality issues with our preliminary samples. There was much more promised of course, and there was a lot more produced by the volunteer serpents tongue design team but I wanted to create a list of physical items I am accountable to you for. THE SERPENT'S TONGUE VOLUNTEER DESIGN TEAM Before I go into my compensation plan, I want to acknowledge and thank the volunteer Serpent's Tongue design team that spent years working on this project with zero compensation. They created the language, stories, the more clever game mechanics, the magi script font, all of the graphic design, art design and the thousands of hours that go into supporting and editing those tasks. They worked on helping me problem solve and troubleshoot a myriad of issues, they handled customer service, sent out replacement parts at their own expense, answered thousands of emails and helped organize this massive project. They are all backers like you, who, when they saw me struggling just jumped in and started helping. The only reason we delivered anything to you at all is because of them; left to just me, I honestly would have probably failed to deliver anything. Jeremy Scherer - programmer and co-designer, (and support, writer and solver of all things.) Jere Kasanen - graphic designer. art director and co-designer. Greg Krywusha - author, co-designer and graphic design support. James Wright - writer, playtester, designer and community support. David Borso - customer support extraordinaire, community liaison, replacement distribution system director. Brian Gabrielson - my brother was a minority share owner of this game (10%) but was never paid or compensated in anyway for his years of work on the project. Jason Carter - puzzle master and general world building. Pat Dulin and Olli Markkanen - testers and game mechanic troubleshooters, logging thousands of hours in their test games. Stephen Tepen, Jeremy Le Saulnier, Connor McCumber, Kevin Yancey - Keepers of the Spheres who helped design, playtest and support large swaths of the game. They assisted with world building writing and more. Stephen Mercer - writer and community advocate. Justin Wawrzonek - writer and world building. Adam Duncan - prolific writer and genesis world building and more. I am missing many people from this list who helped significantly; that list contains thirty more names. I owe an apology to all of these volunteers for the amount of time and strain I placed upon them as well as my total gratitude for helping me create the base game, the archive sets as well as so many pieces I was not able to deliver. Note that the areas of this project that failed were always entirely in my arena. I was the only one who dealt with negotiating shipping and fulfillment contracts, I handled all of the money and our finances etc... I owe a particular apology to Adam Duncan whom I had the audacity to yell at one day over his lack of productivity, a ludicrous thing to say considering his hundreds of pages of materials and writings that we used. So this is my plan for repayment. I will pay each backer $8 for the missing Out of Eden campaign. A price probably too low considering it was a motivating force for many to back this project; but I am trying to keep the debt feasible, and take into account the costs involved in the $45 Pledge Tier that was supposed to include this booklet, the core set as well as shipping. $4 for the reward packets as this was approximately the cost for those 13 cards, envelope etc.. Full refund on the undelivered Founders Codex and Compendiums which I believe were $10 and $12 respectively. I will pay back every backer $12 minimum, up to $34 (if they had the Founder's Codex and Compendiums ordered as well). I know there are many other expectations and items that were promised that are not being included in this reckoning; but these are the tangible items that I think were required as a minimum. Some of the other items were changed over development (for example the Magi's etiquette insert which was later absorbed into the codex pages, or the timer reward which proved infeasible early on and for which we made other allowances etc...) But I know not everything you were hoping for is represented in this math. The estimated total payback is $26,000. This will take me some time. I estimate several years. I will also create a system to help track this, confirm paypals etc... so please be patient (something I know you are all good at :)! I will begin with the highest ranks first such as the CAIN, the NAMES OF POWER, Speakers and Lines for Life. For the future of Serpent's Tongue I plan to pass the parts I own (many of the stories and graphics are owned by the volunteers) on to others who are interested and able to carry it forward. Bob Allen in particular remains passionate about this world you helped create and may be taking the IP over. The only roadblock on that front is the $17000 still owed to the fulfillment company for which they still hold the 2000 sets of Serpent's Tongue as collateral. They have given us until the end of May 2019 to pay the debt or have the inventory destroyed. Another reason why I chose this auspicious 7 year mark to send you this update. We are coming to the end. I do appreciate all of you taking this ride with me, and again, I am truly sorry I was not able to come through for you. Meeting up with fellow Magi on the streets and speaking the secret tongue was a wonderful dream! I hope it did not ruin the KickStarter experience for you, something that I think is to be treasured. Chris Gabrielson President UnBound Games Greetings Magi, We have not sent out a KickStarter update for quite a while - (we conduct all of our communications through the website these days) BUT this is a large enough of a milestone I thought it worth using good ol' KickStarter to update as many of you as possible. There are many new tools and features now available on the new website. This site launch also corresponds with our 'LIVE LAUNCH' to the public. While all of you have had your Core Sets and Archive Cases since last January - we have continued to develop, improve and tweak the game for the public. Here are some of the new features and developments - each image is a link to a different part of the Magi's Nexus. The Crucible Update Over the course of the past year we have revamped and simplified many of the rules of Serpent's Tongue, with the aim to improve accessibility and fun. The largest change being the implementation of the Optional Casting system and the 5th energy: Voice. We have a webpage dedicated to the Crucible Update and all changes are outlined in the new Magi's Handbook. Avak'Shar System Live You can finally utilize those codes found on all those black avak'shar cards you received and spend the resulting points on specific cards of your choice! There is a lot of information about the new Avak'Shar system available on the website and in the most recent updates. Note: bonus Avak'shar from stretch rewards, BGG voting, Contests and support issues will be supplied before the end of February. We want to continue to monitor the ASM's (AvakShar Market) stability and economy a while longer before dumping thousands of more Avak'Shar on all of you : ) KickStarter Dashboard We have created a page specifically to answer any KickStarter questions and timeline out the remaining KickStarter deliverables such as Out of Eden, the Founder's Codex and Compendiums. This is also where we will gather KickStarter backer stories. Factions &amp; Lore The first backer stories have been added to all artifacts, 9 new official short stories added to the faction pages, intel reports on every faction, a tome of lore covering the initial topics about the universe of Serpent's Tongue are now all live. The next step and priority is the mystery path system which will begin with your choosing a faction and attempting the trials to join it. The Magi's Handbook The Ultimate Guide and Walkthrough for Serpent's Tongue. Now available as a PDF, but we are printing up as many as we can to make available for all of you. I love this book. Its extensive, colorful and accurate. It contains revamped versions of the Walk-throughs, Assembly Instructions, Quick Start Rules, a Reference Manual, a Crucible Update section and a huge definitive Glossary. This manual trumps the rulebook found in the Core Set and represents the most updated version of the game. ST ARENA 2.0 BETA ITS FINISHED! James 'Sadonis' Wright's masterpiece is now being tested for bugs internally this week and we expect to launch this baby to the public next week. Built using the UnReal Engine, ST ARENA 2.0 offers a premium online virtual tabletop designed for playing Serpent's Tongue against anyone in the world. This functionality plays heavily into our plans for the Mystery Paths and Faction Quests. Faction Leaders will now be able to conduct trials for the newly initiated or adepts seeking entry into a faction, Magi Officiants will be able to conduct live tutorials for new players and observe sanctioned battles between Magi tasked to fight each other in the mission system. Improved Customer Service and Support System We have an all-in-one Q&amp;A, FAQ, Contact, and Ticket system now in place. Now all questions will be submitted in the same place and more team members will receive notifications of your questions and tickets and be able to respond faster than before. Gunnar our webmaster is still incorporating some widgets into your MyAccount page to track all of your questions this weekend. This has already dramatically improved the turn around time on support issues. If you have any outstanding support Issues we recommend submitting a ticket through this system. Click Here... International Inscription Pack Distribution We now offer Free Shipping on 4 Pack bundles of Inscription Packs to the USA and UK and dramatically reduced shipping everywhere else! This was important for us to figure out so that Magi can quickly and cheaply supplement their collections without having to invest into a full Master Archives Case. RoadMap Ahead: There is still much to do before we realize the full vision of Serpent's Tongue - in particular the community tools, mystery paths, faction quest system and more. i.e. now that the game is complete we will be focusing on building the interesting methods of connecting with it and other players. BEFORE that however, now that the Magi's Nexus is launched, all hands on deck will be put towards finishing the constantly changing Out of Eden campaign... Thank you again for all of your patience and support these past couple years! Greetings Magi of the Isles! The first batch of UK orders are shipping tomorrow morning! We are paypal invoicing all remaining orders starting now. But we have decided to forego the Drop Ship Pick Up system. We started to realize it was going to take a lot more time to complete, for a very marginal savings. More specifics here: <url>#14595486 Best regards Christopher Gabrielson Greetings Magi, Thank you once again for all your patience this year. (and last.) We delivered 80% of all orders of Serpent's Tongue on Christmas Eve or earlier. For those of you still expecting, thanks for staying strong. We have an Update for you on the Launch, the Components, and the Walkthrough Patch HERE: Happy Holidays! Enjoy learning Serpent's Tongue. Thanks for Everything! Christopher Gabrielson &amp; The UnBound Team Greetings Magi, We are still receiving address change questions and requests here. We are going to have Elite Fulfillment implement one last revised shipping spreadsheet tomorrow morning at 10 AM MST. If you are concerned about your current shipping address, or even if you are not it might be worth it to check the address we currently have on file for you at: <url>´s Tongue is a deep and dense game. But based off the feedback from those who have already received their set and industry reviewers, "the time spent learning it, is well worth it." We shifted the walkthrough to an online format, again to avoid a potentially long delay, but there´s an advantage in that the Walkthrough has become more of a ´living document´and is much better than it would have been. We are working on more types of walkthroughs as well, such as a purely solo one. Also the Out of Eden begins with a walkthrough. For now though, be sure to start your journey into Serpent´s Tongue with the online walkthrough! We are creating more instructional aids, new demo videos, a voiced over animated version of our primary walkthrough (and alternate walkthroughs), an interactive FAQ system online, and more. In the mean time, if you have any questions just post a question to us. We will be focused on answering any game-play questions throughout the holidays. What comes next? We have so much more to add to the world of Serpent´s Tongue. Our first priorities are, of course, to send out the missing accessories and the all important Out of Eden campaign. Following those we are prioritizing the Avak´Shar shopping cart (the code redemption system is ready however,) Cabal formations, and the Encounter Creation system which will allow you to create Encounters to share with the community. We will be continuing to create and publish online Encounters as well for you to challenge and post your results. This will create ongoing PVE content between adventure campaigns. Thank you once again for taking this journey with us. You really did make Serpent´s Tongue possible, we could NOT have done it without you. We appreciate you, and love this community. I look forward to hearing your comments, questions, adventures and more. Best regards, Christopher Gabrielson &amp; the UnBound Team PS: INTERNATIONAL MAGI Greetings Non USA Magi. Most of you are in the same boat as America, (other than some in person pickups and some pre-paid shipping orders in mainland Europe you are waiting for your orders and rewards to be shipped.) If you have been following the updates you know that our programmer savant, Artificer Jeremy ´Flare´ Scherer was working on a system in your myaccount page that would allow you to see your owed international shipping costs, pay them, or select a pickup location. Unfortunately Flare had to discontinue his work on this due to a medical emergency. He is currently in quite a bit of pain, and possibly largely due to his 60 hour weeks working on Serpent´s Tongue. (That doesn’t include his 40 hour normal job.) Get better Flare! We would NEVER have been able to make this game without him. So, Brian and I are taking over and going to do all of this manually. SO, STARTING with Mainland Europe, we are going to be sending you a paypal invoice in the next 12 hours. If you pay this, we will be notified and out your order will go in the next 24 hours. I am SUPPOSED to get tracking numbers from Ludopakt, although they have not delivered on that promise so far with our pre-paid shipping orders last week. But I will push them for tracking numbers. If you are willing to experience a slightly slower send-out then you have the option of going into your MyAccount page and selecting a pickup location. (Drop-point.) This will reduce your pick and pack and shipping costs, but not the Freight and Vat costs. We will allow 72 hours for people to select their drop points, reconfigure your totals and re-bill you. The more people that select a drop point the cheaper your share of Shipping will be. CANADA &amp; South AMERICA We will do the same with you in a few days, I am waiting on a few numbers from Elite, which I expect tomorrow. Once we have them we will provide the same instant pay, or drop point selection option. Delayed Areas UK, Norway, Sweden – we are sorry your orders are still on a slow-boat from China, but we will be doing the same billing process for those of you that have not paid as the boat approaches. You are the largest nexus of non-US Magi, and I apologize that your orders are the last to arrive! I don’t think you are going to be able to pickup your sets in London, Oslo or Stockholm before Christmas but possibly very shortly thereafter. AUSTRALIA &amp; ASIA – we are sorry, we had a set back with our Chinese fulfilment Center, we have a backup strategy in place, we just need to complete the agreement. We will keep you updated. We hope it will not be too much longer. So to summarize Today we are invoicing Mainland Europe. Then later this week we hope to invoice North and South America, and if we are lucky shortly thereafter Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific. UK will be invoiced and pickup locations can be confirmed as the boat gets closer. GenCon interview with BoardGameGeek Click HERE to View the Interview. Click Here to View the Demo! Above: Christopher &amp; Greg run some reps from ChicagoLand Games and Daria from Black Monk Games through a sample round of Serpent's Tongue. Sorry the sound is pretty rough! Fantasy Flight sits down to Demo Serpent's Tongue.. and Love it! Other notables were Dice Tower (who are creating a positive video review of Serpent's Tongue as we speak,) John Zinser, president of AEG said he was "quite impressed". Jordan Weisman (former FASA President and creator of Shadowrun and Mechwarrior) wished us well. Plus many other industry insiders came by to check out this strange new game. We were really honored by all the well wishes and compliments we received. KickStarter Backers to receive a GenCon Code &amp; Additional Reward Sets. GenCon visitors received a special glyph that gave them a hefty discount on any pre-orders. We are making these coupon codes available to you as well, because... well you are KickStarter backers and NO ONE gets a deal that you dont. So with less than 7 days left and just 200 Reward sets remaining if you have any friends that have been thinking of getting in, feel free to spread the secret knowledge. Also all KS backers that add onto their order during this last week will receive an additional KS Exclusive Reward Set! Here is the coupon code, it should be decoded as a single word rather than individual syllables. Steal yourself a good deal. Keep it Secret. Good luck. Lijia Ships GenCon Sets But, will they get there in time?! We think so, but its going to be close! Lijia lost power to their factory multiple times this week, (as did most of Ningbo), so they packaged up 30 kg of Serpent’s Tongue goodness with whatever they could. They had expected to have complete core-sets coming off the line this last week, but those were pushed up a few days. The cards and punch-boards (which had already been printed but were now waiting for a coating process) were literally not dry, the varnish coating was still setting, and so they may have imperfections, but at least we will have the bulk of the game to show! Codex Binders and Pages. Codex binders are looking great and we will have 40 of them at GenCon. Are these Codexes the finest game component in the entire world? Im not sure, but I suppose its possible. Thanks KS backers for helping us make what could be considered to be the highest component quality game ever. But the new Codex pages and POUCHES were delayed, they are sending those out tomorrow. Those are probably going to show up late so we will be making playtest pages to demo with the first couple days. These final pouches will be great to showcase, we got LUCKY on those. They turned out to be a tremendous, last minute improvement and solution to the old glued pockets which were falling off more than we liked. Your Codex and Codex pages will now be… oh… Id say 500% more durable? Maybe more. We knew we would get durability but we werent sure how ugly or off theme the solution would be. As it turns out it does not detract from the theme, and actually adds a certain attractiveness to the codex pages; I think just from the pouches being so high quality and professional looking. NEXT WEEK GENCON! Stay tuned to our world debut (Ropecon was our 'soft' debut') this week at GenCon. We will be posting images, articles and videos at becomemagi and on boardgamegeek. And of course if you are going, please come by our demo booth in the demo area, and check out your game! Christopher Gabrielson Greetings Magi, GM-Free, Story-based Role-playing! Out of Eden mechanics have progressed nicely and SHOULD ship with the rest of your orders! (Its being finished and printed in the United States while the base game travels on the boat.) There is still quite a bit of writing to do on this but I think we have created something that Serpent's Tongue can really build upon and that our players can continue to enjoy for years: a GM-FREE fully interactive, story-based Role-Playing Game. Some might call it the holy grail of the indy game industry. Im not saying Out of Eden is the Holy Grail, but it might have been the saucer to its teacup? Too many mixed metaphors? Well, regardless, there is an intro of the Serpents Tongue RPG system available on our site right now, that attempts to shakedown HOW it all works. CLICK HERE Kevin Wilson (Arkham Horror, Descent...) sits down for a late night game of Serpent's Tongue. (Jere Kasanen, Visual Director, right) Serpent's Tongue debuted at the Finnish Gaming Convention RopeCon. (pronounced Rop-a-con) the largest convention of the North Sea. Serpent's Tongue was a hit! (whew! Thank Eve. Christopher breathes out a long sigh of stress he did not realize he was holding.) Jere's tables were full for 14 hours a day usually with a waiting list. and he performed over 300 live player demos. RopeCon visitors returned again and again to play another feature. "I tried 1v1 but I want to go against the Encounter card now..." We will have video of the action uploaded soon. I am still requesting a direct quote from Kevin Wilson, but Jere says he really enjoyed the game and was amazed at how utterly unique it was. He said he was able to learn it in ten minutes. Woot! We began our new marketing campaign at BoardGameGeek ! Check out our ads and win 500 Avak'Shar ranks today! (This is enough for many card unlocks even with the inflation of KickStarter Avak'Shar rewards all getting boosted.) Its (relatively) EASY: Visit our page on BoardGameGeek here. Refresh or look around until you find our ads. Then send us an email with answers to the following questions to:: <email> / Subject Line: BGG CONTEST Send us the answers to the following questions: What do Mages do it with? _____________ What specializations are showcased to the public? (actually introduced not just flashed on a card.) _____________________ Where are the Magi? __________________ Greetings Magi, We received Print Press versions of the majority of our components this week from Lijia. Here are a couple videos of Christopher Gabrielson opening the Core Set, showcasing the Archive Case, and explaining some interesting Core vs Inscription balance decisions and more! Opening the Core Set Missing from this set are Spinner Grommets and Focus Gems. Christopher also talks about the shift to punchboards, the 101 uses of the 6 ring binder and more. <url>“ Store” and then “My Account” to see your reward summary and shipping address. If everything looks like you expect, you’re set! If your address is wrong, you can correct it quickly and easily on the site. If your rewards are wrong, please email <email>. If you ALREADY created an account at BecomeMagi with an email DIFFERENT than the one you used on KickStarter, then please send us BOTH of the email addresses you used and we will merge your data. Email us that information at <email> Why the MyAccount page at BecomeMagi? We needed to use our own system for tracking your orders because it is much more sophisticated than the Kickstarter survey program, and will allow us to integrate directly with our fulfillment partner. It will also be used to track your online ranks, badges and eventually Avak'Shar levels. Online Rulebook Now Available Click here or on the image above to view an online flipbook of the final Serpent's Tongue Rulebook. (Okay this particular edition is a couple versions old as we made some last minute grammar edits before sending to China.) Community Liaison appointed. Lets face it, we may have been, arguably, prolific in our communication but not very consistent this past year. Master Borso has volunteered to be your liaison to UnBound Games during the final stretch, hopefully providing almost daily information to you every step of the way as we bring this project home. He has already begun listening in to the bulk of our non-stop communication and disseminating inside information to the backer community. He will be posting at BecomeMagi, Facebook and Google+. I will link his updates on our KickStarter comments. Click on our update tab to get caught up HERE. Thank you Master Borso! Much more to come. We have a lot to show you and tell you over the next two weeks. Like revealing our Sacred Sites expansion, the first product photos hot off the presses, or the PVE system finally explained and showcased and much more. Although we lament that it has taken so long, we are very excited to finally be here! We look forward to sharing the remaining steps with you. Christopher Gabrielson <url>#22 on becomemagi.com/updates So you might be getting duplicates of these, but we want to make sure everyone gets the updates. First lets talk a little about Language Escalation There are several options for language escalation in Serpent’s Tongue; this is the intermediate difficulty setting. Also shown are some new potential design concepts; notice the color changing scrollwork from one level to the next. Read More –&gt; The Flare Card Generator is seeing a lot of action, and we have accepted 4 backer created cards as official cards. Hunter Cain, Magus Yancey developed the most popular cards this week. Magus Yancey is on a streak. Read More --- &gt; Orthography has been introduced into the Incantations of Serpents Tongue. Look for a full primer to the script of the Magi coming soon, check out a sneak peak here---&gt; And as always if you have any questions, ideas, or concerns just send us a message! Thanks for your support! The Sons of Gabriel Top Ranked Founder Designs These Cards are the highest ranked at the end of the first week of the Flare Card Nexus. They will be made official for now for our playtesting. Borrowed Life designed by Beeromancer Usten MacDuff (7 votes) - The turn yourself into a zombie spell! A Ward Incantation that literally wards off death for a few turns, buying the Magi a little more time to complete their mission. Fireball designed by ManaWind (6 Votes) The classic spell re-tooled for Serpents Tongue. Fireball has an optional global detonate of Forces dmg. Mark of Cain designed by Hunter Cain (6 Votes) The first Will Generation Incantation in the game. By Invoking a Healing Injunction on themself the Magi can gain 1 Will per turn. 3.0 Specializations Revised The starting 5 Specializations have now been updated for the current card set. To find out more information about specializations click here. Up to 24 Specializations will be released at launch! Soon you will be able to design your own Specializations with the Flare Card Nexus. Nam Shub Sneak Peek. Announcing the multi-card system for Nam Shubs. Magi will often have to gather and cast a Set of Nam Shub cards in order to activate their final effects. Some Nam Shubs will have multiple possible endings, allowing them to adjust the final effect as the match progresses. Preliminary Nam Shub stages will also inflict game wide effects! So as the Magi rewrites the universe, players will begin to feel the effects long before it is complete. What's in YOUR Codex? The Flare Card Nexus now has the capacity for you to save lists. Using the list manager you can View Official Codices and your own. You can share a link to YOUR lists by clicking Print List and copying its link!Start building the ultimate Codex at www.MagisNexus.com Encounter Cards coming this week! Some practice encounter cards will be released this week so the lone wolf Magi out there can try their hand and test their Codices. The ability to create your OWN Encounter cards will be added to the Flare Card Nexus soon! The Next Stage of the Battle Begins.... You are about to access a powerful tool, an artifact like none other, created by Master Artificer Flare. With it you will be able to access all incantations, provide fixes, comments, and votes, and even create your own incantations. YOUR changes and creations will be linked to your BecomeMagi account and if they make it into the final game you will receive Designer Credits online and on the Card itself as well as other prizes. Access the Flare Card Creation Tool Here Access the 3.0 Rulebook Here Access 3.0 starting specializations Here Some of your cards will require new Artwork. We have an extensive art procurement system that is still rolling along but we could use YOUR help to find more. Send us links to artwork you think would work for your cards or others and we will attempt to procure it. Diabolis Golemgineer Flare for his invaluable and tire-less work in creating the Flare Card Creation Tool. Jason ‘Blake’ Carter for developing multiple aspects of 3.0 but in particular the current Rulebook. Jere ‘The Cinaen’ Kasanen for graphic design work, Iconography and Concept layouts. Greg “Lahzarel” Krywusha also for graphic design work, Iconography and Concept layouts. Apocryphal Lore for continued Writing, Research and A.I. oversight. Advisor Khan for continued development of the Initiates Guide to the Metaphsysics of Magick. We can not thank these contributors enough! Key Changes Here are some of the key changes to review in the Rulebook: Turn order . Turn order is now much more simultaneous with a group Spell Selection phase, followed by a round of maintenance phases and THEN alternating Action Phases. Ritual Paths . Cards no longer ‘level up’ when ritualized but rather gain specific empowerments. You can purchase these tiers along an Incantation’s Ritual Path by spending Will, Harmony or an Action. A lglossary of these Empowerments is listed in the back of the Rulebook and will be included in your codex. Enhancement Slots . You have a maximum of FOUR Enhancement slots which includes your Specialization and Artifact. This limits which Enhancements you can have active at any given time. Some specializations allow you to exceed this limit. Area Enhancements only count toward the main bearer’s slots. Spell Selection . Magi now select their intended spells simultaneously, choosing two and placing them in the front of their codex during the Spell Selection phase. This creates much faster gameflow and dramatically reduces decision paralysis. Response cards can be played whether they were pre-selected or not. Double Actions . Magi now have two actions during their Action Phase which will usually equate to TWO spell casts per round. These Actions are taken in alternating order. Enjoy learning PT 3.0! This is now a dynamic system so we can adjust cards, add refinement levels, and improve graphics on the fly. So we will be expanding and improving this system, the card sets, specializations and much more over the next couple weeks. – CG A new wallpaper for you. Discord Rush! Created by Matteo De Almasy. Download the full size here . Who are these Gods you say we are destined to become Master? What exactly ARE Gods? In short, they are Beings without limits. And how would you propose to breed a Being without limits? Would you test their ability to submit to restraints? Like your old teachers demanded. Like the world demands? Or do you give them the opportunity to transcend all limitations, known or imagined? - conversations with Master Ekuli This will be a Short update: We are working on finishing up the PT 3.0 for you. The cards are done! We are revising rules to match the most recent changes, and publishing a short strategy guide on the different spheres and specializations. The Flare User Creation tool is fantastic in its functionality! The cards generated by it are not particularly pretty yet but thats okay for now, because its so dang functional. You will be able to view and sort all the different cards, make comments, copy cards, create errata for cards and generate entirely new cards! You will be able to vote up or down on other cards, including ours. If your card or card corrections make it into the final game then YOU will receive designer credit on the CARD itself. The user creation tool will not currently allow for Art uploads but that function is coming soon! We hope to have it all out to you by the end of the weekend but if it goes to Monday or Tuesday dont be frustrated. This was a fairly long and intense process for everyone involved but should catapult our production schedule into turbo speed once it is launched. As you know we were ramping up the game intensity and decreasing the match time length by adding in extra actions each round. It required extensive reworking of rules and card balance but Serpent’s Tongue now gives 2 Actions to a Magi each Cast Phase. This was the setting that allowed for much more balance than the 3 Action version but still dramatically speeds up the game flow while making it more exciting and satisfying. After PT 3.0 Launches we will be conducting a series of Design Contests for Rules, Wording, Glossary Terms, Art, Specializations and other aspects of the game. Most of the rewards will result in Swag. Designer Credit, Custom Cards and more. These contests will be announed on the front page of the Website so keep an eye out for them! Back to work. - C G Greetings Magi, - This is an update that when out on August 4th on becomemagi.com - Sorry that it was not posted here till now. New Concepts Layouts by Greg "Lahzarel" Krywusha &amp; Jere "The Cinaen" Kasanen Founders Step Up: As you can see in the images above we have received some amazing concept layout designs from Founders come Designers Greg Krywusha and Jere Kasanen, who have been key supporters this past month in the development process. They along with Jason “Blake” Carter, Jeremy “Flare” Scherer and Apocryphal Lore will be added to the Team Page of Serpents Tongue this week with descriptions of their invaluable contribution. Feel free to post your comments, reactions and thoughts to these layouts in the forums. They have spent a lot of time exploring different possible elements, from UI structure itself to the Serpent’s Key, to general theme and more. We will continue to explore and vote on these layouts for the next 3 weeks at which time we will look for feedback from the community to pull a collective trigger on the final to send to Manufacturing. Playtest 3.0 (Cough 3.5) The In-House Playtesting team is just too good in identifying core improvements to gameplay. They are relentless; with Aaron Gabrielson as the ring leader in challenging all my hard work over the past 2 years. But if an idea shows true potential to dramatically improve the gameplay then we are guided by our vision statement to run a test on it. As we were packaging 3.0 for release this weekend they proffered one last jab. There is Player Time and there is Magi time. The team knows I get annoyed whenever ST’s pace becomes plodding, and thus are always experimenting with ‘streamlining’ strategies. We identified two key aspects of ST’s flow we were always peripherally aware of but had not completely segregated before. There is Player Time and there is Magi time. Player time is fun in more of a satisfying take-care-of-business way; i.e gathering and spending Resonance and making choices like whether to buy that Spec upgrade this round, whether to deactivate your force field or not and should you foregoe the Essence cost of your Adrenaline Overload but lose the extra action. Magi time is the part where spells have been selected, all the maintenance has been performed, chips have been counted and Players start actually going at it. Magi time is a blast. We want more Magi time, less maintenance time. So after running some tests (and we are running more today) we have unaminously agreed that more actions each turn per Magi is a fantastic improvement. Now we just need to double check whether its 2 or 3 actions; and if 3 how much card reworking will be required to balance it. (It could upset some balance in cards that require components, reagents or pre-requisite spells.) The reason why this mechanic works so well for us is that it helps capture the fast back and forth feel of intense magickal combat that Serpent’s Tongue has always tried to simulate. With this change Players now get all set up then there is a Flurry of spell casting, in alternating turns, cast cast cast cast cast cast. The maintenance for all 4-6 casts are grouped together thus increasing the ratio of Casting to Maintenance. But other than that, PT 3.0 is mostly ready, and we expect to release it later this week. The User Card Design and Feedback Tool will be ready to launch as well! We will hold a web-based Assembly of Magi with 100 Founders (first come – first serve) when we launch in order to showcase this new tool. This meeting will be recorded and posted on the website. We will cover any question posted in the Forum Thread: <url>’s Tongue. As Magi build Harmony they experience spontaneous healing, faster reaction times, influx of Will and other benefits as they expand into the perfectly tuned symphony of creation. As Magi lose Harmony in themselves and the world around them, they eventually enter into a state of Discordance. While in Discord they run the risk of shattering their body, their minds and eventually their soul, (incapactiating them and removing them from the match). There is an extensive description of the processes known as Harmony and Discord by Apocryphal Lore at <url>’s codex after casting) and many more. In order to progress along a ritual path a Magi may invest Actions, or Will, or Harmony. Discord Rushing Is the term used when a Magi foregoes caution and Invests Harmony into a Ritual for an immediate empowerment. It cranks up the power of the incantation dramatically but can also lead to the shattering of their body mind and soul. How far will you push it? What I like about this mechanic is it adds a bit of a gamble to the gameplay. While many have voiced opinions about the efficacy of anything random being in ST, gambling with energies barely within one’s control is part of the journey of Magi in the world of Serpent’s Tongue. And its really fun. Next Week’s Wallpaper Sneak Peek: A Magi Discord Rushing – by Matteo De Almasy Update #17 Including a new Serpents Tongue Wallpaper by Matteo De Almasy. Email not displaying correctly? A new wallpaper, Drawing of the Flame , for you. Created by Matteo De Almasy. Download the full size here . Download the alternate border here . Greetings Magi, Survey Responses 70% complete. The first survey that was sent out to KickStarter backers has a 90% open rate and a 70% completion rate, in one week. Pretty good! We will be sending out reminders to everyone we are still missing next week. This first survey was just to identify core information. There will be 1-2 followup surveys depending on your responses and pledge level. Legacy Founders will be given a survey as well but in order to keep Brian's database nice and clean we needed to send these surveys in multiple steps. Brian is OCD about his database and he has a very precise plan. So if you are a KickStarter backer and have not received the survey yet check your spam folder, and if necessary email MagiSupport@Unbound-Games.com . If you are a Legacy Founder, dont worry about it, your survey will come later. Communication and Magi Support. We will continue to strive to achieve greater transparency and communication with all of you. Its important to us, to the game, and to build a tight Serpent's Tongue community. If you ever have any questions, comments, or suggestions: First check out our Q&amp;A section on the website. We have someone dedicated to this full-time and all of your questions should be answered within 24 hours or so. Q&amp;A Link Send us a question directly on the Contact Us page of the website. Contact Link. Send us an email directly to MagiSupport@Unbound-Games.com . Brian is on this and you will usually get a very quick response. Updates: In addition to the much appreciated Backer created updates, our official Updates will be going out every Friday (or earlier if there is going to be a schedule conflict like last week : ) They will be coming through THIS email system because I think it looks cooler. They will also be posted on the website at: Updates. Meet the Developers Open Forum: We will be setting up a live webcam meeting with the development team after the PT 3.0 is released to field questions and introduce and showcase the user card creation tool. This sytem will allow us to give a video demonstration of the tool, and a chance to sit down and talk with all of you face to face . Development: PT 3.0 and the User Card Creation Tool. We draw inexorably towards Playtest 3.0 - it does look like we will have SOME sort of User Design, Review and Voting tool operational near that time as well! This will allow you to not just voice your critiques but also redesign the cards in question, explain why you did so, and let others review your masterpiece and vote on it as well! Exciting stuff and we are really looking forward to your help in this (semi) final stage of development. While we finish up all the other loose ends in design, marketing, production, manufacturing, art, adventure campaigns and everything else, YOU can be perfecting the game. - C G BTW: There is a lot of activity and community input occuring at www.BecomeMagi.com , if you have not registered yet consider signing up. Greetings Magi, We will be sending you the first of two surveys this week. We will be sending this through a third-party survey system which integrates with our database more efficiently and functionality so keep a look out for it. We will actually be moving away from the KickStarter update system over the next few weeks. The reason for this is we have Founders and Legacy Founders that have initiated into the world of Serpent's Tongue. Our own in-house communication tools reach everyone, while the KS updates do not. (Plus ours look cooler.) Survey Contents This first survey just gets down to brass tacks and confirms what and how much you pre-ordered and where to send it. It will also cover questions like whether you upgraded your order on Paypal or not, and what email address you used. The second survey will be more interesting as it ascertains WHO you will be in the world of Serpent's Tongue, what kind of lives you have lived before, what motivates you as a Magi and who you tend to associate with. These are the details that we will use to incorporate you into the source books and adventure campaigns. This second survey will probably wait until Playtest 3.0 is released. User Design Tool We hope to have have the User Design Tool finished around the time of PlayTest 3.0 so that it will be in-place for you to critique and re-design to your heart's content. It wont be pretty yet - but looks can come later. Specializations There will be a grouping of new specializations for 3.0. The older specializations will remain but this grouping will serve to test the sphere-centric gameplay of Serpent's Tongue better. What these specializations are and what they do will continue to be released through the Roleplay group's thread for now. <url>"Going Great" We have seen a lot of changes and profound improvements to Serpent's Tongue made this week already. These new team members are rockstars! I was right when I said in my last youtube video that the game was going to improve in ways we had not even thought of yet. Our new authors, creative team members, conlangers, artists and graphics specialists are synergizing with each other wonderfully. Im really excited about the greater level of integration of these components in the gameplay and story of the world. We will keep you updated; and start releasing some of these specific changes soon. Christopher Gabrielson Lead Designer Greetings Again Founders! The last two days have had more meetings than I ever thought possible. The teams, with their new members, are really coming into alignment. I am excited to improve this game with all this talent. Many of you have missed out on adding a Founder's Codex or additional pledge rewards. Some of our watcher's missed out on becoming backers. So we are opening up the Ordo Principium for 48 more hours. After which time the INTERIM will begin, and any new backers will become Legacy Founders. These new backers will enjoy any additional stretch rewards along with you. This link will take you to an instructions page showcasing how upgrades or additional reward levels can be obtained for the next 48 hours. <url>#1 BOARDGAMEGEEK Hotness. I had really hoped to make the illustrious list of BGG's hotness before the campaign ended. We do NOT want you to spam the site, Im serious. But if you have NOT already visited our BGG page, then your visit will bring us a bit closer to making the grade. <url>#2 Seeking the Sacred Sites: Game Center Contacts. We have a page under development that speaks directly to the crucial game centers that we hope to bring into the Serpent's Tongue community, These are the Sacred Sites where cooperative challenges, PVP battles and Missions will be enacted. We want to communicate the synergistic advantages for hosting Serpent's Tongue events, and this link will be a great page to send to YOUR local game center. <url>#3 And of course if you have not hit up our FaceBook page yet, we invite you to visit, like us, and share our kickstarter video. <url>#8 coming tomorrow! New pledge tiers, Stretch Reward Refinements and THE POST CAMPAIGN REWARDS. Wow we did it! YOU did it. And we keep on rolling with 6 days left on the campaign! I am excited to see how many founders we have at the end of the campaign.The number of Founders is the most important digit for me now personally. The larger community we launch with, the more seeds we will have sown throughout the world to grow a full fledged gaming phenomenon; which is our ultimate goal. It is important to us that YOU have many other Magi to experience Serpent's Tongue with, online and in-person. We are delayed on our $100k and $120k Stretch Rewards. Sorry. This is due to them being so intertwined with international shipping. Because these extra rewards involve heavier items that are exclusive only to Founders, rather than intrinsic upgrades to every Core Set, they must either be packaged at the end here in the US (thus causing massive shipping fees to Europe and Asia) or put together at fulfillment centers in the UK and Hong Kong. Because these fulfillment center negotiations have been so very very lengthy &amp; unresolved, we are holding back for another day before we confirm these rewards. But, one of them is an awesome custom upgraded Codex for Founders. There, I revealed it, I couldn't help myself. This is not a stretch reward per se but rather an important achievement for the game, its players and designers. At this level we should be able to order more than 3000 copies of the game. The slightly reduced pricing will allow us to have extra copies of the game. What will we do with those extra copies? Sell them? Maybe some of them, but first we will use them to enhance the Serpent's Tongue community with the following: A free core set of Serpent's Tongue to every single Game Center and Board Game reviewer in America. ( International Centers later.) You are the ones that are making this possible, so in a sense it is the Founder's who are sending a Core Set to these strategically important locations and personages. (Game Centers are defined as Game Stores that have seating for game-play and tournament events.) I believe this will have a very powerful &amp; direct impact on YOUR gaming experience, possibly more so than any specific component upgrade. There is an alleged request from a dealer of archaeological artifacts requesting help from our linguists and the ST community. Apparently rewards are being offered. Check out the proposal here: There are rumors of legends circulating throughout the community. These are allegedly more truthful versions or translations of familiar tales. Ones that reveal the presence of Magi throughout history. Founders are invited to find these scraps of knowledge and quietly report them to the interested party at once for rewards. Find out more here. Arcane Ansible : There is a global chat setting now on the website which has already been rather interesting today. The developers are keeping tabs on this ongoing discussion and jumping in when we can. The Scrying Pool: You can now see a roster of all active Magi on the website and where they are at in the world. Soon you will be able to locate all Magi everywhere, whether they are online or not. There are a few questions that are very frequent, we would like to address them here. Also check out our dynamic Q&amp;A section of the website HERE. Can I increase my pledge to include more reward levels? YES. Just increase your pledge by the right amount to cover the extra reward. You will be ranked by your highest reward. We will identify your extra rewards through the post campaign survey. What are the international shipping rates, how much should I increase my pledge to cover them? International shipping rates are only feasible for most international backers if they are joining up with others. They should all pledge separately then we will combine their order and ship to one address, which can cut costs by a third. See our Group Shipping Rates page for more info. Do not increase your pledge by the estimated shipping rates. We will bill for international shipping later through paypal, this will give us a more exact figure of international backers, as well as give us more time to hammer out more beneficial rates. We are trying to organize fulfillment centers in Hong Kong and Europe that will out do these rates. The problem is most centers want 500 to a 1000 units minimum. Brian continues to press this option home. What are our ranks if we order as a Cabal? The total amount is divided by members to determine ranks. Or if one person is pledging 85 and someone else 45 but combining their two orders into one for whatever reason, then they would be Magi and Adept respectively. Except for Eternal Fonts. The first 5 members of an Eternal font are All Eternals. Update # 7 scheduled for tomorrow! Finalized Stretch Rewards, New Pledge Tiers, info on the Post-Campaign World &amp; more. We reached a major milestone when our supportive Founders brought us past the $60,000 stretch reward! We have added new updates, improvements, stretch rewards and new pledge levels: Founders Sigil - The lapel pin of rank denoting you as a Founder of Serpents Tongue. This will only be available to you Founder's. Other pins will be developed over time, but no one else will gain access to this brass cloissone. Final Art Upgrades - Approximately 14 more beautiful pieces, which will complete the artistic over-haul of the game we have wanted. Signed Codex Upgrades - All US &amp; Canadian backers will receive Signed Codices for all levels above Awakened. International Founders will either receive Signed Codices OR enjoy more affordable shipping from drop ship points in Europe and Asia. All Apprentices and above will receive all previously announced KickStarter exclusive bonus cards. This includes all four original KS Specializations &amp; Artifacts, as well as the Eve Speaker specialization, and the two stretch reward artifacts: Dee's Pentahedron, and the Shroud of Nimith, Master level Founders and above will receive an obscure Master exclusive card, TBA. &amp; possibly more. After laborious effort and THREE website overhauls - Gunnar, web adept, has created the Serpents Tongue Community Forums. They look great Gunnar, good job! He will continue to build more functionality into the forums like forming Cabals, this week. We hope you all stop by and register. We have a custom field for you to enter your rank, for now, until Gunnar implements a Founder level tracking plugin. FORUMS LINK. We have added 2 new pledge levels : the Magi Officiant ($125) and Inscriber ($495). The Inscriber is a Speaker level rank who's name, background story and unique symbology is worked into the Codex itself. They are powerful Magi, Casters, Researchers and Mentors that encode Codices to contain Incantations, and impart their wisdom for the Magi of future centuries, who sometimes turn out to be themselves **We are also adding a single LINE FOR LIFE to the SACRED FONT pledge level. A community interactive FAQ is now live on the new website. We have imported many key questions but now you can post your own questions that can be answered by the development team as well as the community. FAQ LINK Remaining Updates: Web revision. Its a brand new website that can take us all the way to launch and beyond. Content is still being transferred and updated. Sneak Peek Gameplay Video: 3 turn gameplay explanation with Brian Gabrielson introducing the walk through to new players. VIDEO LINK Ordo Principium page has been revised and will allow for faster updating (within 24 hours) Rewards Page and Chart has been revised and is currently being updated. Thank you for all the great support. We are really falling in love with this community. Christopher Gabrielson Greetings! First we want to extend our appreciation to all of you who have helped so much in supporting us through our first Stretch Reward. We have some new content, links and announcements to make as we go into our last THREE WEEKS of our Kickstarter Campaign. We would like to introduce our first Eternal Font Level Backers who have really gone the extra level to jump in with Serpent's Tongue: Speaker of the Eternal Font Jake Englund The Eternal Cabal of Mikha'el (working title) including Hannah, Lily, Elbret, Michael and John. Rules. This page outlines the comprehensive version of the rules of Serpent's Tongue. Product Vision Statement. This is the document that set us on our course. Future Plans. Take a look at the top three goals we have for post launch. New Reward Tiers: We have included new reward tiers allowing more Line for Life options. Speaker Legacy, Sacred Font, and Eternal Font. These levels of backing represent a true investment in the world of Serpent's Tongue for Magi that really want to see this game come to life. We think of them as true partners and we are happy to have them reap the rewards over the coming years with full sets of everything! Digital Casting Timer. This reward upgrades all game sets from sand timers to this custom engineered, 'one-button-push', 30 sec / 15 sec timer with an audible alarm. (Yes it had to be custom engineered... who would've thought?) The gameplay implications are huge - through play-testing a digital alarm added 4 X the suspense and urgency to casting, and makes Serpent's Tongue much more mobile. Bonus KickStarter Unique Artifact - Dee's Pentahedron. This artifact has a simple activation cost, but Disrupts Focus as if it was a very high level incantation. Its only drawback is that it Disrupts Focus globally - so it affects allies as well as opponents. (And you) 20 Bonus Avak'Shar Ranks. (Average equivalent to 8 Inscription Packs) 16 Gorgeous Art Upgrades to the game. We are salivating over these pieces that we are arranging licensing for. We also want to thank all of the Adepts, Magi, and Masters who re-attuned themselves to the level of Legacy Speaker. We will have the Ordo Principium re-updated this week, (a faster auto-update feature will be included soon.) We could use your help for these last three weeks, so if you haven't visited us on Facebook yet, feel free to give us a LIKE or even better a share of our Main Video. <url>#2 Avak'Shar page published. Find out more about the Avak'Shar ranking system which allows Magi to obtain specific cards and unlock incantations trees. More ---&gt; Greetings Magi! All of you Backers have gotten us a sweet spot as a Staff Pick on Kickstarter! <url>