This update will be quick - much like a new version of Space Monkey. We are currently rolling out an update to the storage system on Space Monkey devices that performs 400% faster than before for most workloads. Almost half of current Space Monkey customers now have the faster version. We expect to push the update to the remainder of our customers by the end of the week. For more details, see our blog . Also coming soon: local protocol support (DLNA/SMB), sharing features including shared folders for collaboration, multi-accounts per device, and free accounts. International Delivery Update Manufacturing for all International Kickstarter backers is complete. These devices are CE compliant. We are still on track for the delivery schedule mentioned in Update #16 . We know you've been waiting patiently, and thank you. Your initial experience with the service will benefit from the improvements we've already made, and from the testing of our US-based Kickstarter backers. Delivery to Canada and Mexico began weeks ago, and is still in progress. These orders should complete soon. Thanks as always for being a pioneering part of the largest cooperative storage network ever deployed! Team Space Monkey Software Update We've recently made great progress on one of the features most requested by our fantastic Kickstarter backers: direct device access via SMB and DLNA. Below are pictures of movies being accessed directly from a Space Monkey device by a Sony Bluray player, using DLNA. SMB and DLNA support will allow you to not only access and store data from most common operating systems when on the same local network as the device without using the Space Monkey client (including many smart TVs and media center devices), but also will allow you to do things like point popular backup software at Space Monkey. These features need a little bit more work before release, but we wanted to give you a sneak peek. When ready, your devices will automatically update with this capability. The work we are doing here will also allow us to add support for other local protocols such as AFP, NFS, et. al. Progress continues on multi-user accounts, shared folders, and free accounts. These features will begin rolling out to users over the next few months. Performance Update We've recently deployed enhancements to devices that have resulted in modest improvement in speed of transfer both to and off of the device. But we're not done. Internally, we have some major changes that are already experimentally showing 10x faster transfer rates than the present system, both for large files and batches of small files. When this work is complete, Space Monkey performance will be comparable to network-attached storage devices ("NAS" or "Network Drives") when on the same local network. Stability Update Progress on the desktop clients marches forward, with leaps in stability and reliability taking center stage. Performance has also been a focus here. You should expect to continue to see things getting better every week. International Delivery Has Begun We have begun shipping outside of the United States, first to Canada and soon Mexico. Other locales will soon follow. For more detail, read on. International Delivery Timetable It’s been a fantastic journey since our initial launch on Kickstarter in April of last year. We were thrilled by the excitement that Space Monkey generated and were humbled by the international interest in our product. It’s been very busy here at Space Monkey HQ since then as we have worked tirelessly on a number of important matters that are critical to success. What Have We Achieved? Shortly after our Kickstarter campaign ended we manufactured and tested a small batch of devices. We streamlined the supply chain and manufacturing process. We wanted the out-of-box experience for our customers to be a positive one. Changes were made to both hardware and software as needed and we planned for our first major manufacturing run. Our first major run in September helped us navigate through numerous twists and turns. National holidays in China and a busy shipping period leading up to Christmas and long lead times on key components were just a few challenges we faced. A learning experience for all, but we were able to assemble a strong team of partners. This run was very important. There is a big difference between manufacturing a couple hundred devices and manufacturing a few thousand devices. We took delivery of this first major batch of devices in early November. The next significant milestone was adding stress to the Space Monkey network. We were satisfied with the general performance of the devices themselves based on the ongoing alpha testing, but we wanted to grow the network size in a controlled manner to ensure a positive experience for our customers as the system scaled. We released devices in batches to US customers over the next two months. We watched the network grow as devices were coming online every day. It was exciting to see the online count of devices increase as backers plugged in their devices. These initial customers gave us very valuable feedback as they put their devices through very real world use. The engineers put in many long days and nights squashing bugs, improving performance and giving tireless support to new excited users. We fulfilled US orders first so that we could perform quick turnaround on problematic devices should they need to be shipped back to us. We have been pleased with what we have found so far and are confident that once devices are shipped internationally that these devices will perform as expected. Both FCC and CE testing were started before the end of the Kickstarter campaign, and a portion of the devices in this first manufacturing run were earmarked to be shipped Internationally once CE testing was complete. With the holidays in full swing, getting test time with the certifying bodies was difficult, but our hardware team came through and found us a spot. Testing went very smoothly and our final score was excellent, but we needed to make a change to the PCB to be given the final approval. This change, although a relatively small issue, could not be made on existing devices. The change needed to be done when the PCBs were manufactured. We had a small manufacturing run scheduled at around this time but our manufacturing partners were not able to complete the necessary tooling in time to modify the boards already in production. That unfortunately meant that we needed to push the board change out to our next manufacturing run in February 2014. Where Are We Now? Our manufacturing team in China completed the board change and have completed a batch of PCBs that are not only FCC compliant but CE compliant as well. These boards are ready to be assembled into the devices. The remaining components necessary to complete the manufacturing process have been ordered and we expect delivery of these components at the factory within the next three weeks. These units are destined for the United Kingdom and European markets. When Will We Deliver to Backers in the UK, Europe, and beyond? The CE compliant devices are in process of manufacture. We expect this run to be completed by the end of March. Our shipping team will then handle the logistics of shipping the containers carrying these devices by ocean freight to our warehouse in London. We expect this process to take at least six weeks before the devices have been received in the warehouse and are ready for shipping to individual customers. Our roll out in the US taught us the value of having controlled shipping releases. Our shipping team are very good at what they do, but with very high volumes at once, the risk of errors increases and we want our customers to get the device they ordered. We expect to take about four weeks to distribute these devices. That puts us at a target of around mid-June to fulfill United Kingdom and European Kickstarter orders. Other countries outside of Europe should start to see units soon thereafter. Could We Have Done Anything Differently? We think the answer to this question is always a resounding “yes.” That is why Space Monkey exists. We looked at the current state of cloud storage with the huge inefficiencies of data center infrastructure, decided things could be done differently, and Space Monkey was born. We're all about learning from past mistakes, including our own. Over the last twelve months, we have worked hard on realizing the Space Monkey vision. There are many moving parts to a project that fundamentally changes the way the world stores and accesses data. We sought advice from seasoned startup entrepreneurs, we researched and we tried new and different things. We failed many times, but we have learned from each and every failure and have built a product that not only works but is in fact changing the world. As we look back, we recognize key points where we slowed ourselves down. But that learning was critical. We are satisfied that making some mistakes early in the process is less costly than making them late in the process. What Does the Future Hold for Us? We believe that what we are doing now is just the tip of the iceberg. Creating a presence around the globe is a mammoth task and the logistics of doing so are not for the faint hearted. We have a number of potential partners that are excited about what we are doing and have expressed an interest in getting involved. We continue to grow and the next twelve months will be very exciting. Further Updates We will continue to update backers on progress and changes as soon as reasonably possible over the next few months. We have not and will not deliberately withhold important information. Backers are always welcome to reach out to us through <email> and we will address individual concerns without delay. Our Kickstarter backers are important to us and we are doing what we can to ensure that we meet our obligations to you. Thank you for believing in what we are doing, and for your patience and continued support. Sincerely, The Space Monkey Team Space Monkey was recently reviewed by the Wall Street Journal , which called it " The Choice for Digital Storage. " Expect to see more reviews in your favorite publications soon. Here are some highlights of things we've finished since the last software update, and things we're expecting to be done soon: Direct import from desktop Some of you have noticed that using the desktop clients to dump a large amount of data all at once can temporarily eat local disk space, which then triggers a condition where uploads slow down. This happens because we use a local cache to stage files before they are pushed to the device. In regular usage where a few files are added at a time, this scheme significantly improves performance. In the case where more files are being added than can fit in the local cache, however, this doesn't help; it uses more disk space than necessary, and slows things down. We've taken the first step to address this problem -- and to make it easier to get things into Space Monkey without having to drag-n-drop them -- by adding a right-click item for folders and files. No matter where files reside on your filesystem, you can right-click on them and "Import to Space Monkey" (see screenshots below). Using this feature skips the local cache, which means syncing to the device can occur faster and your local free disk space is preserved. However, since syncing to the device happens without the cache via this method, it does usually result in a copy dialog. This feature is available in the latest Windows and OSX clients today. This is a first step. We have more work to do. In the future, we are exploring ways to automatically determine if files should go into the local cache first or straight to the device based on some internal heuristics, without users needing to remember two different methods for getting them into Space Monkey. Both methods (dragging and right-click) are here to stay -- how they work under the hood will continue to evolve. Performance Which brings us to performance. We are currently clocking speeds of up to 10mbps from clients to device when on the same local network. Most traditional cloud services range in speeds from 250kbps to 1+mbps, so we are 10x to 40x faster than these services today. However, we're not done. There are usage scenarios that cause our performance to drop significantly from the maximums we know the system is capable of, and there is more performance to be squeezed from our architecture and implementation. This is a major focus of effort internally for us right now, and we expect it to be for some time. If you are experiencing slow upload from desktop to device, please be patient as we work to improve that. We're interested to hear from you when you experience parts of the system that cause pain -- and joy. Mobile clients Clients for both iOS and Android are available in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. Links to download are available from your accounts page . iOS devices join OSX and Windows desktop clients in being able to do the initial device setup when you first plug in. This functionality will be added to Android soon. Thumbnailing For those that used the product in its earliest alpha stages, you'll note some major recent improvements in thumbnailing, across all clients. This required some work both on the storage backend and the client software on various platforms. Clients are now able to read and generate thumbnails much faster than they could before on all clients, and thumbnail capability was recently added to the web client. As with performance, this is an ongoing effort. Look for many more improvements in the coming months, including improvements to the visual display of thumbnails and better ways to access and share your photos and videos online. Access your files when your device is offline One of the core promises of Space Monkey Technology is that your data is not only safe even if your own device fails, but still accessible. This feature, which we refer to as "network reads," currently works in the web app and mobile clients. Note that network reads only work for data which has synced out to the network. You can see how much of your data has made it to the network by looking at the lower right corner of the display in the web app (it's normal to almost always have some data waiting to go out, since any updates to files result in more changes being queued). If your device goes offline, the web app will let you know that it is switching to network reads and then give you access to all the files that have been fully synced. Network reads are currently available via the Web, iOS, and Android. They will soon be available on the desktop as well. In the future, clients may switch automatically to network reads without ceremony; we have already noticed that streaming large amounts of data can be much faster from the network than from a single home device, and there are other situations where this may be a better experience, too. Multi-user support Work progresses on making it possible to associate more than one distinct account per device. This will allow those of you who have family members in your household that you'd like to share space with to do so without granting access to all the same files. Shared Folders We've been using shared folders for collaboration internally for a number of months now, and are still working out a few kinks prior to making them available more widely. Free accounts Work has also begun on free accounts, so that you can invite others into collaborative folders without them needing their own Space Monkey device. Upgrade to Own We're very happy with the reaction we've had to the upgrade offer that has been made to the $99-$129 reward tiers. Similar offers will be going out to tiers &gt; $129 soon. Please remember, upgrading to own is 100% optional, 100% your choice . We also appreciate the feedback we've received on these offers that have helped us to improve them. More to come. International Units We've received final reports on CE testing and believe devices in the next manufacturing batch will be ready to ship to International backers. We had intended the first run of units to include shipments outside of the US, and had even included EU-style power supplies in hundreds of units. We've been busy manually unpacking these so that they can be sold domestically while we wait for the next run of devices to be completed for delivery to International backers. The hold up on CE compliance came down to a grounding issue on screws inside the device. This had no impact on performance or safety, and did not adversely affect compliance inside the United States. All future runs of devices include a fix for this, the first of which we expect to happen in January or February. That run of units will include devices for International backers. We know it may be little consolation, but Kickstarter is -- to date -- the only opportunity International customers have had to get their hands on Space Monkey. It pains us that we are fulfilling your units later than U.S. backers, but we hope you find some consolation in the fact that you will be the first outside of the U.S. to receive Space Monkey. We field inquiries almost every day from potential customers outside the U.S. who want to know when they can buy a Space Monkey, and they consider you lucky to have gotten in at a time when they cannot. Waves A-E completed We've ordered all of Waves D and E to ship, and almost all of these are either now delivered or in transit. This completes domestic orders, minus 2TB backers. 2TB units have been manufactured and are on a ship being transported to our warehouse. The Future We're very excited to watch the network grow as you receive your units and bring them online. We passed 1 petabyte of total storage in the network some time ago, and are excited to watch this quickly hit 10PB over the next few months. There are a lot of things we want to do with the software to make your Space Monkey experience more awesome, and are excited about what the next months and years hold. Thank you for helping us bring this to life! Wave D starting Wave C has been received with a lot of excitement. Thanks to everyone who tweeted and shared pics via social media, reached out to us with questions about future product direction, or contacted us about issues they may have seen. This has been tremendously helpful in improving Space Monkey. We know we have a lot of work still to do, and are excited to be able to continue molding the service with new features and better performance. Thanks for coming on this journey with us! New Order Availability, Now! In addition to having enough stock on hand to fulfill Waves D and E (and US backers in Wave F) by the end of the year, we also have some extra units which were originally destined for our International backers (International backers begin in Wave F), but due to regulatory requirements, must stay in the United States. Don't worry International backers! We're making new ones for you and these will be sent off as soon as possible! What should we do with this inventory? It represents a significant investment by the company, and we'd like to free up that money for further development work, so we're make it available for purchase within the United States, immediately. We wanted you to be the first to know about this, in case you wanted to order one as a holiday gift for someone else, or in case you had jealous friends who look at you with great admiration for being on the cutting edge of technology as a Space Monkey Kickstarter backer. If any of those situations apply, visit <url>"December 2013" to "March 2014." Also note that this means that those who have already purchased via the website will likely see their units arrive sooner than the original "January 2014" estimate. Upgrade Offer In the last update we promised that you would each be receiving an offer to upgrade from the $120/yr plan to the $49/yr plan by purchasing your device outright, with a special Kickstarter discount. We are still putting some of the infrastructure in place to allow this upgrade path, you will receive information soon. Thanks again for backing Space Monkey! We love our Kickstarter backers. Wave C is Complete Many backers in Wave C have received their units, and the warehouse has been instructed to complete all remaining Wave C rewards. If you haven't received a notice of shipping status and are in Wave C, you should receive one over the next few days. Wave D and E up next! We fully expect to ship both Waves D and E prior to Christmas (but, as always, reserve the right to delay if we judge that will result in a better experience for you due to unforeseen scaling issues). Waves D and E will complete all U.S. Domestic Kickstarter rewards. We love the feedback we are getting from Waves A, B, and C. People are having some great experiences with the product and service. But, as expected with any early version of software -- and particularly from a stack of software that creates a never-before-seen global storage network out of commodity components running in homes -- some are also encountering behavior or performance issues. We are working hard to address each one of these, and enjoying the process of making Space Monkey better every day. We appreciate your help, feedback, patience, and faith in this vision, and can't wait to get this into your hands! Wave F and beyond (International) CE testing has wrapped up. Reporting and documentation requirements are still being finalized, but it looks like we will soon be ready to start manufacturing units for international backers. We'll let you know if we hit any snags on the way to international fulfillment, and will update with firmer schedule details as soon as possible. New Pricing Finally, we wanted to mention something some of you may have already noticed: for orders going forward on our website, the model has changed to an upfront purchase of the device for $199, with one year of free network service. After the first year, the network subscription is now $49. Over the lifetime of the device, this represents a price cut over the old $10/month model, plus users get to own the hardware instead of lease it. We will be extending an offer to all Kickstarter backers to upgrade to this new plan which will preserve the discount you received by backing us on Kickstarter. The transition will be 100% opt-in; if you prefer to stick with the reward level you already have, we'll continue to support those plans as-is. Watch your inbox for more details on how you can upgrade -- we'll be sending out information soon. (For those of you in the $349 outright-purchase reward tier: don't worry, we haven't forgotten you. We're going to sweeten your reward in addition to giving you an upgrade path -- we think you'll be pleased. More details coming soon!) Wave B Has Arrived! Wave B is now in our possession. We have hand-tested most of these units over the past few days as one of our final Quality Assurance steps prior to sending out successive waves (Waves C and greater will be fulfilled directly from the warehouse). Once we are finished with these last checks, Wave B will go out. You will get an email update when this happens, regardless of which wave you are in. Wave C and Beyond Waves C and greater are on schedule, and we expect these to be sent out as previously described -- with the caveat that we have some additional hurdles for International users in these waves. If you are an International Backer, read below for details regarding delivery. International We have already achieved all approvals necessary for distribution in the United States, including necessary FCC compliance and markings. However, the requirements for similar approvals vary from country to country, with the largest numbers of backers being affected by the CE mark used mainly within the EU. While the work towards CE compliance began many months ago, we are still working through the final phases of this regulatory step. During the electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) testing phase for CE approval, we discovered that devices exceed the limits for a Class A (non-residential use) at 250MHz due to radiation coupled into the power cable. The problem was quickly identified and a remedy applied, allowing the device to pass both Class A (commercial &amp; industrial) and B (residential &amp; home use) limits. Unfortunately, the only economically viable way to apply this fix is to make a slight change in the manufacturing process. This means that International Backers who are in countries that require a CE Mark will have their devices assembled and manufactured in one of our next production batches before end of year. We will continue to update you regarding schedule both via Kickstarter updates and via wave email communications. Last of all, there are a handful of countries who have difficult requirements for approving import of a device like ours. We're doing our best to find ways to make sure everyone can get their hands on a Space Monkey, but the small number of places with onerous requirements may make it difficult for us to fulfill these in a timely manner. If you happen to fall in this category, we will be communicating individually with you about options for fulfilling your reward level or offering you a refund. Great news everyone: all devices for Kickstarter backers have been manufactured and packaged into their boxes. They are currently sitting on pallets, waiting to be put into shipping containers and loaded onto a boat to make the journey to our warehouse, from which they will be shipped directly to you. Read below for more details. Delivery has Begun! A small number of Kickstarter backers have already received units from one of our smaller initial runs. We are calling these initial deliveries Wave A . We have another small shipment of devices scheduled for arrival at Space Monkey in the next few weeks, which we will begin shipping to people in Wave B after some internal QA testing. You will be getting an email by end of day tomorrow about which wave you are in, along with more details. We are purposely starting with small waves, growing them in size at each step, to make sure we catch problems as we go. This means that the number of people in Wave A is intentionally small. Wave B will be larger. Wave C larger than that. Etc. Rather than setting hard dates for each wave now -- and then learn of delays that make those dates impossible -- we are trying to set expectations appropriately via these Wave communications. We know that not having a hard date for delivery can be frustrating, but we also know that when you backed Space Monkey, you were contributing to fund a project while it was being created, and that you were signing up to support the people trying to bring it to life. That you put your faith in us means a tremendous amount to the entire team. We are a startup with limited resources -- and we're navigating these manufacturing waters as well as we can. We will deliver your rewards as soon as possible, respecting the order in which you backed as much as possible, and we will firm up dates as soon as we can do so with a high degree of certainty. As originally stated on the Kickstarter page, International orders will trail US Domestic -- not because we want to delay those orders (international units are, after all, completely manufactured already!), but because of the regulatory and logistics time overhead. We've already jumped through many of the regulatory compliance hoops, and have the remaining necessary hardware testing scheduled during October. We'll update as dates solidify, but we hope to ship Internationally as close to domestically as possible. More Transparency In the interest of providing you more background about where we are and what to expect, here are some additional details. The initial production run of devices was expected to be completed at the beginning of this month and be on its way or already in our warehouses, ready to start delivering. Unfortunately, there was a problem with delivery of power supplies: they were stuck in a customs limbo in mainland China, even though they were produced in China. We consider our supply chain as part of our own team, so we aren't trying to shift blame -- but there are forces outside of our control contributing to this delay. The timing of this initial delay has created another slight delay: a National Chinese holiday prevents us from getting these devices on a boat this week, and pushes us into one of the busiest shipping times of the year from mainland China. We are hoping to get space on a ship on either the 13th or 20th of October. It will take roughly 20 days for these units to make their way across the Pacific, and another week to get through customs. This implies arrival of devices in our warehouse by the middle or end of November. If things go well, some of these will start to arrive in backers' hands at the beginning of December. But keep in mind, this is subject to change -- we'll keep you posted. Although we have already delivered to Wave A and will begin Wave B deliveries shortly, the majority of backer units will be on this boat from China, expected to arrive on the West Coast in November. We know it is hard to wait, because we are just as anxious to get this into your hands as you are to receive it. The team has been using the product internally for months, and we can't wait for you to experience what we've experienced. It will be worth the wait! Look for an email about wave assignments in your inbox tomorrow. This email will also contain a link to sign in directly to our website and edit your account &amp; shipping details. And as always, feel free to ask questions or leave feedback via the Kickstarter forums or private messages. Thanks for supporting Space Monkey! A few months ago, you helped us raise 3.5x our goal to begin building our vision of how the cloud should work. We’ve been working hard to put the finishing touches on Space Monkey devices and are getting ready to roll the first batch out to you. Soon you’ll be receiving a message from us with a bit more information on when you can expect your reward to ship. We’ll begin shipping devices in waves, starting with “Wave A,” then “Wave B,” and so on. We’ll be updating each of you with your specific wave and letting you know when it leaves the Space Monkey mothership. You'll receive an email with information on how to check the status of your Wave as well as confirm and update your shipping information directly from your Space Monkey account page. In the meantime, here are a few things we’ve been working on: Optimizations to the Space Monkey desktop client software to increase cache (temporary disk space) efficiency. Adjustments to the device software parameters for calculating priorities and organizing data. Web client polishes to create a seamless experience. Improvements on mobile clients for iOS and Android. Many tweaks to the "out of box" setup to improve your first experience with Space Monkey. Additional regulatory and compliance testing to allow us to ship devices internationally. T-shirts are now in the hands of most US backers who pledged at levels in order to receive them, and have begun shipping to international backers as well. Our alpha network has expanded in size, with a small handful of Kickstarter backers receiving units to help out with this. This program will continue until all backers have received their rewards. Thank you for being a part of the this journey with us. We really value your feedback, so please let us know what you like about the service as well as what you'd like to see it do in the future. We know you are anxious to receive the reward associated with your pledge level. Know that we are just as anxious to get it into your hands! From the entire Space Monkey Team, thanks again! As promised in Post #7 , here are updates to the Feature Roadmap. Lots of exciting news here: many items previously marked "v1" are already done, the rest are on target, and a couple of features that we didn't expect to get to until after v1 are looking like they'll be done early, including Time Machine integration. We also heard you loud and clear that you'd like local protocol support (DLNA/SMB/AFP), and we're working to deliver that as soon as possible. See the end of this post for a brief note about manufacturing and delivery updates. Key ✓ = feature working today ① = feature may be ready for v1 ∞ = feature likely not ready until after v1 Bold&amp;Italic : updated since last post Client ✓ All basic filesystem operations (create, open, read, write, etc) ✓ Syncing between multiple clients ✓ File emblems ✓ Public-link sharing ✓ Device provisioning ✓ Caching preferences ✓ In-app updates ✓ File/folder pinning ✓ Configurable bandwidth caps/limits ① Read files when device is offline ✓ Mavericks (OSX) support ✓ Network status notifications ① Time Machine integration (OSX) ∞ Team folders ∞ File versioning Storage Device ✓ Remote update ✓ Remote management ✓ LED status indicators ∞ DLNA / SMB / AFP ∞ Team folders ∞ Multiple devices ∞ USB camera upload Mobile ✓ Auto-upload ✓ File upload ✓ File browsing ✓ File download ✓ File/folder renaming/moving ✓ Viewing native file types (jpg, png, pdf, etc) ✓ Public link sharing ∞ Local-network upload ∞ Thumbnail views of media files ∞ Device provisioning ∞ Timeline view of media ∞ Automatic grouping (media views) Web ✓ File browsing ✓ File upload ✓ File download ✓ File/folder renaming/moving ✓ Public link sharing ✓ Account management ✓ Viewing native file types (jpg, png, pdf, etc) ✓ Public link administration ✓ Device status ① Network status of files ① Read files when device is offline ✓ Streaming of native file types (audio, video) ∞ File versioning ∞ Team folder management ∞ Timeline view of media ∞ Automatic grouping (media views) ∞ Paranoid Security Mode (revoke/restore keys) Things are looking great! Finally, many of you have been asking for updates on the manufacturing and delivery schedule. We do have updates here, and want to get them to you as quickly as possible, but we also want to be as accurate as possible, so look for another update in the coming days with more details. For now, know that the first small wave of devices for Kickstarter Backers did start going out at the end of August as part of an expansion of our Alpha Testing network, and that we have team members traveling back to the manufacturing plant at the end of this week to supervise the production of even more units. Just a quick update this week on manufacturing. We are still on track with the schedule listed in Update #6 , with recent completion of the Design Validation run. As expected, we discovered some opportunities for improving the manufacturing process during this run and are making some changes to improve efficiency. We are still on schedule to produce units for Kickstarter backers in August, and still expect that units will ship to customers in August / September. All necessary components for this next manufacturing run have been procured and are in our possession, minus some related to the power supply, which are scheduled to arrive mid-August. We are working with the supplier to move this date up by a week or two, but if they are fulfilled on time we expect no further delays. On the software front, the team has made some great progress improving performance and stability. Just this week, rates for storing data from desktop apps to device increased 20-30% on most workloads. Reading data from device is also now faster, and the amount of time it takes for the device to write to the network is now shorter. Some initial work on "network reads" (which allows you to access files even if your own device is offline) has been completed. Android and iOS apps are nearing feature complete for v1, and some work has even begun on features we didn't expect to get to until after delivery. We wanted to give you a peek at features already completed, features we're currently working on, and features that will likely be rolled out to users sometime after devices ship. As always, we love feedback on where we're headed. Key ✓ = feature working today ① = feature may be ready for v1 ∞ = feature likely not ready until after v1 Client ✓ All basic filesystem operations (create, open, read, write, etc) ✓ Syncing between multiple clients ✓ File emblems ✓ Public-link sharing ✓ Device provisioning ✓ Caching preferences ✓ In-app updates ✓ File/folder pinning ① Configurable bandwidth caps/limits ① Read files when device is offline ① Mavericks (OSX) support ① Network status notifications ∞ Time Machine integration (OSX) ∞ Team folders ∞ File versioning Storage Device ✓ Remote update ✓ Remote management ∞ DLNA / SMB / AFP ∞ Team folders ∞ Multiple devices ∞ USB camera upload Mobile ✓ Auto-upload ✓ File upload ✓ File browsing ✓ File download ✓ File/folder renaming/moving ✓ Viewing native file types (jpg, png, pdf, etc) ① Public link sharing ∞ Local-network upload ∞ Thumbnail views of media files ∞ Device provisioning ∞ Timeline view of media ∞ Automatic grouping (media views) Web ✓ File browsing ✓ File upload ✓ File download ✓ File/folder renaming/moving ✓ Public link sharing ✓ Account management ✓ Viewing native file types (jpg, png, pdf, etc) ① Public link administration ① Device status ① Network status of files ① Read files when device is offline ① Streaming of native file types (audio, video) ∞ File versioning ∞ Team folder management ∞ Timeline view of media ∞ Automatic grouping (media views) ∞ Paranoid Security Mode (revoke/restore keys) We'll keep you updated as items move from ① to ✓, as well as which (if any) of the post-v1 items move up in schedule. Note that the above list is not comprehensive, and that many of even the ∞ items are already far along in implementation (for example, file versioning support exists in the storage backend - it just hasn't been plumbed through to client-side software yet). Also note that this list is not comprehensive; there are a number of completed features not mentioned, as well as many others we are working on. As always, thanks for backing Space Monkey! We're excited about how the product is shaping up and the progress we're making towards getting it into your hands. We thought you might enjoy reading about the economics of our Kickstarter campaign: The Price of the Cloud . We also wanted to quickly update everyone on the production schedule. Here's what it is looking like as of today: Phase 4 : Design Validation (300 units) - Scheduled completion: July 2013 Phase 5 : Process Validation (3,500 units) - Scheduled completion: Aug 2013 Phase 6 : Mass Production (TBD units) - Sep 2013 This means that units will likely start to ship to Kickstarter backers by the end of August, and all pre-orders should be shipped by the end of September. This is one month off from the schedule we initially believed we could hit at the beginning of the campaign, and we sincerely apologize for the delay. As mentioned before, International orders may take slightly longer to fulfill. The good news is that we have caught a few issues in getting to the Design Validation phase that will be solved by taking a little bit more time to deliver a product that you are going to love. Thanks again for backing Space Monkey! Since beginning our Kickstarter campaign, the team has implemented a ton of new features and continues to make improvements in performance and reliability across the full Space Monkey software stack. Here are a few highlights: Web link sharing Web accounts system New Desktop Client Emblems (Windows and OSX) Desktop Client: right-click weblinks (Windows and OSX) Desktop Client: notifications for low disk space (OSX) Desktop Client: pause/resume sync (Windows and OSX) Desktop Client: download size halved (OSX) Desktop Client: disk space controls (Windows and OSX) Desktop Client: *numerous* bugfixes and performance improvements (Windows and OSX) iOS App: v1, view/download/upload files working Android App: UI enhancements Android App: auto upload bugfixes System for emailing users about device problems Storage System: file versioning support Storage System: performance improvements Storage System: more resilient methods to introduce devices to the network Following are screenshots of some of these features: Evaluation Unit &amp; Packaging: We've made great progress across the entire project over the past month. Our small team of 12 engineers have been working on web access, iPhone &amp; Android apps, desktop clients (Windows, Mac &amp; Linux), the distributed storage system, hardware manufacturing &amp; testing and packaging. We are fueled by the support we've been getting from the Kickstarter community and excited to share some of our progress: Device Manufacturing: In order to mass produce the Space Monkey device we have to do an initial run of a 100 or so devices. This allows to evaluate the manufacturing process and make any necessary changes on the assembly line. We also get to, on a small scale, test our supply chain at the same time. There isn't any room at this point to make changes to the device aesthetically or mechanically. We invested a significant amount of time and money to ensure mechanical &amp; industrial design was completed before we launched on Kickstarter as they are usually very high risk points in any hardware project. Packaging Development: The art of good packaging design is alive and healthy when it comes to electronic goods like Nest and Apple. Not so much with children's toys. We understand a good packaging experience is important to consumers and we've spent a lot time designing something that will be durable and easy to open. Most packaging is designed with retail shelves in mind and making sure they inundate the box with enormous amounts of marketing speak and tech specs. We went the more functional, but still elegant. The outer box with foam insert is durable in the face of any maligned postman. The inner box houses the Space Monkey device, power cable, ethernet cable (plug into your router) and setup card. We can't say packaging will stay this way, but we think it's a good start. New Reward Level and Stretch Reward! We've added a new reward level: $209 gives you 2-years of 1TB service. That's 3+ months of free service for buying an extra year upfront. It's like summer vacation from elementary school: no homework all summer long! Remember that you can modify your pledge and reward level any time before the campaign ends on Friday. Also, we just hit 3x our initial funding goal. To say "thank you," we are giving all subscription levels 1-extra month of service, free. Think of it as a stretch goal that you guys hit before we could tell you about it. Here we go! 3,000 hard drives are on their way to our manufacturing partners (along with 897,000 other electronic components that go into making 3,000 Space Monkey devices). This is the biggest single purchase in Space Monkey’s history to date, but soon to be dwarfed by larger runs as we ramp up production. We’re heads down making sure both hardware and software are ready for summer release. Packaging: The design team works hard, so you don’t have to. Well, at least when it comes to opening your Space Monkey device. Who knew good packaging could be so complex? Take a peek at the packaging design. <url>’ve not seen the web demo, check it out here: <url>’t have to tell you, but we sure need to Thank You for helping us reach our goal in less than 10 hours. The support has been fantastic! We continue to work hard to answer your questions in email and the comment board. We’ll try to answer them as quickly as possible. Don’t forget to check out the FAQ as we’ve been updating it with answers to common questions. Here are some updates since we launched last week: Stretch Goals: all subscription reward levels get an extra 3 months of service for free if we hit 5000 backers by end of campaign, and 6 extra months of service free if we hit 8000 backers. Get the word out, let’s make it happen! Press coverage in the Gizmodo , the Wall Street Journal , BusinessInsider , USA Today , and VentureBeat . Hardware was tested for FCC Part 15 compliance and passed, which covers US &amp; Canadian regulations. The EU and other countries require additional certifications which are currently in progress. New reward levels: 1) $129 gets 1-yr subscription + a tshirt, 2) device purchase +3yrs subscription for $349 Thanks, Team Space Monkey PS - Tom the hardware guy took a photo of the FCC lab.