Hello Awesome Backers! We are finally shipping the Spixi iPhone 4 and Spixi MicroUSB. They arrived today to our fulfillment center, Fulfillrite , and are shipping today and tomorrow to our AWESOME BACKERS worldwide. US Backers should receive their Spixi in 3-5 days, and international backers should receive their Spixi in about 2 weeks. Spixi iPhone 5 - We are still pending Apple's approval, and we expect to get Apple's approval mid-August. We will have more details in our next update. Thank you all for your love and support!! Paul Yun Escargot New York Hello Awesome Backers! Great news - Our first batch of iPhone 4 and Android Spixi's is finally complete, and ships from China today. Next Monday, the batch should arrive to our fulfillment center in New Jersey where our fulfillment partners, Fulfillrite, will ship Spixi worldwide to each and every one of our backers, who ordered either iPhone 4 and Android models. So early next week, they start shipping to backers. We are trying to expedite our iPhone 5 Spixi ship date , by making the case to Apple that our product is not very different than other retractable products that have been Apple-certified, mechanically-speaking, and by also using our supplier's patent on the retractable cable mechanism. Planned shipping date for iPhone 5 Spixi is late Summer still, due to Apple certification. If you moved recently , and have ordered an iPhone 4 Spixi or Android (MicroUSB) Spixi, please send us a message with your order number and new shipping address, this week before we ship out your package! Thank you all for sticking it with us, and being patient, and supporting us. It is what has fueled us to get us this far, and it is what will get us through, all the way. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact me. Thank you for being you and for being amazing! Paul Yun Check out the latest photos of our Spixi Project! -The Escargot Team TO OUR BACKERS: THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! So it's February, and things are going well. Here's the latest scoop on Spixi: -- We are on schedule with production, still. And we intend to keep it that way. Paul has been on phone conversations with the supplier, their R&amp;D team, and the factory manager- everyday for the last 2 weeks. And they've been getting quite cozy. Persistence has really driven a nail in their minds-- that there is a certain urgency with this project, and that this project is truly worthy of high-priority. By constant communication we are able to keep to schedule and delivery as quickly as possible, for our awesome backers. -- We have photos of the latest and greatest. It looks and feels solid- Very good. The sample doesn't show the updated strain relief because our supplier would have had to created a temporary mold, which would take some time and add more time to the schedule. So what we have instead is a 3D file of the updated strain relief. Because the strain relief is perpendicular to the face of the connector, naturally, it sits flush when retracted against Spixi's body-- which is good, and now we don't need to have a magnet to do that, reducing our costs. See photos below! -- Lastly, we would like to reach out to our Kickstarter network. As we are preparing for the launch of Spixi, we have a million and one things that go on in a given day. We would like to ask you, our backer, or your amazingly brilliant friends, if you would like to get involved with our project. From marketing to public relations, retailers to distributors, social media buffs to techies, graphic designers to film students. There are a lot of interesting things going on, and who better to ask than our most supportive and favorite group of people. Please send us a message if interested, and thank you in advance. -- We know we say thank you a lot, but it's the truth and we mean it- Thank you. You guys are truly awesome! The Escargot Team Awesome backers! It's been 2 weeks since we were successfully funded. Here are our latest updates: Last week, our supplier attended the Apple MFi conference in Shenzhen, China. They tell me that it was a very informative event. Apple is in process of approving them for the Lightning connector (all suppliers needed to re-apply for Apple MFi-certification in order to produce Lightning-compatible accessories), and they are confident they will get approved. Next week, all kickstarter funds should be released to us, and then we should start seeing a lot of action. Next step in the product development cycle is called "Open Tooling." This is when the molds start to get made. We are totally excited for this step! Our order site is almost up &amp; ready Thank you for being patient! For backers, the order site will allow you to go in and choose your products choices and enter in your shipping address. For new backers, it will allow you to 'reserve' your Spixi. We will send out a notification when it goes live. Exclusive Q&amp;A with our Supplier Paul Yun, founder of Escargot interviewed Senior Supplier Representative, Gus, in China to share with the backers, a little more about the Supplier, their thoughts on Spixi, and the crowd-funding platform, Kickstarter. Read the interview below. P: Why do you want to work with Escargot? G: Escargot is different. It is a young, hard-working company, with this Kickstarter approach. We can tell Escargot did months of market research and thorough product development, and they were successfully funded with over 1,000 backers. That’s why we want to work with Escargot. P: How long have you been manufacturing cables? G: Our company has been making cables for about 35 years. P: Quite a long time. Would you say you are experts in the industry? G: We won’t say we are the top expert, but we are among the best in the industry. We manufacture for many well-known electronics brands around the world. P: What do you think about Spixi? G: We like the design very much. The logo and the concept design- we like it a lot. It’s not like the traditional retractable cables we’ve made- it looks much simpler and it's more attractive. We think it’s more stream lined and will be less likely to get tangled with other items in your bag. P: Do you feel confident that you can meet Escargot’s quality standards? G: This looks like an Apple product, and it is not an issue for us to make a product to Apple’s standards. We put the highest level of quality in our cable products to ensure it will meet industry standards, so it functions as it is supposed to. We make sure the industry standards are met. P: Do you have any advice for Escargot? G: Keep going. Create. Innovate. That’s the only way to be successful. Escargot has some good ideas, and they can be successful, depending on how you react to the feedback from your users and the market. P: What do you think about Kickstarter? G: It’s amazing. We did not know about it- until you introduced it to us. We think it’s a great platform to open up communication between end-users and product makers. We wish there was something like this for Asia. P: Any words to Kickstarter backers? G: As Escargot’s supplier, we want to thank the Kickstarter backers for making the project come to life. We hope you continue contributing feedback to help make the product better. P: Thank you for your time. We look forward to working together, and to continue making new, innovative products together with the support of our Kickstarter backers. G: Thank you. - End of Interview - Thank you again backers for the amazing support. Sincerely, The Escargot Team Thank You, Thank You, THANK YOU. You guys made it happen. 1,394 Backers, $48,778 Raised Though we did not reach our stretch goal, we are going to come up with a plan to try and accommodate for our backers who want Spixi for iPhone in Black. We'll announce it soon. Shipping Information and Product Choice will be requested soon as well, we will contact you regarding the necessary information. We ask you to be patient while we prepare an easy system for you to use. We beat the odds 63% of 'Design Projects' on Kickstarter are unsuccessful. We slipped through, and managed to do fairly well. We joined the 2,662 other successful projects to raise beyond $20,000, putting our project in the top 8% of Most Funded Projects in Kickstarter history. *Figures from <url>"head-count" on how many of each version of Spixi we need so far. All backers should be receiving an email about the survey shortly. This will help us get an idea of how many quantities we will need when placing the order with our supplier. $44k with 1,277 AMAZING backers, 9 days left Really, you're amazing. We could not have made it this far without you! Thank you. And we are only $6k away from reaching our stretch goal. Together we can achieve this! Paul is still in China, working arduously to get Spixi to production, so you- our AWESOME BACKER can get it in your hands as soon as possible. Expect another manufacturing sample this time, next week. Forever Grateful, The Escargot Team We got the first mock-up from our Supplier! Check out the video to see it in action. Thanks to all 1,216 backers- we surpassed $40,000 yesterday!! See more at facebook.com/escargotny Paul &amp; Escargot Today, I met with my great supplier guys - Gus and Sean (we all know that's not their given names), they are two of the most generous and hardest working guys in manufacturing game I have ever met in the last 5 years. They assure me by the end of the month they will have a working production sample of Spixi for iPhone 4/4s, Android, AND iPhone 5! But I'm not letting them off the hook that easy - with just a verbal promise. To ensure they keep their word, I have demanded them for a day-to-day deliverable schedule to track their progress. I will confirm with them at the end of each business day, that they keep to the schedule, this way we know they will deliver to us by the end-of-month. The other thing I am doing, is discussing possible obstacles they may encounter, and how we should overcome them, so we can minimize loss of time and increase efficiency. Besides development, we are in talks for colors, MOQs, and packaging. I am glad to be in Asia, though the trip was slightly delayed due to the Chinese Visa process, it is much more effective to do business face-to-face when in Asia. There is a huge electronics fair in Hong Kong (2 of them, in fact), where I am currently. Later this week, we will get to see the facilities and the rest of the supplier team in China, where Spixi will be born! Thanks to all of our great supporters, and welcome to all of our new supporters! We have 1,111 amazing backers and counting! And yesterday, we got featured by the hip Japanese site Gigazine - Spixi is going global! Get the latest updates on facebook.com/escargotny . Sincerely, Paul &amp; Escargot THANK YOU from the bottom of Spixi's heart to all our Super Backers! Our stretch goal is a black version of Spixi for iPhone 4/4S/5, if we can raise an additional $20,000, bringing the total to $50,000. You guys ROCK! -Paul &amp; Escargot We are getting closer!! After 5 days, we are nearly 50% of the way. If we continue at this rate, we will hit our funding goal in no time. A BIG thank you to our AMAZING 390 backers, we couldn't have come this far without you. Before we went live, we reached out to Engadget, Gizmodo, and The Verge to cover our Kickstarter-- And still no word. We want to ask YOU, our amazing backer, to help us by reaching out to them and telling them why they need to cover SPIXI. This will help our Kickstarter get more exposure, and hopefully allow us to hit our goal faster. What this also means is getting in to production faster, and exploring our stretch goals sooner. Engadget.com (click on little red "tip us" button) Email: <email> <url>"tip". We'd like to share a few of our backer's encouraging words! -- Spixi Development We are continuing to make progress with our supplier. We had a very productive and long meeting today, discussing the tooling schedule. Roughly, 90% of their capacity is reserved for "Big" players, and with what they consider to be "low" quantities, they assured us they would accommodate a position in their schedule to meet our February delivery date. The reason why they are willing to do this, is to build a long-term relationship with us, and they also believe that Spixi will be successful (It's VERY, VERY GOOD when your supplier likes your product and enjoys making it!) Because of this, we may be able to negotiate a "sweet spot" for quantities to bypass the required MOQs for Black Spixis for iPhone as a stretch goal, as many people have requested. -- An interview with the Founder Alley NYC did an interview with Paul Yun today. Click here to pick his brain. -- If you haven't done so already, like us on Facebook.com/escargotny and help us spread the word! Thank you again for all of your support! We are half-way there because of you!! Best- The Escargot Team Dear Spixi backers, It has been 3 CRAZY days since we went live, and we've are already reached a fifth of our goal with 200 plus hundred backers! On September 21, to promote our kickstarter, we went to the lines at the Apple stores in New York City. We gave out thousands of free iPhone 5 screen protectors in our beautiful Escargot packaging. Venture Beat and Wall Street Journal featured us- "This startup recently launched its Spixi project on Kickstarter. It offers a “jam-free retractable cable for smartphones.” Escargot employees handed out free iPhone screen protectors at all five Apple Store locations in Manhattan." ( Venture Beat ) "Startup retractable phone-charger maker Escargot was handing out screen covers for the iPhone 5 that included product materials at the Midtown Verizon store." ( Wall Street Journal ) We got Hazem Sayed, the first person in line at the 5th Ave store (he waited 8 days!) to push the publish button for our kickstarter! It was truly a magical moment (a moment we will share with the world if successfully funded). We believe the event was a success- we made a lot of people happy, and we got the word out about our kickstarter project to 3,000 New Yorkers early that morning. In other news, we received word from the patent office, so we are now official "patent-pending." We applied for our patent on Spixi the day before we went live. ---WE STILL HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO and we can use ALL the help we can get. Please spread the word to your facebook friends, tweet us, instagram/pinterest us, or good old fashion word of mouth- It all helps. The faster we hit our funding amount the faster we can enter production!!! Facebook.com/escargotny Twitter: @escargotny Pinterest.com/escargotny Instagram: escargotny A HUGE THANK YOU to our 230 Spixi Backers!! We will continue working hard to deliver an awesome product for you! Let's get Spixi! -Paul &amp; The Escargot Team