Hello Everyone, Long awaited update. I apologize for not following up on here as I assume you guys would know to get updates on our other social media outlets. Please follow us on twitter at : @SuperDojo on facebook : <url>"Fighting Game Community," I am back in town and ready to begin renovations immediately. Many people have asked how long it will take and when doors will be open again so I will give as best an answer as possible. We are aiming for the first week of August and possibly having a re-opening party on the 8th to celebrate. We will have many pictures up to show the daily progress and their will be an instagram account for all everyone interested to keep up with everything. Once again, thank you all for your support and I will be updating much more often until renovations are complete. For those who contributed, please keep an eye open for emails requesting various information pending which tier pledge you participated in. Time to get to work now and talk to you all again real soon! Michael Watson It's been a while since we last updated this project. Aside from all the tedious work required and planning that has been going on, we have finally finished our logo for the backers who will be receiving a t-shirt: I will be sending out emails soon to all of you who supported us and are waiting for this shirt requesting your shirt size preferred and address I can ship to. I am also still working on the details of our "backer plaque" and most importantly waiting on a reply of how many characters max we will be allowed to use. Soon as we find out I will be forwarding that info to all of you and at that time you can decide on how you would like your name to appear on our wall. For those of you asking, we will be allowing you to use your gamertag as long as it is appropriate and there will be 0 tolerance for any type of slurs or usage involving a derogatory play on words. So along with emails that are going to be sent out within the next couple weeks, we have the largest fighting game tournament in the world to look forward to that is going on from July 11-13, then immediately after that we will start our remodeling process on July 14th. Hopefully we can get everything done within the original estimated time frame of 3 weeks and get the doors back open for you all to enjoy. Thank you again for all the support and see you here soon! Michael Watson Thank You to all of you who helped us achieve this goal. Without each and every one of you this would not have been possible and we here at Super Arcade would like you all to know that we are extremely thankful and appreciative of all the love and support that was shown to us. Now that you have done your part it is up to us to bring you the product we promised from the get go. In case some of you didn't get a chance to read our entire project and goal thoroughly, we will be starting our remodeling process on July 14th of this year and have a realistic goal of completion 3 weeks from this date. If you have any questions feel free to call us, send us a message here on kickstarter, or send a tweet to our twitter account "@SuperDojo." Once again, thank you very much for all your help and support. Hopefully our efforts to improve this establishment will make everyone proud to be a part of this project and hope to see you all here at the arcade sometime very soon! Thank You, Michael Watson So with the help of everyone and a late boost from Twitch.tv, Super Arcade's Kickstarter has now reached it's first stretch goal of getting a brand new sign. I know this wasn't a popular stretch goal but it was definitely needed. I will be shopping around a lot more in hopes of saving as much money as possible on all the items we need so I can put them towards other necessities. Thank you once again for all the support from everyone and who knows..... now that one large company has stepped up to the plate maybe others will follow! We will be running a live stream starting roughly at 3pm on Friday 5/2 (tomorrow) and answering all questions via skype or stream chat. If you are interested in participating please tune in tomorrow for all the updates and entertainment we can provide! *stream link will be provided tomorrow both as an update here and through our twitter @SuperDojo Thanks, Michael Watson First off I want to thank everyone for helping us achieve this goal. What once seemed an insurmountable task has now become a reality. We posted our first stretch goal for an outdoor sign that seemed somewhat unpopular with the fans and I apologize. So we have now added some goals that will hopefully be more fan friendly and benefit both the business and our loyal customers. We will be making our final push to hit our goals. Thank you all for joining us on this ride and talk to you all again real soon! First priority was to obviously gain funding to start on this mission and with everyone's help this goal is now complete. Big thanks to all of you who supported my ideas and efforts and thank you for having faith in me to get this huge project off the ground. As mentioned, everything will get started the week right after the largest fighting game tournament held in Las Vegas named "Evolution" and hopefully take only 3 weeks to finish. So stay tuned for more updates and keep playing all the games you love! Michael Watson So from the requests of many backers we have now added a stretch goal. With our current goal of $44,000 sitting at 90% we have now added a new goal of $52,000 that will allow us to directly change the appearance on the outside of our lovely establishment. For those of you who have been here since the beginning, you will know that the sign outside once read "Super E" at night and suffers from old age. So if we can reach our new stretch goal, this sign will not suffer from this fate and the final touches of remodeling will leak to the outside as well. Thank you all for your continued support and more updates will be coming soon! So for those of you who don't follow us on twitter @SuperDojo, here is the art we are working on for the 2nd batch of sticks in our tier 6.1 rewards. The 1st batch is still being kept secret but we promise it will be awesome. Also, since our goal is getting very near we are going to be adding a few stretch goals in hopes that we can make even more improvements to Super Arcade. Stay tuned for another update coming real soon! It was a tough choice to make and also difficult to achieve, but we have now added more custom fightsticks available as a tier 6 reward. Just to be 100% clear, the people who purchased the first 10, those sticks are not the same as the ones we are now offering. The original 10 sticks are extremely rare and there will not be more than 10 made, so if you were an early bird you are not getting punished here. The new sticks are still dual modded and also designed with our new Super Arcade logo on them, but these sticks have a completely different casing than the first run. So for those of you who wanted a fightstick, here's your chance to grab one as 10 more are now available! **note: this is the final addition of sticks to this campaign so once these 10 are gone, we do not have the capability of having more manufactured.** We have also added an extremely rare item thanks to one of our loyal sponsors Arcade Shock! Capcom released a very unique item in celebration of its 30th anniversary. Here's the description direct from their website: "Exclusive Street Fighter Cell Phone Sticker/Screen Cleaner. 22 Characters to Choose from. Price is for Each and this is for the single character pack. Choose your warrior. <url>" So there you have it, 2 more added rewards, project 65% funded in less than 72 hours, and excitement is building all around. Thank you all again for helping us and being a part of this life changing project. And once again, momentum is very important with these things so if you can please continue to spread the word it would be greatly appreciated cause without all of you, we would not be where we are today. Thank You! Michael Watson With all your support we have now reached over 50% of our goal in just a little over 24 hours. What an amazing milestone to achieve in such a short amount of time. The support you have all shown is the very reason I stay dedicated to my work and if everything keeps up, Super Arcade will have a bright future thanks to all of you. At the launch of this campaign we had a tier 6 funding incentive in which you, the donors, would receive a limited edition dual-modded custom fightstick. Well this bonus was so popular that the 10 sticks we originally designed sold out in a matter of hours. At this time I am working on adding more sticks that will have our new "Super Arcade" logo and theme, but I need to work with our manufacturer to confirm if it's even possible. These added sticks will not be exactly the same as the original 10 offered either because that just wouldn't be fair to the people who grabbed the deal first. So if you are looking to get one of these cool sticks you might be in luck! Stay tuned for more updates as they come in. Thank You, Michael Watson