I hope everyone is having a great holiday season! We have been working around the clock to deliver these wallets to your mailboxes before the 25th. Three talented production crews in Rhode Island, New Jersey, and New York have assembled TGTs with lightening speed. A dedicated crew in Brooklyn is inspecting the wallets before packaging them and sending out them to a fulfillment team in Michigan who fires them off to you. Thanks to you guys, this operation has been able to employ about fifty people this holiday season!! I eat sleep and dream of TGTs right now. I wake up with threads in my hair and stamps stuck to my face. Please understand any delay in responding to comments and emails is only due to my focus on managing the production, quality control, and fulfillment so you get your wallets as soon as possible. The shipping process has been intense. Literally thousands of wallets have been leaving my apartment in Brooklyn over the past five days! We are proud to say that we are still on track to get the vast majority of the wallets delivered to 7,500 backers all over the world by December 24th. With an operation this new on a scale this big, however, there are bound to be some bumps in the road. If you experience any error in your order, or a delay, I will do everything I can to make it right as soon as possible. Just reach out to <email> and let me know what's going on. Be sure to mention KICKSTARTER in the subject line. Same goes for any feedback, positive or negative. This is a growing company and we want to hear from you guys as much as possible! Thank you so much for how awesome you guys have been in general, your enthusiasm has been infectious. I have never corresponded with so many awesome people in my life. All the best from Brooklyn, Jack www. tightstore.com The support for TGT Kickstarter was more than I could have ever hoped for, and I can't express how thankful I am for all of your participation, support, and encouragement. You guys killed it on the last day: it was the best day of the entire campaign! I can't believe we went out with such a bang! Thank you!! This is just a quick note to make sure everyone knows the surveys are all out and need to be completed asap for the quickest delivery. I know some backers have found the survey in their junk folders, so if you haven't received it, check there. You can also login to Kickstarter, and the banner that pops up at the top of the page will lead you to your survey. I think you can also visit the TGT project page and hit your reward level to find your survey. I'll update again soon, but in the mean time, stay in touch and visit the tightstore , and connect on twitter ( me / TGT ) and Facebook to say what's up! Cheers, Jack I can't believe the TGT Kickstarter is coming to an end! It's been so much fun!! I've been in the city working on production today, so I haven't been able to get to a lot of questions and messages, but I will very soon. If your question was when do I get to pick my wallet, the answer is within the next 24 hours! I will send you a survey to collect all of your particulars. =) Also, a lot of you asked how you could purchase more than two 2.0s, so I added a few more reward levels to make it easier to order four, six, or eight wallets at a time. And, as a reminder, if you want the Limited Edition rewards, make sure you update your reward level before the project ends at midnight tonight! Here's to the best group of backers a guy could ask for! Cheers, Jack Just a quick note to say how grateful I am for all of you!! I'm going to let you get back to your stuffing, but first I wanted to reach out because there are only four days left of the one of the best experiences of my life. I've got three different factories working on the wallets in New York and New Jersey. There are 5,000 yards of elastic in my apartment right now, and 7,000 tiny TGT labels sitting next to my computer. I've got my man in PA working on 10,000 packages. I've got a team prepared to take order info for 6,500+ people, create packages for you, and fire them out. It's so important to me to get these wallets to you quickly, so I'm doing everything I can to make that happen. I'm working on a Christmas miracle!! Thank you again!!! As grateful as ever, Jack PS. Be sure to check out the new reward levels for the RPJ 2.0, and the Limited Edition leather TGTs before the project closes in case you want the new ones (you can freely edit your pledge and reward at any time). =) Firstly, to everyone recovering from the storm on the east coast, and all the communities that have been deeply affected, my heart goes out to you. I'm hoping you are managing well and wishing you a quick recovery. It has been two weeks since this Kickstarter launched, but it feels like yesterday when I pressed the launch button and snapped this picture. We have come so far! I want to welcome all the new backers that have joined, and thank you for becoming part of this project. Over 3000 people will be keeping it TGT! I'm so proud of that. I realized after this got going that the best feeling in the world is making the people you love feel proud of you, so thank you for helping make that happen for me. NEWS! !! A new limited edition TGT is dropping!!! I found a one-of-a-kind, limited edition black imprinted ultra-soft leather and bought every last piece of it because it was so amazing. Honestly when I was buying that leather everyone who worked at the store got sad it was leaving. I paired it with the Stone elastic and RPJ, and it blew me away. LOOK: I'm thrilled to be adding this limited edition TGT to the collection, and it will appear as a reward option very soon! Don't worry if you have already chosen a different reward, you can freely edit your pledge, and change your reward selection until the project closes on November 26th. Also, there's no need to request your specific wallet yet. A survey will be sent at the end of the campaign that will collect your order info. MORE NEWS!!! There will be an option to choose the RPJ 2.0, and it will come with black leather (pictured below). The Stone will also come in black leather, unless you specifically request the former model (which is featured on the project page). Here are some new photos of the RPJ and Stone with black leather: This Kickstarter has been bigger than I could have imagined, but I want to assure you, its success will not affect my ability to deliver. The Kickstarter was to raise enough money to produce TGT wallets on a large scale, and, because you helped me reach my goal, there is no limit to the amount that I can produce! The more the merrier! If you are buying these as Christmas gifts, the rewards titled "Holiday Special" are best because I prepared in advance for the purchase of those materials so I would have them ready in time. It is likely that the RPJ 2.0/1.0, Cowman 2.0/1.0, and first run of the Stone 2.0s will also be ready, but, if everything is riding on it, go for the "Holiday Specials". Everyone has been so generous and enthusiastic, and I thank you so much. I wish this Kickstarter could go on forever, but the good news is we still have 21 days to go!! I've heard a lot of good stuff about the video, and wanted to let you know I appreciate that so much. I had a lot of fun making it. Keep on tweeting, facebooking, pinning, and sharing! It's helping so much!!! Keeping it tight, Jack We have hit 1025 backers and doubled our launch goal in five days!!! Someone get me a glass of water, I'm going to pass out. It's a phenomenally exciting time for TGT, and it's all because of you. I wish I had Gumby arms so I could wrap my arms around all of you at once and give you a squeeze. It means that much to me. You guys have given me a ton of helpful feedback, and I really want to make this the best I can for you, so I'm excited to announce a couple things: Any of the 2.0 wallets can now be ordered with vegan leather! Photos of new faux leather will appear this week. At the $55 reward level, you will be given the option to sub out the Americana 2.0 for the Cowman 2.0 if you prefer it. I added a FAQ section to tackle some of the more commonly asked questions. It is at the bottom of the project page. I have even MORE exciting stuff to tell you later this week, so please stay tuned! And if you haven't connected yet, please do! twitter and facebook Ecstatically, Jack WE DID IT!!! You guys are lighting fast, and the best backers a guy could ask for! I hate ending sentences with prepositions, but for you guys, ANYthing! You've made this dream a reality, and made me feel like I'm on top of the world. Thank you! I woke up this morning to texts saying my project made the initial goal, which means that you are all getting wallets. Christmas morning at my house and everyone's invited! Such an incredible feeling to know you guys all took it to this level, and will all be carrying TGTs. I really can't wait. And I'm thrilled to announce the first member of the advisory board! I happen to know this person is a very savvy business woman, so I'm very proud and happy to be working with her. I will keep you updated every step of the way. Let's see how far we can take it, you guys! Let your friends and family know about the TGT project! Thank you so much for being a part of this. Much love and gratitude, Jack ps. for live updates: www.twitter.com/channel84 and www.facebook.com/tightwallet YOU GUYS. I am OVERWHELMED. Completely glued to my computer pressing refresh every five seconds. Today has been so exciting for me and my family! Thank you so much!! I'm grateful every time a new backer joins. And I'm so thrilled to have backers from all over the world!! TGT can't wait to travel! I’m proud to report that in less than 24 hours, we have 150 backers that have donated nearly $5,500 – well over 25% of my goal! So grateful for such awesome backers!! I want to let you all know that I am going to be working my hardest on this project everyday until you get your wallets. much love and gratitude, Jack connect for updates: www.facebook.com/tightwallet www.twitter.com/channel84