First off, thank you to all of you for your support during the original Builders of Blankenburg campaign that got all of this started. Further thanks to the many of you who are already supporting the Fields &amp; Flocks campaign as it nears the final 48 hours. For the rest of you, I thought I would make one more update here at the original campaign so that nobody misses out on the opportunity to support this expansion. As has been said, in addition to 6-player support, Fields &amp; Flocks adds a whole new Harvest Phase to the game, along with a full reprinting of all the cards from the base game. You can check out the campaign here: <url>"the games have arrived." Many apologies to our European and Canadian backers, as you should have received your copy of Builders of Blankenburg a couple weeks ago. However, French Customs decided a shipment of board games from China was suspect and performed a random inspection. In addition to holding up the games in port longer than normal, this meant the truck scheduled to pick them up and bring them to Ideaspatcher ended up leaving port empty handed and another truck had to be scheduled once Customs was through. To make a long story short, Ideaspatcher has confirmed that the shipment finally arrived at their warehouse today, with the games ready to ship out to you tomorrow. I thank you for your patience. Regardless of where you live, please take a few minutes to share about the game on Board Game Geek after you have had a chance to play. We have had one industrious backer who took the time to fully catalog every part of the game with high quality pictures, while others have contributed reviews or rules questions. While I would love to see everyone contribute lots on BGG, I realize you are all very busy. If you don't have time for anything else, please stop by long enough to rate the game. We have only 10 ratings so far and a game needs at least 30 before it gets a BGG rank and shows up on different lists. BGG is also the best place to go if you have any rules interpretation questions, as I try to drop by there every day or so. This will likely be my last formal update through Kickstarter for quite some time, but you can always reach me directly with any questions you may have. Thank you for your support and enjoy Builders of Blankenburg! Peter It is time (finally) The games have arrived, they look great, and they're headed out to you. The main shipment of Builders of Blankenburg reached the port of Los Angeles on time, cleared customs, and are now shipping out to US backers. By the time you read this, many of you will have already received a tracking number via email, and some may have already received their copy of the game. For those of you in the EU and Canada, we're hoping for shipments to start heading your way in about one week's time. As the games arrive, please feel free to drop me a line at <email> with any comments or rules questions you may have. You can also visit the Builders of Blankenburg page at Board Game Geek to share thoughts about the game and as a repository for any rules updates and other news. We are currently working on a German translation of the rules and will try to translate them into other languages as well over time. Thank you for your support in making this a reality. As you get ready to play your first game sometime soon, ask yourself: "What will you build?" Thanks, Peter All the copies of Builders of Blankenburg have departed the factory and are heading towards fulfillment centers. They are traveling by freighter from China to the US and France, depending on their final destination. For US and Canadian backers, the shipment departed on 1/9/16, with arrival due in Los Angeles on 1/24/16. From there it's up to a week to clear customs (hopefully less), and then anywhere from a couple days to a week to ship to you. For those of you on the other side of the pond in Europe, the freighter just left China on 1/12/16, with expected arrival in France on 2/4/16 (or should I say 4/2/16 for European dating conventions). It will again be about a week for customs and a week for shipping. Fulfillment is being handled by Ideaspatcher. Finally, for our Asian and Australian backers, games are shipping from a fulfillment center in China. I have already contacted you individually about shipping charges depending on destination, and games will start shipping in a couple of days. I'm excited to see this all wrapping up and hope you're all excited to get your hands on Builders of Blankenburg (finally)! I appreciate your support and understanding as we ran into some production delays earlier. Thanks again, Peter The Final Countdown Production is nearing completion, with all copies of the game expected to be ready within a few days. The first copy off the line was shipped out to us and received on Monday. Though the proof copy looked very nice, this is the first copy that included punch board tokens, specifically gold &amp; silver coins and the coats of arms. I must say they all look excellent and the die-cut was masterfully produced, since the tokens punch out very cleanly, with minimal effort. Here's a shot showing everything that comes in the box Close up of the player screens front and back Close up of all the tokens that come with the game If you have moved recently, please make sure to update your address so there are no difficulties when shipping your copy of Builders of Blankenburg. Those of you outside of the US, EU and Canada will have received additional communications regarding shipping charges, since they were not automatically calculated through Kickstarter. As always, thank you for your support in making Builders of Blankenburg a reality. If you know anybody who may be interested in the game, please direct them to the Cobblestone Games website . Pre-order pricing will remain in effect until the end of the year. Please feel free to contact me should you have any questions. Peter Greetings again. The past few months have been a struggle working with the manufacturer to get through the pre-production phase, but I'm glad to announce that mass production has now started. The physical proof copy that arrived last week looks great and for the first time I have been able to see Builders of Blankenburg complete with real cards, a professional board, and a proper box. Unfortunately, manufacturer delays during this process have pushed back our timeline to the extent that my planned delivery by Christmas is no longer possible. At this time, it looks as if backers will receive their copies of the game in early February. I continue to work with the manufacturer to try and expedite the process where possible. While I realize we had an aggressive time table, our files were all uploaded by the deadline we had been given and I fully expected the manufacturer to follow through on time as well. On a positive note, based on the proofs we received, everything is going to look excellent and be very high quality. Thank you again for your support. I apologize for the longer wait, but believe me, it'll be worth it. Peter As things continue to progress towards mass production, I thought I'd brighten up your Tuesday evening (or Wednesday morning in Europe) with the first shots of our Master Builder gold coins. As promised, these aren't your typical board game coins. Each coin is minted in full 3D on both sides. They are 1.25" in diameter and have a good heft to them. They even sound awesome when they clink together. When combined with extra large Master Builder resource cubes, these will make for a very impressive layout on the tabletop. The only downside to having these coins in the game is that nobody will ever want to spend them since they're so fun to hoard instead. I hope to have another production update for everyone soon. Thanks, Peter The manufacturing process continues apace for Builders of Blankenburg. Meanwhile, the upgraded components for the deluxe Master Builder edition are almost ready as well. The deluxe resource cubes are all on hand and looking great. Here's a shot of the Master Builder components next to their regular kin. Wood is still represented by wood cubes, but they're higher quality hardwood and will be stained when finished, unless you prefer to have natural wood similar to the regular game components. The stone cubes are gray granite blocks instead of wood painted gray. Glass is still represented by acrylic, though it's higher quality extruded and polished without any mold injection marks. Marble is actual white marble cubes instead of wood painted white and iron is represented with metal cubes. We plan to powder coat the metal cubes black so they are better aligned with the colors used in the game and are rust proof. However, they will be available unfinished as an option. With the five resources made of five different materials, it gives everything a wonderful uniqueness. Each component has a different weight and feels different in your hands. The gold coins for the Master Builder edition are in the process of being minted as well and I should have the completed coins available to share in about 3-4 weeks. These are full 3D minted coins and the artwork for the dies look amazing. The coins are approximately the size and weight of a US half dollar coin. To everyone who backed at the Master Builder level, congratulations. This will truly be a limited edition board game to capture the attention of anyone who plays it. Stay tuned and I should have an update of overall manufacturing progress in another week or two, along with an unboxing of the first production copy of the game in about a month or so. For anyone interested, there are still five Master Builders copies available; please let me know if you would like to upgrade your copy of the game. Thank you all for your support, Peter It's been a while since the last update, so I wanted to let you all know that we remain on target for December delivery. As you know all art for the game was completed a while ago and the full print and play was released to backers. Currently, we are in the process of reviewing the the final proofs of the game so we can move on to mass production. All sourced components have passed our inspection, including the custom dice which we received last week and turned out great. Given the amount of portrait art completed for the game, we thought a medieval deck of playing cards would be a fun idea as well. Since we already have a larger project underway, producing a deck of playing cards with the same manufacturer is reasonably priced, and can ship out with the board game for a minimal expense. Production times for a simple deck of cards is also much shorter than for a board game, so the deck of cards would actually be ready sooner than the game, though we would ship together for efficiency. If for some reason there were delays in completing the deck of cards, we would still ship Builders of Blankenburg on time as soon as it is completed. That said, here is a shot of what the cards look like, featuring art on all cards, not just royalty. We will be launching a quick, 10-day Kickstarter for the Blankenburg playing cards on 9/8/15. The deck is only $9, with free shipping for those of you who have previously backed for a physical copy of Builders of Blankenburg. We are including BoB promo cards for backers of the playing cards, as well as offering a combo backer level that includes the board game and playing cards for those who missed out the first time. As noted earlier, we did not start looking into this deck of cards until all art for Builders of Blankenburg was completed and uploaded to the manufacturer, to ensure it does not affect production times. I hope you see it as an opportunity to get an inexpensive deck of custom playing cards, plus some promo cards that will only be available at conventions later on. Thank you again for your support, Peter Cobblestone Games now has a website up and running and Builders of Blankenburg is available for pre-order. You can check it out at www.CobblestoneGames.net if you're interested and pass it on to your friends who missed out on the campaign. Pre-production is moving forward fast and furious as we sign off on components and finalize artwork for everything from the dice to the board. For those of you who looked at the last print and play update, you'll have seen almost all of the citizens, visitors and events. Don't worry, the structures haven't been neglected. After plotting things out, we have been able to increase the size of the structure cards to full poker card size and still fit them all on the board. Here's the updated front side of the board: The back side of the board is almost complete as well, featuring additional dual purpose plots on which two types of structures can be built. This allows for a twist when playing a 4-player game, along with a less hectic 5-player experience. We are also beginning to test the back side of the board for a 6-player game and have managed to fit a sixth set of coat of arms tokens onto the punch boards to allow for this. As you can see on the board above, we have tried to remove unnecessary text where possible and have color coded the districts. Here are a few of the newer structure cards: Everything remains on track at this time for a December delivery in advance of Christmas. Within the next week or so the final print and play release will come out featuring all the finalized art. As always, please feel free to share your thoughts with me regarding any of these updates. I appreciate your support and involvement in the process. After all, without you this wouldn't exist. Thanks, Peter Hello everyone, I hope you're all having an enjoyable weekend. Kickstarter wrapped up funding about a week and a half ago and we have been working hard to complete more art and prepare for production. I have been in contact with the manufacturer to get the final contract in hand and signed, and hope to begin uploading art as of next week. Here's some of the more recently completed art, which will be included in the next print and play update mid-month. For those of you who have had a chance to play the game, please let me know your thoughts and any rules questions you may have. We continue to play test the game to ensure newly added visitor and event cards interact smoothly with each other and maintain the balance in the game. In addition, I am working on getting a website up and running to allow for pre-orders of the game and to serve as another source of information beyond the Kickstarter page. I'll try to keep these updates to a minimum, only posting during milestones to avoid overloading your inbox. Enjoy some more recent game art (don't worry, we are adding a second Z to the blizzard). I appreciate you support and your engagement in the production process. Peter After a wild roller coaster of a final 48 hours, you can all give yourselves a pat on the back for making Builders of Blankenburg a reality. It's truly humbling that hundreds of people who have never met me have faith in me and this project. I plan to repay you by delivering a beautiful game that will be frequently welcomed at your gaming table. Over the next week I'll be sending out surveys through Kickstarter to collect your contact information for shipping, plus pictures from our immortality backers to start their artwork. In addition, I'll be putting together the current print and play to send out, which I will then continue to update on a monthly basis. Having not gone through all this previously, I'm not sure if there's anything else I should mention at this time, but I'm sure somebody will point out if I forgot something important. Thank you all for your support, Peter Schultz As we sit here on the cusp of funding at the 11th hour, I was looking over the quotes I've received from the manufacturer regarding various stretch goals. While I realize we may still have a magical final day, the odds of reaching the higher stretch goals are slim. Therefore, to recognize all of your loyal support for this project, I am including more in the regular edition of the game. Specifically, we are updating all cards to a linen finish and providing a double sided game board. This will make the game look even classier on the table and the double sided board will allow for different strategies and a 5-player game that more closely resembles that of 2-4 players. I truly want Builders of Blankenburg to end up as something special, and I feel these included upgrades move us another step in that direction. As for other easily reached stretch goals, we only need 28 more fans at Board Game Geek to unlock another visitor, or 31 more likes on Facebook to unlock two more event cards. You know your friends owe you a favor or two - call them in now. Thank you all for you continued support and sharing my passion for this game. We have crossed the magic line into the final 48 hours of the campaign. Hopefully out of the thousands of people who checked out the page, many are receiving their reminder emails and will find their way back here to help push us over the finish line. The first post-funding stretch goal is only an extra $1,000 and we are 37 BGG fans and 36 Facebook likes away from additional social stretch goals. If you've been thinking of adding an extra copy of the game, or potentially upgrading to the Master Builder edition or an immortality package, now is the time. If just a fraction of our backers increase their bids we will be funded in no time. I had the pleasure of bringing Builders of Blankenburg to one of our local gaming stores, The Gaming Attic, tonight. We played a game with the owner of the store and some other regulars and a good time was had by all. Scoring was tight throughout until the endgame, with plenty of opportunities for players to bless or curse their fortunes, like when one player just built a second tower, only to see both damaged as an earthquake struck the town. I'm hoping to see some of the guys who tried it out join the list of backers shortly. Thank you all for your continued support. We're so close to the goal and it's all thanks to you! It's coming down to the wire, but we are closing in on being fully funded with about four days to go. Thank you all for your support! We have under $3,000 to go at this point. If you have been thinking of adding an additional copy of the game to your pledge, now is a great time to do so. Reaching our funding goal ahead of the final 48 hours mark will help us get a big closing push and allow us to reach stretch goals as well. We are also gaining ground towards our Facebook and Board Game Geek goals. As of this posting, we need only 39 more Facebook page likes and 40 more Board Game Geek fans to reach the next two goals. Continue sharing Builders of Blankenburg with your friends and we're sure to reach our goal in dramatic fashion. Things are starting to pick up again and we are on track to fund in the next two weeks. If we can reach funded status by the final 48 hours, I think we'll see a big push from all those who have been hanging out at the sidelines watching. However, there are two stretch goals in sight already. To reach our Facebook goal, we only need 84 more people to like the Builders of Blankenburg Facebook page . The Board Game Geek goal is even closer, with only 17 more fans needed on our Board Game Geek entry . Meeting these two goals will add an extra two visitor and event cards to the game for everyone to enjoy. The likes and fans don't need to be backers, so pass it on to your friends as well. Also, if any of you were thinking of adding extra copies of the game to your pledge, adding now will help boost our funding and entice others to jump on board as well. I thank you all for your support and believing in this game and I am fully confident we will end up funding. Way to go everyone, we have passed the 50% mark on funding! We're less than 4 days in during a holiday weekend and increasing funding daily. It seems that I set the Facebook and Board Game Geek goals too high. While I would still love to see that level of exposure for Builders of Blankenburg, I want all of you who supported early to have an accessible goal to add to the game. Therefore, the Facebook and BGG goals are being cut in half, to 250 FB likes and 50 BGG fans. Also, I noticed that nobody has been taking advantage of add-on copies of the game. That could be due to lack of recognition, or the pricing being too high, so I'm correcting both at once. Backers of any level of physical game copy can add on up to three extra copies at wholesale pricing of only $30 each. Thank you for your support and enthusiasm. We've just passed the 36 hour mark on the campaign and are at 150 backers and over $8,000 raised. Not too shabby for what is a holiday weekend here in the US. We've uploaded some more card art to the campaign and have put together a YouTube video featuring a parody of Queen's "Who wants to live forever" to raise awareness for the immortality packages. Have a look, have a laugh, and share it with others. We've been able to maintain positive momentum and are looking in better shape to fund this time around. I welcome all of your feedback, so please share comments or message me regarding your thoughts on our stretch goals, the art, rules, how frequently I should post updates, etc. Thank you for your support. Thank you all for your first day support. I see a number of familiar names from our original launch, along with plenty of new ones. As has been mentioned in the comments, we are in a better position than we were at this time before. We have a Board Game Geek home page takeover scheduled for tomorrow to help maintain momentum during this holiday weekend. I'm sure you hear it on every project you back, but I do appreciate your support, and I also honestly appreciate if you can spread the word about the game to your friends. It's getting late here in the US, but we will hopefully gain more traction in the European market as another day dawns there. Since tomorrow is Saturday, I'll have plenty of time to post other updates and will be sharing some new game art as well. Thanks, Peter