Hello Backers, It is with great happiness we announce the first round of Hydration Shirts are shipping to you today. Short Sleeve Black Hydration Shirts are shipping throughout the U.S. today, the Long Sleeve Black Hydration Shirts will ship to U.S. backers tomorrow, and all International Black Hydration Shirts will be shipping in the next 3-5 days!!! If you still have not filled out your survey please send us your measurements so we can get your Hydration Shirt in the mail too! Grey, Blue, and Pink Hydration Shirts are scheduled to hit our office in the next couple of weeks and will be shipped out the day they arrive! Please contact us with any questions or needs, and send us those surveys!!!! Thanks as always for your support! Doug, Justin, J.D. Hi everyone! It has been a while since we posted an update, so I wanted to bring you up to speed. We have been working with acquiring materials and finalizing designs over the past month, and as we get our hands on these materials, we will take you through every part of the production process with regular weekly updates. For a lot of you, this might be more detail than you ever hoped for, but we hope to give you some insight into American manufacturing, all the pieces that have to come together to make a great product, and the challenges you have to overcome along the way. We’re hoping that in doing so, you will work with us to come up with better and more innovative ways of thinking so we can find even more ways to increase human performance without any athletic compromise. For those of you who have filled out surveys and sent comments, thank you. We have all of your information logged and systematized. We understand between now and shipment date addresses and information can change, so we will make sure to follow up with you right up until shipment. For those who ordered a Hydration Shirt and have yet to fill out the survey, please take a couple seconds to fill it out so we can be sure to get the color and size right for you. Colors are a special feature for our backers, so unless you return your survey to request a particular color, Hydration Shirts will come in our original jet black. Two other notes: if you are interested in adding additional shirts onto your order at any point between now and the end of the month, you can do this on the Qore Performance website , and if you have any questions or want to change your survey responses at all, please email us at <email>. Thanks everyone, and talk to you soon! J.D. Good afternoon Backers, Thank you to everyone who has responded with your Surveys! If you have not completed your Survey, please return it to us at your earliest convenience so we can get your Hydration Shirts into production. Thanks again, Team Qore Performance Hello Backers. All of our Surveys just went out. Check your email so we can get your Hydration Shirts into production!!! Thanks again for all of your support! Thanks to your invaluable support, The Hydration Shirt is going to be a reality soon! We are so grateful that you put your trust in us to bring The Hydration Shirt to life. We'll be sending the survey out soon. PLEASE respond to it as soon as you are able. The sooner we get all the replies back, the sooner we can move production forward. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! V/R, Justin &amp; The Qore Performance Team With only 28 hours to go, we wanted to give every Hydration Shirt owner an extra special reason to share our project with your friends. We are hoping to hit two major milestones before our campaign comes to a close: 300 backers and 25k raised...and we want to reward you when we get there! For each of these milestone we hit, we will send everyone who purchased The Hydration Shirt one extra HydraQore Insert for FREE. So if we hit both, you will get an additional pair of HydraQore Inserts on us ($40 value)! Please spread the word and share our campaign, we are almost there so let's keep pushing. You guys are amazing! Thank you to everyone who has supported us thus far, please continue to share our campaign so we can bring our Stretch Goals to life! You have been crushing it! We wanted to share this quick video we made with you, highlighting the process of making The Hydration Shirt. Hope you enjoy! <url>" x 8" x 8") Limited Edition Trucker Hat Special Thank You card addressed to your gift recipient Detailed Booklet highlighting all the features and details of The Hydration Shirt ***If you've also added the Hydration Shorts, those will arrive in this box as well! All you have to do is pledge, add only $15, and message us the name of the person who The Hydration Shirt and Gift Box are for, and you'll be a superstar this holiday season! After working with Kickstarter, we were able to significantly lower the International Shipping for the Final two packages. Both the "Early Bird Special on the Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt - $69" and the "No Days Off Package - $219" have been marked as sold out, and new versions of the exact same Rewards have been opened with the correct International Shipping Costs. As a thank you, and for the inconvenience, we are offering 16 additional Early Bird Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt Systems in the new package. Thank you again for all of your support! Thank you to everyone who helped us lower the rates to get our Hydration Shirts shipped Internationally! All International Shipping Rates have been reduced by almost 50%. We have reached out to all of our current International backers individually to get your packages reduced as well. The Early Bird Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt ($69 pledge) and The No Days Off Package ($219 pledge) are the only outstanding packages to update international shipping rates, and will be changed as soon as our current backers respond. Thank you to everyone for your patience and your help! Please post your Comments or send us a Message with any additional questions or concerns. Note: Canadian rates were previously adjusted, so this applies to the rest of the world. After some awesome advice and help from one of our early backers, we figured out how to separate Canadian shipping from standard International Shipping costs. So if you have any awesome friends up North, please share our campaign with them, as it is now affordable for them to receive it! Thanks for your help and support! Hello Hydration Heroes! THANK YOU so much for your tremendous support these first 24 hours! It is one heck of a ride and we can't do it without you! We are almost 50% backed so far and we are heading into hour 25! Your help is tremendously important to our effort. If you backed our project, we would really appreciate it if you could share it with your friends and family. You can share our campaign with your friends, family and anyone who you think would be interested with just two clicks! <url>