Just a quick note to let you know that the games shipped last week and they are on their way to you now. We will send you an e-mail today that includes your FedEx tracking number. Once you get the game, play it and take some fun photos. We are giving away $100 to the person who posts the photo with the most likes + shares and tags us on Twitter @NextBigThingBG or on Facebook &amp; Instagram @NextBigThingBoardGame. Contest ends Nov 15th. We can't wait to hear how you like the game! Please let us know if you have any questions. Thank you! Jenna &amp; Sky We are extremely excited to announce that the inventory of the board game will arrive into the ports of New York on Aug 31st, and will then be brought to our distribution center by Sept 10th. We received these estimated arrival dates today from the ship carrying our inventory, which has been on a 30+ day boat ride across the ocean from our manufacturer. Shortly after the inventory arrives at our distribution center we will start shipping the orders to you. If you need to update the shipping address that we have for you, please do so now. We will be sending all of the address info to our distribution center this Friday so they will have time to set everything up well in advance of the inventory's arrival to ensure that shipping will be smooth and efficient. We're excited to share with you that the first edition of the board game has now been printed and being shipped in July from our manufacturer to our distribution center. Yaay! Once the games arrive at the distribution center they will be shipped to your address. We can't express how exciting this news is for us (and we hope for you too!). As a special gift to our Kickstarter backers, we would like to to give you a 20% off discount code that you can use to buy a 2nd or 3rd game as a gift or spread the word to your close friends and family. This limited time offer is only for our Kickstarter backers (plus your friends and family) and for games pre-ordered between now and the end of July. Here's our website where you can pre-order additional copies of the game: <url>"KICKSTARTER" for your discount. This will be a great summer board game to break open and play with your friends and family. We look forward to hearing your stories and seeing photos of you playing the game. The current and future founders of "the next big thing" will be playing this game, and inspiring more people to become entrepreneurs for years to come. Thank you again for your support. We will be sending out another update when we know the exact date when the games will start shipping to you from our distribution center. Jenna &amp; Sky Great news! The final prototypes of the board game have arrived from the manufacturer and have been reviewed and approved, which means that we can now begin the printing of the games for our Kickstarter backers! We will be receiving exact shipping dates soon and will provide an update once the manufacturer gives us the expected date of delivery. We can't wait to get the games to you! Here's a photo of the final prototype box, playing cards, and money! Wanted to give you all a quick update and let you know that we've been hard at work improving the game since the Kickstarter Campaign ended. We are now ready to send the game to the printers and we have also selected a fulfillment partner so we can make sure that the games get to you safely and quickly once printing is done. We will follow-up soon with surveys so we can collect all the information we need to fulfill not only sending the games to you, but also any other items that you ordered - custom game cards, entry into online classes, meetings with a VC, game play parties, etc. The Next Big Thing board game is now successfully funded and we want to give a HUGE thank you for all of your AMAZING support! We ended up at 189% funded and never could have done that without all of you. Next steps, we will send out a survey to you in the next few days to gather info so we can get your games to you (and/or other items you ordered). Then we will get the game to the board game printers ASAP and we'll keep you posted on the estimated date it should arrive at your home or office. Thank you! The Next Big Thing Team (Jenna &amp; Sky) Hi Everyone, In case you'd like to give "The Next Big Thing" board game for the holidays I've created a gift card that you can print and give as a place holder until the game is sent in April 2016. Here's the link to the gift card on Dropbox: <url>