Hello everyone, Well the bi-weekly update is being posted here since our main site is down. Most of the features we have been testing have been been working great, so the site will only be down for a few more days. The last update was all about the alpha and all the details revolving around it. So, this update will outline our schedule before the alpha launch. February: Website: We will be launching the official website for the game. The main site will be the place to find all news and updates surrounding the game. It will also host the forums, member/player profiles, and group pages for the game. Our studio website will also be redesigned. The new site will have our dev blog, and be a place to connect with our developers. This will be happening the later half of February. Content: We will be releasing quite a few pictures of the game along with the official site late February. Our new and very awesome lead artist Momo has been working hard to create some astounding visuals for the game, so we will be showing these off in February. The pictures will be quite close to what everyone will be playing in the alpha. March: Demo: In early march, we will be releasing a small weapons demo for all Kickstarter backers. This demo will allow you to use some of the weapons included in the game, and let you experience the weapon system. This demo will also allow you to see how well the game performs on your system, giving us information to help improve performance in the alpha test. It's not a big demo, but it should give you a taste of what is to come. Videos: In late March, we will be releasing a few gameplay videos. More information on them will come soon. That's the overview for what's coming between now and the alpha test. The alpha test will launch early April. You can find more info on the alpha test on update #28. Also, I know that some of you still don't check our site, so here are two pictures we posted quite a while ago. Contact: We have noticed that a lot of people have been trying to contact us through comments. Unfortunately, we don't receive any kind of notification when you leave comments, so here is how you can better contact us. If you have a short question, or need an answer in a jiffy, then just tweet us @RedWinterGames. If you have a longer question or would like to have a better conversation with us, then either use the "Contact us" form on the main site, or email us at "<email>". Lastly, I wanted to write a bit of a personal note. I will be leaving the team due to some unfortunate circumstances. It would probably be better if I went off quietly, but I wanted to write this so I could thank everyone for their support. You backers have made that little idea I had in my head into reality. I truly want to thank everyone that has supported the project. Even though the Kickstarter was small, it really got the game rolling and helped me grow an entire team of developers, and lead the team into better situations. So all in all thank you. Also, don't worry about the studio. The team size will still be at eight wonderful devs, and I have recently been in and out due to personal reasons, and the team has always performed well even when I wasn't at the helm. Nick and Kris will now be taking over that helm. Nick will now be writing the updates, and Kris will be taking over the role of twitter master. I hope that in future I will have a chance to re-join the team, and play this amazing game with you all. Thanks, -Micah Hi everyone, Well now that the new kickstarter has ended, we are finally ready to reveal the details for the alpha. We are also sorry for being a bit quiet the past few weeks. We were able to attract a private investor and a new artist, which meant that we had to design an entirely new schedule. So, now on to the alpha. We will begin alpha testing in early April. Alpha testing will come before the public alpha, and will be exclusive to Kickstarter backers. The alpha test will be broken into these three stages: - Stage One: Base systems and functions. This stage will include city generation and the infection simulation within the city. Most weapons will be available. -Stage Two: Extended features. This stage will include weapon and item crafting, construction features, vehicles, and terrain generation for exploration outside the city. -Stage Three: Customization features. This stage will include limited character customization, map editor, and various options to customize. This stage will also add features based on feedback from previous stages. The alpha will start with stage one and when we feel it is solid, we will move onto the next stages. We are doing this so that we can test our base game, because we don't want to start piling on more features if the base game is no good. If we don't feel a stage is performing well, we will have the ability to hold off on the next stage(s), so that we can fix it. So when can you start to play? - All backers that pledged $25 or more will be able to start playing on stage one. -All backers that pledged $15 or more will be able to play on stage two. If stage one needs work, and we are forced to delay stage two, we will allow $15 backers to start at a later time on stage one. - On stage three, all backers of our new kickstarter will have the ability to purchase a copy of the game, and gain access to the alpha test. We are expecting the alpha test to last a total of two months. After this time, the game will officially enter its alpha stage, and will be available for the public to purchase. Well, that's all we have to share about it for now. We will continue to release details in our biweekly Infection Simulation Saturday updates. Lastly, we want to answer a question we know will be receiving. Why April for the alpha? We know that it's a bit far, but we want to deliver the game we have promising, and that game takes time to develop. With a new artist and investor, we now have the time and talent to really take the game to a new level. We also don't want to follow the recent trend of alphas, which only have "promised features" and terrible performance. Thanks, -The Red Winter Team Well it’s been around a year since we first started development, and with the new Kickstarter launching in a few days we thought it would be a good idea to post a dev update. Almost all of the team has gathered to talk about the past year, and pool some of our thoughts into this update. Now I apologize in advance for the format and organization of this post. I thought it would be better idea just to write down all our thoughts as we go, instead of having to edit out a ton of stuff and make it “proper”(insert British accent). So lets start this thing. We know that the past year hasn’t been the greatest for the community. Delays have definitely been plentiful, and we haven’t shown very much of the game. The biggest reasons for this has been the game’s growth, and us trying to run the studio like a triple-A studio. When we launched the Kickstarter, the game was quite small and had a few main concepts. We were originally planning to have the first testing early this year. However, when we started getting close to the those dates, we started noticing that a few of the game’s main concepts were falling apart or were just plain boring. Our artist had also deserted us shortly after, which also meant the game wasn’t too pretty. The game was simply boring, buggy, and ugly when we reached the testing date. As you probably know, this isn’t a good thing. We certainly had the option to release the game in pre-alpha and ride the “it sucks only because it’s in pre-alpha” bandwagon that we are starting to see all too often, but we decided it would be better to delay it until the summer. We decided to start the game in a new direction, and began developing many new and larger concepts. The team also expanded to 5-8 people. With the new direction and a larger team, we were doing great. The game was finally starting to take true shape, and most importantly, it was fun. The good times did not last long unfortunately. We were coming close to the summer testing dates, and the game was nowhere near the state we wanted it to be. As we had already delayed it once, Nick and I made the decision to rush the game to get it ready for launch. Not a good idea. We started programming, programming, and programming to get the game ready for the summer release. As some of you might remember, we did a small test with a few members of the community. The game was a buggy mess from the rushed coding, and we had to pull the plug on testing. At that point Nick and I had to sit down, and really look at the studio’s performance. We faced the facts, and had to stop trying to run the studio like a triple-A studio. We needed a more versatile team that could adapt to certain things when we needed them to. We needed engineers to be able to drift towards design and art, and have our designers to work more with the engineers and have a larger focus on art. We also knew that we couldn’t promise release dates or big reveals anymore, as development is going to be somewhat unpredictable. Most of our problems this year seemed to be caused by our inexperience. As our first commercial game, we had a lot to learn. We had a few moments where we thought we were too deep in the hole with the game, and felt the studio was going down. However, we have finally made it out of the hole we were in for a while, and development is going a whole lot better. We now have a bigger and better game than we originally set out to make, and a studio that isn’t going anywhere for a long time. We know that this doesn’t make us look the best, but we want to be honest about how development has been and how it is now. We most importantly want to make it clear that the worst is (hopefully) behind us, and development is now going very smoothly now. Now to talk about the new Kickstarter. We never expected to be launching another Kickstarter, but we feel that it’s the best choice for the game. Here are some of the reasons broken down: Funding- This is the biggest reason for the Kickstarter. while we have most necessities covered, we need funding to pay for artists, music, hardware, and software. A lot people seemed worried that if the Kickstarter failed, we would shut down. This is not the case at all. The funding is to speed up development, and have a better game. We will NOT shut down without this funding. Publicity- Kickstarter is a great way to get in front of tons of people, and a bigger community will definitely benefit the game. It will help “kickstart” the community(pun intended), and will help with getting the game on services like Steam. A second chance- The first Kickstarter was ill planned and conducted, so we would like this Kickstarter to be what the first one should have been. We would love to be able to get backers proper rewards, and set all the info straight on the game. We truly thank everyone that has stuck with us this past year. We read every e-mail we receive, and it really means a lot to us when we receive feedback and e-mails from the community. We hope that the Kickstarter goes great, and we are looking forward to this coming year. Thanks! -The Red Winter Team Hello everyone, I just posted a new update on our main website, you can check it out here: <url>’ll be seeing in the gameplay trailer on the 31st. This first image shows two models from the military aspect of the game. As the infection worsens, you will see the military start to take action inside the city. Tanks will try to take control of chaotic situations. The tents will host military personal or will be used medical tents for infected. These are two common weapons that can be found in the game. The first is a stand Colt 1911, and the second is a M16. The 1911 can be found just about anywhere, while the M16 is primarily found on dead military personal and military bases. Both weapons can be used with the oil can suppressor we showed off a few weeks ago. I know this image is a little old, however I don’t believe many people actually saw it on the old website. This was the early version of our map editor, since then it has advanced greatly. So, this image shows the terrain development, and the size at which maps can be created. We added a standard size shipping container on the map so you can see how expansive the map really is. Since we have a bit of extra time on the kickstarter, we will be adding a video of the map editor at work in the gameplay trailer. So now to the kickstarter rewards. These rewards will be given to all original backers if the new kickstarter is funded. Higher tier backers get everything below them. $15 – Extra copy of the game $25 – Digital soundtrack + TIS art &amp; strategy PDF $35 – Additional copy of game $45 – New Poster (28 x 22 in) $65 – New t-shirt choice $100 – Additional t-shirt $250 – Signed physical copy of game + Name business We hope these get everyone excited for the kickstarter. The poster and t-shirts designs will be shown next week. One of our close friends is opening a t-shirt business, and has volunteered to help us with the t-shirt designs and printing. So we are very excited to reveal those. Now I know what your thinking, where is the video? Well I’m going to be completely honest with you about the video. I recorded it last night, however it ended up being about 40 min. of me rambling about nothing and same “umm” a lot. Nick and Kris both told me to re-do the video, so I decided that I’m going to make three parts for the video. I’ll release the first part on Monday, which I’ll talk about what’s been happening with the game since the first kickstarter. These videos really mean a lot to the team, so I want to do them right. I’m sorry, and hope everyone understands. I hope that everyone likes this update, and I’ll have the video and a bit more info on Monday. Thanks! Hello everyone! Yesterday we celebrated finishing the kickstarter and greenlight pages, by watching the Perseid meteor shower with some good cigars. Unfortunately, we woke up today only to find that there’s a problem with the payment information on the kickstarter page. We are being told it could take up to 30th for everything to be approved. So right now we will be moving the kickstarter and greenlight to the 31st. However, if we are approved earlier, we will release it earlier. The sneak peek was suppose to be released today, but it will now be moved to the 15th. We are just as frustrated as you, but we hope everyone can hold on a bit longer. For the sneak peek, we will be showing a few models you will see in the trailer for the kickstarter. In addition, I will be making a quick video explaining a few things about the game, kickstarter, and future plans. We will also be releasing info on the kickstarter rewards that original backers may receive. Lastly, we want to ask for volunteers to become moderators for the site. The traffic to the site will be increasing as kickstarter and greenlight launch, so we would like to keep the site nice and spiffy. So please contact us if you are interested. Just remember, “With great power, comes great responsibility”. Get some fresh air and watch the Perseids. See everyone on the 15th! -Micah I haven't posted an update in a while, so I wanted to let everyone know that we are still alive and working hard. We are still on schedule for the big events on August 15, and also have some sneak peeks coming before it. For the past week, we have been working hard on getting the trailers and pictures done for the kickstarter and greenlight. Recently we announced we were going to be doing some dev diaries, and while we have some ideas of our own, we wanted to get a few of yours. So, if you have some ideas you would like us to talk about in the videos, just leave us a comment or shoot us a message. Thanks, -Micah Just wanted to let everyone know that the new website is up. You can find it at <url>"can o' beans"? Well farming might be the thing for you! Players will be able to find seeds and tools in the rural areas. The farming system will work very similarly to the systems in Harvest Moon and Minecraft. You will have to use a hoe to till a block of land, then plant the seeds and water them. Farming can be a great way to keep survivors alive. However, farms can easily fail if you don't keep good care of them. Farms also seems to attract bandits and other scavengers. Survivors in the city will have a chance to find "farming pods", which will allow them to grow food inside the city. We will talk about the "farming pods" and the different plant levels when in the RPG update. Hunting: Been eating potatoes for the last two months? Well hunting might be the thing for you! Most animals will not be affected by the infection, which means you can eat them. So far we have five different animals to hunt, with more on the way. We are putting a fair amount of time into the animal a.i. and the hunting system. This means that animal will move around the map and react to noise. A deer will bolt if it sees and, and a squirrel will scurry up a tree. Hunting will take patience and stealth. Zombies will also be a huge concern while hunting. They will be after animals and you. We will talk about the crafting materials in the RPG update. Energy: Sick of having to start a fire everyday? Well energy harvesting might be the thing for you! The power will go out soon after the infection starts. Players will be able to find generators, solar panels, and small wind turbines to generate power. This power can be used to power lights, electrify fences, or power any other devices you might find. At first you will be having to find wood and start fires. However, if you work hard enough you will be able to generate power and harvest the many benefits. We will talk more about the power system in the RPG update. The rural areas will be procedurally generated just like the main city. The area will also feature many different terrains. The area will be populated with farms, small towns, forests, ponds, and many other things. Players will have a chance to take advantage of the building system and create the perfect farm, safe house, bandit hideout, or any other place you want. Vehicles will also be major assets in the area. Just be careful though, large groups of zombies will migrate around the map. Sorry, but we don't have much to show in this update. Lately we haven't had much time to work on the visuals, as we are working out bugs and trying to get everything up and running so we can start testing soon. We have also started on the map editor. Originally we planned to start it in the beta, but we just couldn't resist working on it. The map editor should make its way into the alpha. Well that's all we have for this week's update. The next few updates may be a little short as we are trying to get ready for testing, greenlight, and the trailers. However, you might have noticed the RPG update mentioned above. There will be RPG elements in the game, and we want to have an update featuring them soon. We will give more info very soon. If you have any questions about the features we talked about in the update, please post them in the forums. See everyone next week! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone! Last week we asked everyone to submit their questions to us and now it is time for the answers. 1. How large will each city be? The main city will be around 1000m x 1000m. The smaller cities can range from 200m x 200m to 500m x 500m. These are not exact measurements and can be much bigger or smaller, since the cities/towns will be randomly generated. We will be including information on populations in the near future. 2. Can you win the game by killing all of the zombies? Yes and no. There will be an option to turn off zombie spawns. This will give a more realistic and "hardcore" experience. However, zombie spawns will be a part of the standard game mode. 3. Do all players spawn in proximity to one another? All players will spawn in the main city. From there, you will have to find you friends and make groups with other players before the city starts spiraling into chaos. 4. What will the alpha tests contain and when will they start? The alpha tests will be focusing on multiplayer. The main things we want to focus on is squashing bugs, balancing, and network performance. The first alpha tests will be starting late June. We will have more information on them in the coming weeks. Well those are the only questions we received (minus the multiple similar questions). We hope that this update answered some of the questions you had. We will do another Q&amp;A update closer to release. Later today we will be opening up an alpha test sign-up page for anyone interested in testing the game. Kickstarter members will have access to alpha tests, so they will not be required to sign-up. The sign up page will be inside the "game" section. We are truly excited about next weeks update. The update will talk about the new art style and the new features we have been working on for the game. Sneak peak: huge rural area outside city to explore. Farming. Electricity. That's all we are going to tell you right now. Please come back next Wednesday to check out the new features and some of the concept art we have done for them. See everyone next week! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone! It is finally Wednesday, and the start of the weekly updates. In this update we wanted to talk about the art style of the game, alpha testing, and spraypaints. So lets get started. Recently we have been working on the visuals for the game. However, we have been struggling to define the unique and pleasing art style we set off to design. Last week we had shown the "placeholder" assets as a result of the struggle with the visuals. Unfortunately, this weekend we had to make the very hard decision of scrapping the visuals and starting over with a new concept. Having to start over on something is always hard, but we feel it is necessary to create a better game. The original style we had been working on was for a modern city. However, it just made the city feel average, like any other zombie game. While this of course will cause a delay, it won't be a big delay at all thanks to the city generation system. We are currently working on completely fleshing out the new concept, and will start working on the new assets soon. The new city style and design will take the game to a new level, and will provide the game with a unique look and feel. Now onto Alpha testing. We are working towards having the game submitted to Steam's greenlight service at the end of June. While we are waiting for the communities vote on the game, we would love to have closed alpha tests. These tests would help fix some of the bugs and balance issues in the multiplayer before releasing the game. Next week we will have an alpha sign-up page for anyone interested. Kickstarter backers will automatically be entered into the tests. Well that's all we have for this week. While this weeks update lacked the pictures, we promise to have all concept art and pictures of the new assets starting on the 22nd. As for next weeks update, we wanted to do a Q&amp;A update to answer some of the questions that have been coming up. Please submit any questions you want to be in the update through the form on the homepage. Some info on the new city style will also be a part of next weeks update. Lastly, we received a suggestion for sprays so the groups can mark territory. We just added the feature, and are looking forward to seeing the groups grow. We are still be asked about where the website is, you can find it here: <url>"in the dark development", meaning we will not be posting anything of the game yet. However, starting in April we will begin to unveil the game. That means we will start showing screenshots and gameplay(maybe even some cool trailers). This will continue until the alpha is released in June/July. The year will then be rounded out with the beta in the winter. April: unveil. June/July: Alpha release. Winter: Beta release. While we originally had planned for small alpha/beta tests and then the official launch later this year, we feel the new plan will work better. The game will able to be pre-purchased in June/July, to receive instant access to the alpha. The alpha will then turn into the beta this winter. This will enable us to get the game into your hands much faster, and also allow us to develop the game with the community. The game will be put onto Steam's green light service in June so we can have the alpha on steam. We are happy with the new schedule, and excited to start playing the alpha with everyone! Lastly we wanted to give a quick update on the Kick starter rewards. We received the t-shirts and posters, but unfortunately the company did an absolutely terrible job with the designs. So we decided to just order new ones. We want everyone to look great when they are wearing them! They should be shipped to everyone next week. Since we have changed the release of the game, we will be giving everyone that received tiers with beta and alpha access extra free copies of the game, and extra free goodies. Well that is all we have to share right now, but we cannot wait to share more soon. We would appreciate everyone liking our Facebook page and following us on Twitter so we can give quick updates, and notify you when we do have updates. Thanks! -The Red Winter team Hello everyone, The website has finally arrived! We are sorry for the long wait. We have also changed our name to Red Winter Games. From now on we will be posting all updates on the website. We are looking forward to talking to some of you on the forums. To go onto the forums, you will have to register an account on the site. Thank you for being patient, and we are happy to have a place to connect with you. Thanks! -The Red Winter team <url>"everything you have, you must find in game" policy, or will you be based on a freemium model? A. The game will NOT be based on a freenium model. If you buy the game you get everything included in it. We will not be selling items or anything similar for the game. Q. What will you do to avoid what happens in many other games like this one, for example, day z or the war z, this unfortunate events include but are not limited to: 1.Hacking 2.Players just going around shooting everything 3.Players just shooting you on sight 4.Game breaking lag A. 1&amp;2. The game will have dedicated servers, which will give admins the power to keep most hackers and trolls out of severs. 3. There will be nothing stopping people from shooting on sight. Though, in the beginning of the game, if you start hitting/shooting people the police and other civilians will try to kill you. Later in the game if you start killing, you will be labeled as a "bandit" and other players and a.i. will be able to see this. We want to discourage it in a way but not stop it. 4. We are constantly optimizing the game as best as we can, and will keep out as much lag as possible. Q. How how rpg or action oriented is the infection simulation going to be, is it going to be full on rpg like project Zomboid, for example, will it be a mix like Fallout 3, or will it be almost completely action based like Deus ex or a regular FPS? A. The game is definitely a mix of action and rpg. You're able to smash zombie heads in and shoot other players in the face, but your also able to build, craft, and progress your character. We are constantly trying to balance between a first person action game and an rpg. We want players to have those great blood pumping action moments, but also have to think and plan with the rpg elements. Q. Will the game have single player or LAN? A. Yes! The game will have an offline mode where you can play alone or start a LAN party with your friends. Q. How varied and complex will the city generation be? A. The cities will be very varied(couldn't resist). The cities layouts are completely randomized, so every map will feel different. In addition, the game will also feature "china town" which will be a second type of city for you to try to survive in. Beneath the cities will be an underground metro which will also have a random layout. Q. Will this game be released on steam? A. We are hoping to have the game released on steam, but that is going to require us to go through steam greenlight ahve have the community vote on it. We will have the game on steam greenlight once the it reaches the alpha stage. We hope we answered you questions well. We didn't want to make the update too long, so we left out a few questions for a future update. If you felt we didn't quite go in-depth enough on a question. Just leave us a comment and we will try to be more thorough. So what have we been up to? The last two weeks Zack has been working on the civilian and zombie a.i. Civilians are better at forming groups and building together now. The zombies now respond to sounds and bright lights. Aaron has been doing a lot of tweaking on the standard city, and has started on the generation of china town. Micah and Bret have on started textures and have been tweaking the lighting and the day/night systems. Lastly, Matt has been been working on the networking and website. We know you aren't quite familiar with the team yet, so we will be doing more introductions when we get the website up. So when's the website coming? The website will be up at the end of this month. We will be posting more updates of the game and what we are doing on the site when it launches. We have sent out the surveys for the rewards, and we thank everyone who has responded to them. We also have been reading some of the responses and they gave us a good laugh. We can't wait to put the messages in the credits! We will be ordering t-shirts and posters next week, so if you haven't responded to the survey yet please do by Monday. We hope everyone had a great new year, because this year is the start of the apocalypse! We will be posting a second Q&amp;A update next Friday so we can answer all the questions we missed. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have been successfully funded! You guys are great, and helped us reach 376% of our funding goal! We are so thankful for all the support and ideas you have given us. We will now be able to fully develop the game, and polish it to a shimmering gleam thanks to the extra support. The next few months will be a lot of work for us, but we are ready and very excited to get you playing the game soon. Since we did not put a final stretch goal, anyone that has access to the beta will also gain access to the alpha. We want to get you into the game as soon as possible so we can develop the game with you. Whats next? Website: The first thing will be doing is getting the website up and going in January. We have been slowly re-designing the site, but we have been spending so much time on the game that we haven't been working much on the site. We will be posting all updates to the site after it is up and running. Updates: We will be posting updates on the website that describe what we are doing, and where we are in development. There will not be many pictures and videos until we get close to the alpha. We are doing this because the next few months leading up to the alpha will be the hardest so we want to focus all our time on development, so that we can get you into the alpha as soon as possible. We want to do a special Q&amp;A update in a week so that everyone can ask their questions and get a better sense of what the game will be like. So if you have a question just send us a message on kickstarter or e-mail us at <email>. We will then post an update will the questions and answers. Rewards: We will be contacting everyone about their rewards throughout the next few days. If you have any questions about the rewards just send us a message on kickstarter or e-mail us at <email>. Jobs: We do not currently have any open positions available at this time, but we appreciate everyone interested in the project. However, we are currently looking for a music composer to make some sweet tunes for the game. If you are interested you can e-mail us at <email>. Again, we want to thank everyone for supporting our project and we are looking foward to playing with you. We will be posting more updates throughout the week on anything we missed in this one since half of our team hasn't made it back from Christmas due to the weather. We hope that everyone had a great holiday, and we hope you enjoy the last few days of this year(because the apocalypse starts next year!). Thanks! -The Falling Island team We have reached our final stretch goal of $5,500! Thank you for your support, and for helping us with that final push to the last stretch goal. We will now be adding a map editor to the game that will allow players to create their very own cities to survive in. We can't wait to see the awesome and crazy scenarios and cities you guys put together. We will not be adding another stretch goal due to the amount of time left on the project and Christmas. We hope everyone has a fantastic and safe holiday. See you in the apocalypse! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have officially reached our second stretch goal of $4,500! So get ready to take those zombie survival skills to chinatown. Chinatown will offer players the chance to survive in new scenery, and get more up close and personal with the zombies. We want to thank everyone for their support, and for giving us the opportunity to get this game in your hands. We still have time left to make one final push for the last stretch goal, so keep spreading word about the project. Lastly, we hope that everyone has a fantastic and safe holiday! Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, We have officially met our first stretch goal of $3,500! Thank you so much for your support, and for helping make this game so much better. Next stop... apocalypse! The underground subway will now be added to the game. We are very excited about this, and we hope you are too. The subway will give players the option to escape the overrun streets, and climb into the dark tunnels to their chances at survival down there. We have been getting a lot of requests for additional pictures of the game, so we will be adding a few more pictures showing some gameplay on Monday. Again, we want to thank everyone for helping us achieve our goal, and we can't wait to take on the apocalypse with you. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello Everyone, First off, we want to thank everyone that has supported our project so far! We have blown the goal away thanks to your support. In this update we want to first cover the stretch goals we hope to achieve, and secondly explain a bit more of the features the game will have. Stretch goals Subway: If we raise $3,500, we will add an underground subway system to the cities. Just like the cities, these would also be procedurally generated. This would offer players the option to escape the overrun streets and take their chances in the dark underground. China Town: If we raise $4,500, we will add a second map type. This would offer players the chance to experience a newly styled city. The building would have an Asian style architecture, and streets would be more cramped. Map Editor: If we are able to raise $5,500, we will add a map editor to the game. This would allow players to create their own custom cities to survive in. Game Information Zombies: Most zombies will be slow, but will travel in large herds and migrate throughout the city. There will always be a few special zombies that have the ability to run, to keep you on your toes. The only way to kill a zombie will be to hit/shoot it in the head. One bite(not hit) from a zombie will infect you. You will have to find medicine or you will die. Character Customization: Players will have the ability to create a character and edit gender, cloths, and basic features. If you don't want to create a character, you will have the ability to take over a civilian at the beginning of the match. Game modes: We are working on two main game modes as of right now. The first is "true survival", this is the hardcore mode. Players cannot respawn after dieing, and it will feature hunger and thirst bars, along with other features. The core game mode will allow players to take over any living civilian after dieing. All settings will be editable, so players can create a game mode tailored to them . We are excited to share more details about the game, and we are looking forward to showing more of the game in the future. We are extremely thankful for our backers support, and with your help we know the stretch goals can be achieved. Remember to tell friends and family about the project! Thanks! -The Falling Island team The infection simulation has officially met its kickstarter goal! The zombie apocalypse can now become a reality. We are very excited to continue developing this game, and we can't wait to have you guys experience it! We want to truly thank everyone for your support of the project! Your support is making this game a reality. The only way we can truly show how thankful we are, is to give you a free gift. So everyone that pledges $25 or more will receive a free digital download of the soundtrack for the game when it launches. Just to make sure you don't miss it we'll print it in bold. Anyone that chooses the $25 tier or higher, will receive a free download of the soundtrack for the game when it launches. Just because we met our goal, doesn't mean we're done. We will be posting new updates very soon, showcasing some more pictures of the game and our stretch goals for the kickstarter. Again, thank you for your support, and be prepared for the apocalypse. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello Everyone, The project has officially reached the 25% mark in only four days! Thank you so much for your support! Every tier will be receiving a free desktop wallpaper, because of how awesome you guys are! While we have raised 25% of our goal, we still have a ways to go in order to reach our target. Keeping spreading the word! Thanks for your help, and lets get this zombie apocalypse kickstarted! Thanks! The Falling Island team