We will be shipping them out, hopefully Wednesday. We are in touch with customs and we are awaiting clearance. You will be the first to know when we get them, going out same day they arrive. - A We are expecting the shipment of brushed steel water flasks by air any day now and we are ready to turn them around to you. Below are pictures of a UPS box that came today ahead of the shipment. Everyone has been amazing, we very much appreciate your patience while we work to get you the most pocket-friendly badass water bottle on the market. Images below show... A bunch of brushed steel. The fluorescent orange is dead on. The kickstarter green is dead on. The charcoal is dead on. The army green is super close but we are going to get it a tad darker. The marsala, which is going to get less orangy and more ruby-esque. Colors coming to us next, we have production staff going to China on Friday to personally approve the production run of colors at the factory. Hi all. Adam here. Welding issues solved, working on expediting production run shipping to the states to ship out. I will know more shortly. Please check here and comments as we can't handle each inbound question re ship date. Getting real close and psyched about the quality. Hi Backers! Hope your 2015 is getting off to a great start. So we are in full fledge production on the Water Flasks and have about 90% of the Survey Data in. It is important to fill them them out right away if you have not. If you are continuing to have errors when filling out the survey, try doing it at a different time of the day. We think server overload is the issue. We will be releasing ship dates soon. Also, if you have sent a message with a color change since you filled out the survey, know that we are sifting through each message and updating the final mail file. It is critical that you MESSAGE us WITHIN KICKSTARTER and clarify the color you chose in the survey AND then the corrected color you desire. Please say ARMY GREEN or KS GREEN (some of you are saying Green and we don't know which you mean). Please DO NOT use other forms of communication to change your color. The following will not work: Emailing us at FREDWATER.COM or using our SOCIAL MEDIA or posting a COMMENT on KS UPDATES or a COMMENT on KS COMMENTS). We WILL NOT be able to change your color if you use these methods. It is too confusing and we don't want to make errors. Thank you! - Adam Hey all. Note that if you changed your mind on color, we will try our best to update the data. No guarantees only because we're dealing with so much information and so many messages. But we will try. If you don't hear back on a message, continue to check the Comments section. Also, if you want additional flasks, visit fredwater.com Thanks for all your support! - A Pre-Order at FREDWATER.COM Thank you for all your support! - The Fred Team Just 300 Water Flask Pledges with 17 hours left to reach our stretch goal. Thanks so much for your support and thanks for sharing with friends and family during these final hours. - The Fred Team We are thrilled with the support and feedback from all of you! A leather sleeve is in development and many other comments are being considered for near future launches. As a $200k stretch goal before Project end (just 39 hours), we are opening up 2 new colors: Kickstarter Green (which btw is super close to Pantone's 2013 Emerald "Color of the Year") and Marsala (which is the 2015 Pantone "Color of the Year"). With 39 hours to go, reaching $200k is approximately 425 additional Water Flask Pledges (incremental to our expected rate without a push from you). With 1 in 10 current Pledgers driving 1 additional Water Flask Pledge, we will get there. Simply share our video with friends, family, colleagues, the dude next door, the grocery clerk, that long lost Uncle. Ok you get the point. Thanks so much. - Adam We are at 4,900 Fred Water Flasks pledged and counting. Thank you for your support! Production is underway (and updates will be provided as we get through each stage). Note that we have included Animated eCards for gifting Fred. It's basically a simulated gift unwrapping experience for Christmas Day. It's on our Kickstarter Page with instructions on how to use. Wishing you the happiest of Holidays! - The Fred Team Other cool Kickstarter Projects we support... FOLDIO. Be a professional photographer in a split second. Lighting is everything and the Foldio solves lighting everytime. <url>