Hello again! I just posted the C-Clock project (it took them almost a week to get it up), and it can be found at <url>’s been a while, but I wanted to give you all a “thanks” for supporting my past Kickstarter projects. I appreciate the feedback that we received from many of you with regards to the X-Pen and the Fling catapult. Please know that version 2.0 of the pen incorporated all of the changes you recommended and we have an incredible pen that we sell through www.desktopkandy.com . I just submitted another Kickstarter project, and it’s found under the heading of “The C-Clock” (I like the one-letter theme prior to the product…) The link is <url>’s a clock face made out of carbon fiber with brass accents and clock movement. It looks incredible! It comes in two flavors: The Classic, which uses a single cut piece for the outside layer (so it’s the uniform “twill” look that people associate with carbon fiber), and the Unique. The Unique is different in that it uses reclaimed carbon from our manufacturing processes for the outside layer. Instead of sending leftover material to a landfill, we can use it for a one-of-a-kind clock that looks incredible. We’re only going to make a run of 400 of these clocks, and each one of them is completely different than the next. They also include an atomic clock movement, so there is no need to adjust for daylight savings time. Either one of these would be an incredible addition to your office, and would complement your pen or catapult very well. Please take a look at the project and provide some feedback. I submitted it on Tuesday, and it should go live today (I'm hoping) or on Monday. I would greatly appreciate you lending your support to the project. Have a great day. Kind regards, -Kyle Kyle Kinghorn Citius Composites All: It's taken several weeks, but we finally have the parts and pieces in house and have assembled the next generation of the X-Pen. I sincerely appreciate all the feedback that we've received, and we took that information and created a better product. Here are some of the changes to version 2.0. First off, there was a little "play" in the cartridge with the first version that has been eliminated with version 2.0. It takes a little force to "seat" the refill in the tip, but it has a more solid feel than the first one did. Second, we added an o-ring groove to the tip and put an o-ring on it that allows for a better fit with the cap. Now, instead of just relying on the friction between the stainless steel tip and inside of the carbon tube (and the problems with tolerances) we have a flexible o-ring that takes up the play in the cap. It works well, and has a nice "pop" when the cap is removed. Finally, we sized down the back of the pen slightly, so that the end won't get stuck in the cap. All in all, we've made a good pen better, and we are ready for shipment. The website www.desktopkandy.com is active and can take orders, albeit we are still working on it's layout, photos, etc. Check it out... Again, thanks for your feedback. It's been a learning experience, but I feel we have addressed all of the concerns from before and have a better product as a result. Thanks again. All my best. -Kyle First off, thanks for all the feedback! Over the past couple of days as these have started arriving, I’ve been able to receive some great comments regarding the good and bad points of the design. Please know that I appreciate the feedback, and we really want to make a great product that you are satisfied with. I also realize that some changes need to be made on the next version before we sell more of them. This is part of the beauty of Kickstarter… We get a chance to try something out, tweak it a little, and then market it the right way. That’s what we’ll do, and hope the feedback continues. Here are a few points that I have taken in… First, I am realizing that there are some serious issues with the fit of the cap and the back of the pen. It’s amazing how something can fit SO well on a solid modeling program, but it doesn’t quite turn out that way in reality. We found more variance than I anticipate on the inner diameter of the carbon tubing, both on the pen body and the cap. The tolerances on the machined parts have been excellent, but if the body of the pen is even a 0.0005” over and the inside diameter of the cap is 0.0005” under, then we have a cap that fits too tight that can pull the back end out, causing the end of the pen to stay in the cap rather than in the body. The o-rings help, but there can still be issues. In short, the cap design needs to be addressed for version 2.0 of the pen, and I completely open to feedback. We can’t rely on the tolerances on the inside of the tubing for the “press-fit”, so it appears that we need to rely on some type of a screw-on cap, perhaps. Thoughts? Second, there is the issue of the refills not coming out very easily (or at all). Here’s what is happening… The tips of the pens are glued in with a 2-part epoxy, and if there is a little excess, it can make the refills harder to get in, and also get out. It may be an issue on some of the first 45 or so pens that we sent out, but won’t be on any of the others as we are using a long 0.25” drill bit to clean out any of the resin that is causing the problems. If you are one of the unlucky ones that is having a problem, by all means send it back and we’ll get you a different one. Finally, a word about the packaging… Dropping the pens in a manila folder and shipping them out is NOT how we want to send this product. However, a good package takes time (and money) to design and create, and we opted to get them out in the time frame that we said we would. Most of you understand that this is a Kickstarter PROJECT… It truly is a work in progress. We’re finding out some things that work, and some things that don’t. Given the feedback that we’re receiving, we’ll definitely re-design the way the cap works and have a better package before we start selling these at the “retail” price. It’s no doubt that they will cost more, but with a few iterations, we’re confident that we can get these problems resolved. Thanks again, and keep the feedback coming! -Kyle To all our great backers... True to our word, we started shipping the X-Pen out in January (okay, it was the 31st, but not bad!) The refills finally made it here on Monday, and I shipped out 50 units yesterday. We started with those in the U.S. that purchased the pen and the cap. We've got another 60+ units ready for shipment tomorrow, and we'll continue on over the next few days. They look great, and we're excited to get them into your hands. We hope you enjoy them as much as we have enjoyed creating them. Quick question: One of our backers mentioned that he was surprised that it didn't go bigger, and was wondering if part of it was that it mentioned the "Hi Tec C" refill (no hyphens in the name) instead of the "Hi-Tec-C" refill (with hyphens). Does anyone else think that may have been an issue? I would also love some feedback when you get them of what you like, what you don't like, and so forth. Because this is a Kickstarter project, I didn't spend a lot of time on the packaging--but who keeps a product package, anyway? I would appreciate, however, some feedback as to what type of packaging would be best for this. I'm thinking a custom, folded, laser-cut cardboard box of some type... Thanks again! It won't be too much longer until the X-Tylus shows up on Kickstarter as well... -Kyle To our most excellent backers... Greetings! I just wanted to provide a quick update on the status of the pens. So far, so good. All of the stainless steel machining is done and received, the caps have been created, the acrylic cubes are engraved (with the cool X-Pen and desktopkandy logo) and we're just waiting on the pen refills to get them shipped. I have also engraved many of the custom wedge bases. Part of the delay in sending these out is that these refills are hard to come by! The good folks at jetpens.com have been great to work with. The refills have arrived in California, and I just received word that they are being shipped here today. Once they're here we'll be ready to start shipping. To give you real-life proof of the progress, here are a few pictures: First, a whole bunch of pen caps... Here are some of the pen bodies: This is what a lot of cube bases look like... I like this next picture. We're doing a customized base for one of our servicemen in the Air Force, and it turned out incredible! Justin, I hope you like this... As soon as the refills come in, we're getting them on their way. You'll like them! Also, I want to put in a little plug about a Kickstarter project we'll be doing shortly... In the video for the X-Pen, I mentioned that we're working on an iPad stylus. We have our first working prototype, and with a few more little tweeks, we should be able to launch it soon. Here's a picture of the prototype. Have a great day. You'll be getting your product very soon. -Kyle All: I just got off the phone with the machine shop that is doing the stainless steel parts, and they are about 2/3 done. We already have all the tips here for the cap, and they just finished up the "back" piece of the pens. We decided to add a couple of grooves on the back of the pen for o-rings to get a better seal as we found that some of the carbon tubes have slightly different interior diameters. The o-rings get rid of play on some of the tubing that is slightly smaller, while still allowing for a tight fight on the tubing with the correct I.D. Here are some pics of the process for creating the back of the pen: First, the rough cut of the stainless: Next, the addition of the cosmetic and o-ring grooves: Here's the finished part, complete with o-rings: As the stainless parts for the cap are done, we have started making the caps for the pens. They look great! Here are a couple of pics of the finished cap, along with a completely finished product... So far, so good. We look forward to start sending these out shortly. Have a great day! -Kyle To all our backers... Happy New Year! I just wanted to give a quick update on the project. The stainless pieces are in the process of being machined, the carbon tubing is being cut and formed, and all the other pieces are on order (the bases, the springs, the pen refills, etc.). We are still on track to start shipping next month with all of them by February. I'll send some pictures out next week as we start getting parts and pieces here and the assembly starts. In the meantime, I wish you all a wonderful New Year. As a side note, we just finished prototyping our first Xtylus, the X-Pen version of a stylus for the iPad and other tablets (my wife loves it on her Kindle...) We anticipate another Kickstarter project in January. I'll keep you informed... Thanks again! -Kyle All: Thank you so much for pledging your support to the project. We ended up with just about $15,800 in pledges, and I sincerely appreciate it. Now, it's time for us to continue the work on our end and have some pens ready for shipment in a few weeks. I'll send an email to each of you to obtain your shipping address. Please include any other information I may need, such as: -logo to be engraved and the correct spelling of your name for those that ordered the customized bases. -Ink color preference (I'll be getting 0.4 mm in blue and black) -Any suggestions you may have for other types of products made out of carbon. This pen idea came from a person that backed one of my Kickstarter projects a couple of months ago, and we're open to other ideas! I'll be sending out photos and updates over the next few weeks to keep you informed. Again, I sincerely appreciate your support. I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas and a happy New Year. All my best. -Kyle Wow! There has been a flurry of activity in the past couple of days that has far exceeded our expectations for the project. We just hit $15,000, and it's still going. This is still very doable, though, as we have the shop space and capabilities to create these next month and stay with the lead times that we had suggested. We greatly appreciate all of the support to the project! We wish all of you a wonderful Christmas season, and hope that you enjoy these fine pens as you receive in January and February of next month. Merry Christmas! -Kyle All: I just placed the order to the machine shop to get started on the machined stainless steel parts, and we'll be starting on the carbon fiber bodies early next week. It's coming together nicely, and we are excited about creating the pens and sending them out to you. For those of you that ordered the pen with the customized wedge base, start thinking about what you want on it. It needs to fit in a triangle that is 4 inches tall and 3.25 inches wide (roughly 102 mm by 83 mm) with a resolution of 600 dpi. The diagram below shows the size of the area to be engraved. If you need some assistance, feel free to contact me at <email> and I can help with the design of the graphic to be engraved. I will have the actual file to be engraved approved by each of you prior to cutting them out. That way, you know exactly what you are getting (and its not my fault if a name is spelled wrong!) Thanks again for the pledges. Have a great week! -Kyle All: I just got off the phone with the good folks at the machine shop that we're using to machine the stainless steel parts of the pen (tip, back, cap tip). The material will be ordered at the first part of next week, and will probably take about 4 or 5 days to get there. Once they have it, they are ready to get the parts machined. The drawings have been finalized, and we are ready to roll on our end. On a side note, we just hit $11K. Thanks again for the support! We look forward to making these pens available in January and February. Have a great day. -Kyle To our most excellent backers... Thanks! We just hit 200% of our funding goal this morning, and we really appreciate it! We are "all systems go" on our end. We have worked out the final drawings for the machine shops and placed orders for the materials required to create the pens. It's going to be a great product, and we are excited to get them out to you. Keep spreading the word as we only have until next week (the 14th) until it closes. After that, we'll be selling them online, but for $75 each instead of the great deal of $50 you'll be getting. We finally received some material to work on the iPad stylus, and we're working on the mold and final design of it. Since it is so late in this project, we'll probably launch it as a separate Kickstarter project at the beginning of the year. I'll send out an email to all of you to let you know it's status, but check back in a few weeks. Thanks again to all of you for your pledges. It's fun to see an idea such as this happen. I hope you all have a wonderful Christmas! -Kyle Thanks to all who have backed us so far! We still have 22 days left, and we're WAY over the funding goal of $5000. We greatly appreciate the support. I'm meeting with the machine shop next week to get the parts finalized that they'll be making. We should easily be able to ship in January and February, provided that we can get the materials obtained. We will also be placing a bulk order for the pen refills in the near future as well. Many of you have requested black ink, so I'll get a mix of both. When we get your shipping information, please specify if you really want blue or black. We'll do our best to make you happy... Thanks again for the support. We look forward to making these pens in the next few weeks. -Kyle All: The X-Pen continues to be a success! In 10 days, we are almost 80% funded, and we still have 30 days to go. Thanks to all who have pledged so far, and keep telling those around you. This is a great pen, and we look forward to making them for you. Have a great week! -Kyle Thanks to all of you that have pledged so far. I started the project last Friday, and we're already half way funded. Keep spreading the word! I posted some new rewards today for the X-Pen with a cap at different levels (some with a base, some without, etc.). Be sure to check it out. Also, the great folks at JetPens wrote a review in their blog about the X-Pen. It can be found at <url>" long (~54 mm) and has a diameter of 0.459" (11.7 mm). Here are a couple of pictures of it as designed on SolidWorks: Looking at the machining costs and the cost of the tube, we can offer it for the same price as the X-Pen with the square base. So, for $50 US, you can get the X-Pen with the carbon cap OR the X-Pen with the acrylic cube base. What a deal, eh? If you have any questions, please don'e hesitate shooting me an email. Thanks again for your interest in this pen. You're going to love it. -Kyle Thanks to all of the great backers who have already pledged their support. I just went live with the project Friday afternoon, and we are already 30% funded! There have already been a few questions about offering a cap to this design. Will we? Yes. We're just working on the final design and hope to have another reward level by the end of the week to include a capped version. Please keep checking back for some updates. In the meantime, tell your friends, co-workers, in-laws, out-laws, and so on about this pen. I'm excited about it, and you will be as well when you have one! Have a great week. -Kyle