Happy New Year everyone! Here are a couple exciting things for 2014: 1. The new auto bulb ramping algorithm is released! This new algorithm is like an “auto-guided” mode, where the Timelapse+ controls the rate of the ramp based on the relative light meter reading from the start. The result is a very smooth ramp. Check out an example of it in action here: <url>“auto-guided” aspect of it, you can also specify a “Night Target”, which is an absolute exposure value which the Timelapse+ will ramp to when once it’s too dark for reliable light meter readings, ensuring a predictable outcome. And a video tutorial on setting it up: <url>’m still working on perfecting night-to-day auto bulb ramps with the new algorithm. It’s actually a bit more challenging with this new method. The new firmware also adds lots of other improvements, including the ability to self-correct from most USB errors. After struggling to eliminate occasional errors, I finally realized that some are inevitable (and even occur when using Camera Control Pro or EOS Utility from a computer) and changed my approach to try to better detect and manage errors. You can find the new release (20140101) here: firmware.timelapseplus.com . I recommend upgrading — the only thing that is preventing me from making this release the new “stable” version is that night-to-day auto bulb ramp is not yet working properly, so unless you need that specifically, you should upgrade. The new algorithm replaced the old auto bramping one in firmware release 20131202, and this new update adds some minor improvements to it. 2. Introducing fotoClient! Since even before the launch of the Timelapse+ kickstarter campaign, I’ve been working with a team to create fotoClient, a beautiful, intuitive business management tool for photographers (and by photographers!). As a wedding photographer myself, this has been a dream (and need) of mine for some time, and it’s so exciting to finally be close to launch. It’s been 5 years since the original idea and now over two years in the making. Here’s an invite from the fotoClient team: Over the last two years, our fotoClient team has been hard at work developing a tool that would seamlessly integrate all of the features and functionality that photographers need to run their business more efficiently and effectively. Late nights fueled by coffee and adrenaline, interview after interview with photographers both local and national, testing, testing and more testing—it’s all led up to our announcement of the beta launch of fotoClient. For now, we are inviting a limited number of beta testers to sign up for fotoClient free of charge, both to establish a strong community of users as well as to gather feedback and insights to make the platform all that it can and should be. We’re hoping that together, you can help us create the future of photography business management so that photographers around the world can spend less time running a business and more time capturing the world around them through beautiful photography. Please check us out on at <url>° view of the horizon for time-lapse! Here's a photo from the roof (sorry, it was just taken with my phone): And in other news, I just received my Nikon D3100 today so I'll be able to do better testing with Nikon and I'm hoping to have full bulb control working via USB alone within a week or so for newer Nikon cameras. Tomorrow morning I will finalize ordering the last of the parts for the next batch and will post another update soon when I have a manufacturing completion date scheduled. Thank you everyone for your patience while we get settled in and I get caught back up on communication and support. Elijah Focus Stacking! This feature is available for Canon EOS cameras that have a liveview mode. It will be coming soon for Nikon. When connected via USB to a compatible camera, the feature can be accessed via Trigger-&gt;Focus Stack. More documentation on this new feature coming very soon. For info on how to assemble a focus stack sequence with PhotoShop, see <url>"beta" status and after they been out in the field a few days, I'll either change the status or fix any bugs that came up. That way, if you're depending on it for production use, you can wait and get the stable releases. I'll also setup a twitter feed for new firmware notifications. I don't have it set up yet, but I'll announce in an upcoming update. Right now, you can always check for the latest firmware at <url>#videos Roadmap Going from here, besides keeping up with any issues and furthering camera compatibility (which at the moment is the main priority), here are some features on my list to add: ND Filter Support (Add/Remove) Manual ISO change for bulb-ramping with cameras not supporting USB Interval Ramping (with keyframes!) Focus stacking (like HDR, but with focus) Focus ramping via keyframes So as you can see, there's lots of room to grow! No promises as to when they will be implemented... Thanks! Thanks again for your support, patience and encouragement -- it's been an exciting project and there's still a lot to look forward to ahead! Elijah Hey everyone! Still making steady progress here -- we have auto bulb ramping! Thanks for your patience with the wait! One of the slow parts was that I needed to learn about the I2C protocol for communicating with the light sensor chip. Once I dove into it, it really wasn't as intimidating as it first seemed... Bulb-ramping (or bramping) is the process of changing the shutter duration gradually over time, for example, in order to fade the exposure from a sunset into stars. I have a new page on bulb-ramping here: <url>"Shutter" setting has been replaced with "Tv", and offers a a list of values 1/3 stop apart that match and extend the familiar range of shutter speeds The range for HDR settings (Tv, Bracket, Exposures) is dynamically limited based on the possible shutter speeds (which are automatically extended when a compatible camera is connected via USB) Bulb-ramping keyframes are now defined by time since start and stops +/- relative to the starting exposure, and the range is dynamically calculated as with HDR * USB control for Canon EOS cameras (Nikon and more to come next!) Bulb-ramping can automatically change ISO on Canon EOS cameras HDR can use high shutter speeds on Canon EOS cameras * Auto-repeat for Up/Down buttons * Default BT behavior now configurable in Settings Power-saving -- only discoverable from Connect-&gt;BT (default) Discoverable -- always ready to connect at any time. Uses slightly more power but is convenient. * Half-press can be disabled in Settings * Saved programs can now be renamed/deleted * Bulb Offset adjustable in Settings (this is like x-time from the Little Bramper) Fixed: * IR timing improvements -- should resolve several issues with IR * BT stability improvements * Numerous minor bug fixes Important Note: because of the major changes, the saved settings and programs will all be reset to defaults upon upgrading, so be sure to setup it up again afterward ( <url>äumle, we have an iOS app for the Timelapse+ (BT version)! Here's the link: <url>"Connect" from the main menu and then select "Bluetooth" (the Timelapse+ is now "Discoverable") On the iOS device, open the Timelapse+ Remote app Tap the screen to take a photo; Tap and hold for bulb exposure! The low $0.99 price helps support Max, who's graciously put a lot of time into this. Additionally, he's also packaged up a nice open-source SDK for those interested in digging into it themselves: <url>"Tutorials" section on the right sidebar. As time permits, I'll continue to add to the documentation and firmware. I've also included with this update a video that demos the bluetooth remote feature that was recently added to the firmware. Firmware Updates We'll keep rolling out updates as bugs are found and fixed and features are added. The firmware is still considered to be in a beta state, and releases will be frequent. When the firmware is more mature, the releases will be less frequent. When time permits, a custom app is planned to help streamline the upgrade process. I'm also working on a tutorial video to help with it, and will eventually tackle Windows 8, though as of yet it's not officially supported. You can get the latest firmware (20121114) here: <url>"Trigger" menu -- right now just via IR or cable -- more to come Time-lapse status screen -- see what's happening while a time-lapse is running And it also addresses several bugs, including the following: Bulb mode via IR Panasonic support IR support for makes other than Canon (was crashing, but still not fully tested) Here's the new firmware update page: <url>"packing party". So I've been getting a flood messages with the same question -- "When will mine ship?". Of course everyone's eager to get theirs ASAP! In an attempt to answer that question, here's our shipping strategy: We're trying to do it in order of purchase, so the earliest backers get it first, followed by the preorders. This isn't perfectly how it goes -- we print the packing lists in batches of 100, so the earliest backer might end up anywhere in the first hundred. Also, we've only done a few international ones so far -- I'm still working out the best workflow for customs, etc, but that will be a priority this next week. Here's our rough schedule right now: Early Domestic Bluetooth Backers Early International Bluetooth/Non-Bluetooth International Backers Early Domestic Non-Bluetooth Backers Etc... I know everyone wants theirs ASAP, and I know you've all waited so long, but we'll keep them coming as fast as we can and beyond that I can't offer much more... So far it looks like we're doing 200+/week, but I expect (and hope!) for that to significantly pick up yet. Thanks for your patience! Elijah Here's a firmware update which fixes a few bugs: <url>"off" state), there have been 5 more prototype versions! Here they all are in a line (note that I borrowed the LCDs from some of the early ones): The left-most one is the one that shipped to the prototype backers (I think I forgot to mention earlier that the facility making them accidentally plated them in gold!). The rest are silver plated (RoHS compliant). And the right-most is the one that will be produced and shipped! It's such a relief to finally be past this stage! It's kept me really busy lately -- the dates the above prototype boards were ordered are: 3/29, 5/30, 6/11, 6/18, 6/27, 7/3. And that's not counting the prototypes made prior to all these! In a way, I did begin to enjoy the assembly of the prototypes -- and I got a bit faster at it, with the last one only taking 1 hour and 50 minutes to populate and solder the board. In the original promotional video, you see the solder reflow -- that was done on an electric stovetop, which was fast and easy, but tended to burn things too easily. Now I'm using a hot-air station from Sparkfun, which I love. The time-lapse video below was made with the 6/27 prototype while I assembled the 7/3 prototype. I don't plan to do any more of this for the Timelapse+, so I thought I better record it! <url>"Save". Payments: Note that if you make changes that require additional payment, you'll need to click "Save" before the system will update the payment link. Also, the backer portal won't register the payment until it is approved by Amazon, which usually is immediately, but occasionally can take as long as 24 hours. So if you don't see it update, don't pay again -- wait until it either updates or you get a message from Amazon saying it failed. If you think you've overpaid, let me know and I'll be happy to send you a refund. Two Devices: If you pledged for the reward with two Timelapse+ devices, you have the option to get a different adaptor cable for each one (two cables are included). I recently updated the code to make this more clear in the backer portal. Stats: So far, we've had over 500 people update their info (thanks!) and almost 40 upgrades to Bluetooth -- this leaves only 3 more available as of this posting! Since a couple bugs at the beginning, the backer portal has been running smoothly. Let me know if you have any trouble. Other Development Well, despite the delays, I'm must say I'm very happy with the product overall, and development is going well. All the prototype iterations are letting me test everything very thoroughly. One exciting new feature is that I made a small improvement to the firmware that allows it to have internal millisecond resolution for the timing. I think this will be important for bulb ramping, which I will be implementing as soon as the hardware is sent to production. In the picture you see the latest two prototypes with the newest on the right. The rubber bands around the screen are just to hold the battery on to make it more easy for me to handle and test. Again, I'll keep you updated. I'm very sorry about the delays, but I'd be much more sorry about a bug in the final product, so this is the best that can be done. Thanks for hanging in there with me! Well, as I said in the last update, the schedule was dependent on the next prototype passing all the tests. Unfortunately, it didn't pass perfectly enough -- it's a definite improvement, and the power issues have been fixed, but the fix introduced a new error (I needed to add a diode, since when the system was charging, some current was leaking backward confusing the charger). I've tested the new fix on my current board, so I'm confident I have it fixed, but nevertheless, I'm making yet another prototype before production just to confirm all is well. So this pushes the schedule back a week again as I make and test a new prototype. I've already made all the changes to the circuit and ordered new boards and parts, and they will hopefully arrive Friday. The good news is that I'm more confident than ever that this will be a very robust and finished product. The battery life issues are completely fixed and the hardware platform is proving to be very stable and reliable. I've included a picture of the latest prototype (the one I made last week). I unplugged it from the charger on Saturday morning and haven't charged it at all since, and it's still nearly 100% charged! Another nice new feature is that it's possible to do a hardware reset by pressing the top two keys and the down key at the same time (it's like Ctrl-Alt-Delete). So I'm sorry to make you wait another week! But know you're getting a great product and I'll keep you posted as things progress. Thanks, Elijah Well, I think I've finally got a schedule for the production figured out! Unfortunately, the prototypes have an issue with power management that limits battery life, so I'm making one more prototype to test those changes before committing the design to production. This is the 9th iteration of the design since the beginning (what you saw in the original video was the 3rd). I was hoping and trying hard to avoid this, but unfortunately this will delay shipment from the original estimate. The original plan was to ship the non-bluetooth ones in May, and the rest in June, but I'm behind by a few weeks. I've ordered a small set of boards to test what should be the final design (finally!). They should arrive on Wednesday, June 6th, and I'll assemble and test them right away. Assuming all goes well, I'll commit the design for production the following Monday, June 11th. Production takes 3 weeks, so I should received the assembled Timelapse+ devices the first week of July. I'll then ship them out just as fast as I can! The only variable that I foresee would be if there's still an error in the current design. This would set it back about 10 days to run one more iteration of the prototypes. Part availability won't be a problem since most have already been ordered (and received!). I'm pretty confident of the latest design, so I do't expect this to be an issue. Also, as I've been busy trying to finalize and perfect the design in the last several weeks, I've had to put the "backer portal" aside. This is now moving up the priority list and I hope to have it ready by the end of next week. This will let you update your shipping address, upgrade to bluetooth, and review/modify your adaptor cable choices. I'll post an update again when it's ready. So, to reiterate: I'm very sorry -- they'll be late. But not very late -- you can expect them the first or second week of July. Thanks for your patience and understanding. I'm putting everything I've got into this. Here's where things are at: The prototypes have been shipped! Yay! All of the long-lead parts have been ordered and I already have them in hand. The rest of the parts will be ordered in the next week The Backer Portal should be release next week Production should begin June 11th During production I will be adding the remaining features to the firmware (e.g., Bulb Ramping!) Shipping should begin the first week of July And thanks again for all your support! Together we've made this project more than I ever dreamed it could be when I first posted it on Kickstarter. Thank you! We're almost there! Elijah It's a little premature, but I wanted to get this out before the weekend -- so I apologize in advance if the instructions are difficult to follow (don't worry, the whole process will get easier eventually, and a mac version will be posted in the next week or so). The firmware has some overall enhancements which I don't have time to cover in detail here, but the main thing is that you have two options for the bulb mode: 1. Standard -- holds shutter button fully pressed for the duration of the bulb exposure (default) 2. Momentary Toggle -- Briefly presses the shutter button at the beginning and again at the end of the exposure. This seems to be necessary for the way the bulb mode of the Nikon D90 (and perhaps others) works. Links If you DON'T have the Java Runtime installed (or are unsure): <url>"backer portal" where you can manage your orders and update your addresses, and I hope to get it done this week still, but the prototype production will take precedence since I'm a bit late on those already. Thanks for your patience! I think it will be worth the wait -- there have been a lot of improvements and I'm really excited about the final result. Check out this video overview: <url>#3. These are the cable names you will use when responding to the survey I'll send out at the end to find out which cable(s) everyone needs. Extra cables are $10/each, so if you would like more than one cable, just adjust your pledge accordingly and the survey at the end will sort it all out. The first cable is of course included. Cables: The C1 cable connects to the following cameras: Canon EOS Rebel XT, XTi, XSi, T1i, T2i, G10, G11, G12, 1000D, Rebel T3, T3i, T2, T2ixt, XS, 300D, 350D, 400d, 450D, 500D, 550D, 600D, 1000D, 60D Canon Powershot G10, G11, G12 (lacks BULB mode) Contax N, 645 Pentax K-5, K-7, K-m, x70, X90, K200d, K20d, K100D Super, K10D, K110D,K100D, *ist DL2, *ist DS2, *ist DL, *ist DS, K2000 Samsung GX-1S, GX-1L, GX-10, GX-20 The C3 cable connects to the following cameras: Canon 5D, 7D, 5D MarkII, 50D, EOS-1V/1VHS, EOS-3, EOS-D2000, D30, D60, 1D, 1Ds, Canon EOS-1D Mark II,III,IV, EOS-1Ds Mark II,III, EOS-1Dx, EOS-10D, 20D, 30D,40D The N1 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon N90s, F5, F6, F100, F90X, D1, D1H, D1X, D2, D3, D2Hs, D2X, D2Xs, D200, D300, D700, D800 Kodak DCS-14N Fuji S3 Pro, S5 Pro The N2 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon D70s, D80 The N3 cable connects to the following cameras: Nikon D90, D5000, D3100, D7000, D5100 The P3 cable connects to the following cameras: Olympus E-5, E-3, E-1, E20 The S1 cable connects to the following cameras: Sony A850, A500, A300, A33, A560, A350, A200, A35, A55, A65, A77, A580, A900, A700, A550 Minolta Maxxum 7D, 5D, 7, 5, 4, 3, 9xi, 7xi, 5xi, 807si, 800si, 700si, 600si, 505si The P12 cable connects to the following cameras: Olympus SP-510 UZ, SP-550 UZ, SP-560 UZ, SP-565 UZ,SP-570 UZ, SP-590 UZ, E400, E410, E420, E450, E510, E520, E600, E620, E30, E-P1, E-P2, E-P3, E-PL2, XZ-1 The P1 cable connects to the following cameras: Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX1S, DMC-GX1S, DMC-GX1, DMC-GX1XS, DMC-GH2, DMC-G3, DMC-GF1C, DMC-GH1, DMC-GH2S, DMC-GH2, DMC-FZ150, DMC-G1, DMC-FZ100, DMC-G10, DMC-G1A, DMC-G1R, DMC-G2A, DMC-G2, DMC-G2R, DMC-TS2A, DMC-TS2D, DMC-TS2S, DMC-TS2Y Note regarding Panasonic: the 2.5mm port is shared with the microphone input on the Panasonic cameras. The Timelapse+ emulates Panasonic's DMW-RSL1 ( <url>~3ms connection setup time (compared to 6 seconds for pairing conventional Bluetooth) Lower latency Cons: Limited support from existing devices (currently only the iPhone4S) Slightly more expensive (but it won't change the price for backers!) So I've decided that Low-Energy Bluetooth is the best form of a wireless interface for the Timelapse+. Being a cutting edge technology, the LE module is about 40% more expensive than the original module, but it still fits within the budget for the Bluetooth version of the Timelapse+, meaning the advertised price of $129 will not change (until after Kickstarter). I'm now planning on using the BR-LE4.0-S2A module from BlueRadios. Thanks again for your support! I'm excited to make the Timelapse+ the best possible! Adaptor Cable Support For the most recent, please see: <url>