Cyber Monday will soon be here, so it's time for us to say thank-you with a truly exceptional Touchfire Cyber Monday Special. This is an exclusive offer for existing Touchfire customers only. What would make the ultimate Touchfire holiday gift? How about a Super Everything Bundle : The Bundle contains the following: Touchfire Case, Version 2 (Our newest case) Touchfire Keyboard Keyboard Storage Case 3-Pack of Wall Mounts That's a $125 value. Your price? Only $59.99 !This is by far the best price we've ever sold Touchfires at, so we will need to cap the offer at 5 units max per person. This deal will run through Monday, November 30th. To order, please go to: www.touchfire.com/SuperBundle Touchfire Wall Mounts are our newest product. Here's a video showing what they are all about: <url>’d like to tell you about our friend Laurens project – JUICIES+ . It’s a complete reinvention of the most fundamental phone/tablet accessory, the charging cable. The cable connectors are made out of anodized aluminum instead of plastic, so they’re durable, look fantastic, and match the color of your Apple device. But the best part is that the cable is covered in wire mesh, so they won’t knot or tangle up. Check it out. Touchfire for the iPad Air and iPad mini Retina Apple just announced the iPad Air (aka iPad 5) and the Retina iPad mini. We've been anticipating these products for quite some time, and the good news is that they are what we've been expecting. We just added rewards to our current Kickstater project for Touchfire for the the iPad Air, plus additional rewards for various combinations of keyboards and cases: If you are planning on getting an iPad Air or an iPad mini, or would like a case for your iPad 2,3,4 that works really well with Touchfire, we'd appreciate you considering backing our newest project! Crowd-Funding – Better Together! We’ve been talking with some of our fellow Kickstarter project creators about ways that we could really show our appreciation to all our previous backers and customers, as well as get our current projects to their stretch goals. And then it hit us – instead of doing things individually, let’s work together! First off, I’d like to introduce you to our friends, who all have amazing, innovative mobile accessory projects running right now: Auris Skye allows you to stream your music wirelessly to any existing iPhone speaker dock. The Skye plugs into the dock and pretends it’s an iPhone. Now you can have streaming music everywhere in your home. Check it out here . Une Bobine is a unique stand, sync, dock and charging cable. The cable is actually a flexible stalk that can bent into whatever shape you like. He even has a version for use in a car. It’s now available for the iPhone 5/5S. Check it out here . ChargeCard is a USB to Lighting connector that is the size of a credit card. They just came out with one that is the size of a house key! It fits on your key-chain like any other key, so it is always with you. They also have a version with a micro USB connector. Check it out here . Together, we decided to put on CrowdRaffle , an unprecedented crowd-funded product giveway sweepstakes. The winner gets all of our products, plus Apple’s latest devices – the iPhone 5S AND an iPad mini Retina or an iPad Air. There’s never been anything like this, but it shows what happens when crowd-funding goes to the next level. Please check it out and enter the sweepstakes. Then let everyone know about it! Touchfire Now Available in Europe We are very happy to announce that Touchfire is now available on Amazon UK , and will soon be found in other UK resellers. It is also available in Greece , and will be available in Italy on Amazon and other locations soon. As always, thanks for your support! Steve &amp; Brad iOS 7 and Touchfire As you probably know, Apple just released iOS 7, the latest iPad/iPhone operating system. iOS 7 is the biggest change to your iPad that Apple has ever made. We just finished testing Touchfire compatibility with iOS 7. Along the way, we found some issues with text readability, and fixes for those issues. We just published an article about all this; check it out: iOS 7 for iPad - Reading and Typing, Oh My! It is also written for people who don’t know about Touchfire, so we'd certainly appreciate it if you would share it with people you know via email, Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Not to mention the rest of the world through sites like Reddit , StumbleUpon , Delicious , etc. Our New Kickstarter Project Is Off to a Great Start Our latest Kickstarter project , featuring custom iPad 2, 3, 4 cases for your Touchfire and Touchfire for the iPad mini launched last week. It reached its funding goal in 13 hours, and is now 50% overfunded. It has evolved substantially, and we just announced stretch goals. If you haven't seen it yet, by all means check it out ! The press has already started to take notice: Kickstarting: A Flexible Keyboard For The iPad Mini – Fast Company Touchfire 3D Keyboard Now Available for iPad Mini - TechnologyTell TouchFire Keyboard Overlay Unveils Update for the iPad Mini - Mashable We'd love you to join the fun and spread the word about our latest venture. Many thanks, Steve and Brad Hi, everyone. Its been two weeks since we started shipping Touchfires, and we've shipped about half of the Kickstarter Touchfires; over two thousand units. We are shipping in the order that people backed us. Our factory is ramping up production quickly, so it will probably take less than two weeks to ship the remainder. We have gotten lots of feedback and delivery acknowledgments; many thanks, keep 'em coming! Here are our general impressions of how its going. Overall, people really, really like typing on Touchfire! But there is a learning curve. For some people, it is just a few seconds. For others, it takes a few days to get used to it. We've created an interactive Typing Tutor Web application to help you get up to speed. It seems to be working well, but we'd love to get additional feedback on it. Go to www.touchfire.com/start with your Touchfire-enabled iPad and try it out. The biggest issue we've heard about so far is that Touchfire is sometimes too tacky or sticky when it first arrives. This is because a freshly manufactured Touchfire can sometimes be too clean! Silicone naturally attracts the microscopic dust particles that are everywhere, and we designed Touchfire to work well in that environment. The tackiness is a temporary condition that won't last very long. And normal cleaning with tap water will not cause the tackiness to return. On another topic, we are launching Touchfire the company today , and announcing general availability of Touchfire at www.touchfire.com . Of course, we will ship all Kickstarter Touchfires and all pre-orders before shipping new orders. We did send some Touchfires to journalists, and many of them will be publishing their reviews today. We have our fingers crossed! A Time Magazine review came out early this morning. It is asking Touchfire's Kickstarter backers to chime in with their impressions. The Time article is here: <url>"Touchfire news". Today should be a fun day. Please join us in celebrating what we've created together! Steve &amp; Brad Summary We started shipping Touchfire yesterday (June 28). Over 300 Touchfires went out to Kickstarter backers. We will be shipping hundreds of Touchfires every business day going forward. Details The final part of a project like Touchfire is completing the transition to manufacturing. Every detail, from the actual manufacturing and assembling of the product to the quality control procedures to timely shipping around the world needs to be handed off. We spent the last week down at our factory doing that. And now the hand off is complete. Here are some Touchfires that came off the liquid injection molding machine. They then go to an assembly line where the magnets are put in and the Touchfires are inspected and tested. Next, the Touchfires are packed out - that is, put into their packaging, along with the other pieces like the storage case and the cover clips to make a finished product. Finally, shipping labels are generated and the Touchfires begin their journey to you. Here we are with the first shipment: Everyone at the factory is pretty happy that we reached this milestone. We were able to get the Touchfire manufacturing team outside for a quick group photo. That's All Very Nice, But When Will I Get My Touchfire? We are shipping out in generally the same order that people backed us. They are now going out as fast as our factory can make them, but it will take a week and half to two weeks to produce all the Kickstarter units. Shipping should take between 4 and 8 days. So please be patient during the final part of the process. We would appreciate it if you'd drop us a line at <email> when your Touchfire arrives. We would really like to understand what actual shipping times are. We usually sign off by letting you know how much we appreciate the opportunity you have given us to bring Touchfire to life. Well, yesterday what you have done allowed Touchfire to go from a dream to a reality. Nothing beats that! We are still on track to ship out Touchfires by the end of this month; just a couple weeks to go. As we said in our last update, the biggest issue we faced was replacing all of our magnets. Well, the new magnets arrived yesterday; hooray! Our factory is now running 24/7 making Touchfire keyboards. First they will make all of the white Touchfires for the Variety Packs, and then switch over to making blacks. Here’s a picture of the clean room; notice that there are now large volume production tanks of liquid silicone attached to the injection molding machine instead of the small prototyping canisters seen in previous updates. You can also see Touchfire storage cases being made on the other side of the room. Now that the magnets have arrived, our factory can set up the assembly line to install the magnets and magnet labels into the keyboards. We’ve been busy working with them over the last few weeks building assembly and test jigs, developing quality assurance protocols, pack out procedures, etc, etc. This coming week will be devoted to getting everything set up and running smoothly. We should be running in high gear the week of June 25th, and expect to be shipping out Touchfires to you at the end of that week. International Shipping We have gotten a lot of feedback from our international customers about the high import duties that they have to pay when FedEx or UPS deliver a package. We have looked into this, and found an interesting shipping option from UPS called Mail Innovations. Under this program, UPS flies packages overseas using their normal cargo fleet, but they then hand the packages over to the local postal service for final mile delivery. The delivery times are similar to normal shipments, but the import duties are often significantly lower and less of a hassle, since they are charged at local postal service import rates and are collected by your local postal service. So, we will be using this service for most of our International customers. There are a few countries where the local postal service can be a little slow; we will ship using standard UPS service to those countries. In Summary... Thank you for sticking with us over the last few months. It has been quite a journey, and we are incredibly excited that we will be getting Touchfire into your hands shortly. Steve and Brad Summary The Good News: We signed off on Touchfire going into volume production; hooray! Our factory will start making Touchfires next week. The Bad News: We had to order 80,000 new magnets, and it will be about 4 weeks before they get here. More Good News: By the time the magnets arrive, the factory will have made a lot of Touchfires! Even More Good News: We were able to come up with a single version of Touchfire that works for all generations of iPads. In fact, we were forced to…. The Full Story Getting Touchfire into production has been a wild ride, but the last few weeks have been the wildest of all. Touchfire Released To Production As you might recall from our last update, we found that our magnets were not fitting into the completed Touchfire keyboards. We tried all the alternatives we discussed in the last update, but at the end of the day we needed to go with new magnets. The samples of the new magnets arrived today, and they fit great. So we gave the go-ahead to our magnet supplier to make 80,000 magnets. And then we released Touchfire for production in our Los Angeles factory. Needless to say, this was a big day! Our factory will now send our tools out for Teflon coating and anodization to get them ready for mass production. This will take about a week. And then they will dive into making lots of Touchfires. Three shifts a day, seven days a week. The magnets will arrive in 4-5 weeks. At which point our factory will have made all the Touchfires. They will then insert the magnets, seal up the magnet wells, and ship you your Touchfire. So, we are looking at shipping out your Touchfires by the end of June. iPad 3, Revisited We bought two iPad 3’s to test Touchfire on, and as we previously reported, quickly discovered that the polarity of the speaker magnet was reversed between the iPad 3 and the iPad 2. We switched the polarity of some of the magnets in Touchfire to match, resulting in a Touchfire version for iPad 2 and a different version for iPad 3. A few weeks ago, a friend came by with their new iPad 3 and we put Touchfire on it for a test drive. OMG! The speaker magnet in this iPad 3 was the same polarity as an iPad 2. What was going on here? We headed out to the Apple stores in the Seattle area with Touchfires in hand, and tested about 40 iPad 3s. We found that the iPad 3 speaker magnet polarity was completely random. This is pretty unusual for an Apple product, and it was feeling like a catastrophe for us. The iPad 3 version of Touchfire was dead unless we could find a way to make one version of Touchfire work for all iPads. So we went to work. We tried micro-Velcro, suction tape, etc. as alternatives for retracting Touchfire. But nothing worked as well as magnets. And then we hit on the answer. If we changed the size and power of the affected magnets in the chin, we could have a balanced solution that worked with both polarities of speaker magnets. And since we were ordering new magnets anyway, this solution would work out. So, there will now be just one version of Touchfire for all three generations of iPads. As always, thank you so much for hanging in there with us. Touchfires will be rolling off the assembly line at last! Steve &amp; Brad Hi, everyone. We got back our molds last week, and did some test runs of the keyboard. Overall, things are looking really good! We did find some issues, most of them cosmetic. But there were a few functional issues as well. So we took our molds back to the mold maker to figure out what was going on. And figure it out they did. They are now making what should be the *last* round of changes to our molds. We will be able to do our next set of test runs the week of April 23rd. So, we are now looking at starting to ship out Touchfires the week of April 30th. Thanks so much for hanging in there with us as we take the final steps to the finish line! -- Steve and Brad Shipping Update We will be shipping Touchfires to you the week of April 23! We will also be publishing more frequent updates as we count down to that week. Touchfire for iPad 3 Touchfire will be coming in two models – one for the iPad 2 and one for the iPad 3. Both of these models will also work with the iPad 1 . If you want the iPad 3 version, please tell us by April 9th – just send us a Kickstarter message or email us at <email>. If you want the iPad 2 version, you don’t have to do anything. The Details We are finally on the other side of getting Touchfire ready for mass production, and have dealt with some interesting and challenging issues along the way. Here’s a recap of what’s been happening over the last few months. Touchfire is composed of a soft, flexible keypad area connected to some hard pieces we call the ears and the chin. The chin is the main structural component of Touchfire. It provides rigidity, holds several magnets and anchors Touchfire in place on the iPad. The keypad area of Touchfire has been unchanged since January, when we made our first production test run. We are very happy with how the keys work, and that portion of the design has been completely frozen. The keypad is the heart of Touchfire, so we were thrilled to see how quickly it came together. This led us to believe that getting the rest of the design into production would also go relatively smoothly. Not quite what happened :-) The keypad is made out of silicone, and we were originally planning on making the chin and ears out of a hard version of silicone as well. That worked great for the ears, but we could never get the chin stiff enough. So in February we switched to a specially engineered injection-molded plastic that our manufacturer suggested. This turned out to be a wonderful material, very tough and durable, and it generally goes back to its original shape when bent. But changing material means a change to the manufacturing process; we have to build new chin and ear molds and modify the keypad mold to accommodate them. This takes us to mid-February. We are back down at the factory, ready to try it all out. We spent a couple of weeks debugging, optimizing the flow of material through our molds and fixing cosmetic issues. Everything looks great, except … our magnets in the chin and ears aren’t as strong as they should be. What’s going on here? It turns out that the thermal conditions of our new manufacturing process are affecting our magnets, which don’t like too much heat. We are going to have to come up with a different approach for incorporating our magnets into Touchfire. Brad redesigns the chin and ears to accommodate this, and we send the molds back to the mold maker for rework. We now have pockets in the chin and ears for the magnets to go into. But we need to seal those pockets. We create some tiny covers that do the trick. Brad makes some hand sketches, Steve takes them to a local die maker, and we have finished prototype dies a day later. They work great. Now all we need is a manufacturer who can make a lot of them in a short time. Luckily, we were already working with a company called Seal Methods, which is making the stickers that go on the back of our cover clips. We head on over to Seal, only a 15 minute drive from the factory. No problem; Seal can manufacture the tooling for our covers and be in production in less than a week. Fast forward to mid-March. The molds are back, we are down at the factory again, ready to make our next trial run. And we have just gotten an iPad 3. All indications are that it will work fine with Touchfire, since the screen didn’t change at all and the iPad 3 uses the same Smart Cover as the iPad 2. Surprise! Apple made a change that nobody else seems to have picked up on – they reversed the magnetic polarity of the iPad 3’s speaker magnet. This causes Touchfire to twist on an iPad 3. What are we going to do about this? We sit down and try and figure it out. It turns out that all we have to do was reverse the polarity of some of our magnets to accommodate the iPad 3. We will need to have people specifically order the iPad 3 version, but no other changes. And the iPad 1 will work with either version. Hooray! However, we did find another problem with the design; during the molding process silicone is leaking into the magnet pockets. Grrr! So we head off to our mold maker, Kingson Mold and Machine, to discuss. Kinsgon is a pretty amazing operation. We showed you a computer-controlled machining center cutting a prototype mold back in Update 9. Kingson has rows and rows of these enormous machines growling away. As always, they are very helpful, working with us to devise a fix. Our molds are once again in their shop. Which brings us to today. We are very confident that these final changes are the last ones that we’ll have to make. After the molds come back from Kingson we will test them out and get them textured (texturing adds the final finish to the parts). And then we will finally get into full production. Our schedule shows that we will be shipping out your Touchfires the week of April 23rd. Thank you so much for bearing with us as we work through getting Touchfire into production! Our next update will be in a week. Steve &amp; Brad As you may recall, we tried pretty hard to make Touchfire in the US, but ultimately couldn’t find a US manufacturer who would give us a reasonable bid or a reasonable timeline. We let you know all about this in Update 12. So we proceeded to manufacture Touchfire in Asia, where something like 95% of iPad accessories are made today. As you know, we went pretty far down that road. But doing Touchfire the Kickstarter way - letting the world know everything that goes on with the project, sometimes has strange and wonderful consequences. Right about the time we were racing to beat Chinese New Year, a fellow named Rod Trujillo sent us an urgent message; he needed to talk with us right away. It turns out Rod is the CEO of a US manufacturer that specializes in challenging silicone projects. He said: “We can make Touchfire, and we can compete with any Chinese manufacturer”. Rod’s company, International Rubber Products, is in Los Angeles; we flew down to Southern California to check it out. The most critical first step in manufacturing is to get tooling made. An important aspect of our trip involved meeting with the tool builders. Our first visit took place during the week between Christmas and New Year. The tooling engineers were on vacation that week. But Rod convinced them to come back early to meet with us. People were flying in from all over. After several hours of technical discussion, the tooling company agreed to make our tools in half their normal time. The fastest turnaround we’ve ever seen. We now had a very difficult decision to make. Stick with the Chinese manufacturer who we had been iterating the tooling design with, or take a huge leap of faith and put our eggs into a US basket. We decided to give the go-ahead to US tooling, but kept going in China. This was a costly decision financially, but we felt that if there was a possibility of making Touchfire in America, it was worth it. The tool builder came through with the mold for the keyboard in record time. That is what we showed you in Update 14. And that is when we decided to pull back from China and fully commit to building Touchfire in the USA. The last month and a half have been a mad dash to the finish line. We've had to put together an entire supply chain for all the parts of Touchfire – cover clips, sticker pads, packaging, etc. Since we'd gone so far down the road in China, we had a very good idea of what each component should cost. Piece by piece, we've found that if you work hard and if you find the right partners (or if they find you), it is now possible to make an iPad accessory in the US that is as competitive as doing it in Asia. So, we invited USA Today to come down to Rod’s factory and check out what we were up to. They just published this cool video: <url>’s Smart Cover by providing magnetic attachment points for the Touchfire keyboard's “ears”. The cover clip design we showed you when we launched our Kickstarter project was a clip containing a magnet, as shown here. We tested these for many months, and ultimately decided that they worked ok but not great. They would sometimes get knocked out of place, and being on the outside of the cover wasn’t a very elegant solution. We spent a lot of time thinking about cover clips, and finally came up with a cover clip approach that lives inside the cover. Here’s what a closed iPad with Touchfire keyboard looks like with these cover clips installed. We found a 3M sticker product, similar to Post-It Notes, that allows the cover clips to be securely attached to the inside of the Smart Cover, but they can also be removed and re-positioned many times. We’re including a pad of 6 stickers with Touchfire, so you’ll have extras if you ever need them. Here are the cover clips attached to the inside of the Smart Cover. The cover clips are made of a thin piece of metal, covered in plastic. Here’s how the Touchfire keyboard attaches to the inside of the Smart Cover with the new cover clips. Manufacturing and Shipping Update The complete Touchfire product, including the storage case, is made with 5 molds. We showed you one of these, the keyboard mold, in Update 14 . We’ve just learned that the mold with the longest lead time should be finished by February 24th. So, it still looks like we will start manufacturing and shipping by the end of February. But until we’re actually producing Touchfires we won’t know how many units can be made each day, nor how long it will take to ramp up to full production capacity. Our manufacturer has committed to running three shifts a day, so we will get to full capacity as soon as possible. But we are not going to wait for the entire production run to be completed before we start shipping to you; we will ship out batches of Touchfires in roughly the same order that people backed our Kickstarter project. We will let you know more about the timing of the batches as soon as we know. And finally, to all our backers, thank you so much for making Touchfire possible! A Few Things to Start With… Hi, Everyone! A big thanks to all of you who filled out the email survey. If you haven’t filled it out yet, please log into Kickstarter , where you will be prompted to do so. If you still need to pay shipping fees , we have set up some PayPal buttons to allow you to do so. Pay the Canadian shipping fee here ; pay the International shipping fee here . If you or your friends would like to order additional TouchFires, we are accepting pre-orders for our post-Kickstarter production run at www.touchfire.com . Manufacturing Update Some exciting developments on the manufacturing side, where Brad is on-site at the factory. We have decided to go straight to Liquid Injection Molding (LIM) for TouchFire. LIM is a sophisticated manufacturing technique that is significantly faster and more precise than compression molding, the technique we showed being used to make our engineering prototypes in Update 9 . The first step in LIM production is to develop prototype molds made from aluminum. These allow us to validate the production design, and the relatively soft metal allows any changes needed to made relatively easily. Here is the aluminum mold for the TouchFire keyboard; beautiful, isn’t it? Something else you might find interesting – the TouchFire prototypes are being made in a clean room, the same sort of clean room used to manufacture medical products. Here is Brad, suited up and in the clean room, with a TouchFire key array made from the prototype mold. Next steps – prototype aluminum molds for the stiffener parts of the keyboard, the storage case, the evolution of the cover clips. etc. More to come shortly! Cheers, Steve &amp; Brad Stocking-Stuff Coupon is Here Here is the TouchFire stocking-stuffer coupon as a printable PDF file: <url>’ve spent the last two days heads down, getting TouchFire into production, and working with our manufacturer to develop a committed schedule. Manufacturing Update We have now chosen our manufacturer and given them the green light to start building the tooling (molds) needed to make TouchFire. We had three manufacturers on our short list – two in China and one in the United States. Frankly, we delayed the final manufacturer selection in order to give the US vendor every opportunity to bid the job. At the end, they came back with a “no-quote”. This was pretty disappointing, and we lost precious time. Thus, the first production run of TouchFire will be manufactured in Dong Guan, a big industrial city in the south of China, about a two hour bus ride from Hong Kong. Both Brad and Steve will be spending quite a bit of time there soon, and you will get front-row seats to the whole process. The first step is for our manufacturer to cut steel molds and assemble the tooling used to make the silicone and polypropylene parts that make up TouchFire – the keyboard, the cover clips and the storage case. This will take about 3-4 weeks. Brad will be at the factory as soon as the molds are ready to make the first test runs. This is known as T1. It could take about a week to initially debug the tooling. Then the fine tuning begins, especially for the keyboard. Steve will join Brad at the factory for this part. After the fine tuning is complete, the tools will be polished and textured to produce the proper part finishes. This will take 3 or 4 days, taking us to the third week of January. We will then be ready to start production runs, slowly ramping up daily volume as the full manufacturing process is debugged. But Wait – There’s Chinese New Year Chinese New Year is the biggest holiday in China. It is a tumultuous 10 day celebration (lots of firecrackers) and all manufacturing shuts down for the duration. This year, the government mandated Chinese New Year vacation starts on January 20th. Unfortunately, this comes right when are ready to start our first TouchFire production run. We will have to wait until after Chinese New Year to start making TouchFire. This takes us to the first week of February. Assuming we can ramp up production steadily, we will have all our Kickstarter units ready to be shipped to the United States for distribution the second week of February. We plan on air-shipping everything, of course. Once the TouchFire shipment is in the US and has passed customs, we will ship it out to you. We will use a commercial fulfillment center, so we can get them to you as fast as possible. You should get your TouchFire by the end of February. Back in October, we estimated that we would have the first TouchFire run in the United States by December. Getting into production took longer than we thought, and we sincerely apologize for that. Next Steps We will email you the Christmas Stocking Stuffer coupon this weekend. On Monday, December 19th, Amazon will complete processing credit cards. If you were notified that there was a problem with your credit card, you’ll need to fix the situation by then. After the holidays, we will send out a survey to collect your shipping address and a few other details. Thanks Again! Your belief in TouchFire has made it possible for us to make TouchFire. We are truly grateful to all of our backers. You’ve given us the opportunity to bring our dream to market, and we can’t wait to get it into your hands. Steve &amp; Brad The TouchFire Kickstarter project been an incredible ride, but it is now coming to a close. We are enormously grateful for all of your support! The end of our Kickstarter project also marks the end of taking orders for our first production run. We will then start taking reservations for our next production run. We would really appreciate it if you could spread the word about TouchFire one last time! Press Roundup TouchFire has been getting quite a bit of press coverage lately. Here are some highlights. "The keyboard is incredibly simple to use. Typing on it is like typing on a physical keyboard" – New York Times "Two Seattle-based inventors have come up with an iPad keyboard that could dramatically alter the tablet keyboard landscape" – Wired "Turns the iPad into a true laptop killer" – Fast Company " TouchFire doesn’t set off a single key when you rest your fingertips on the product" – Mashable "The super-thin-and-lightweight TouchFire adds virtually no physical bulk" – CNET TechCrunch asked Steve to write a 3 part series of articles on TouchFire and Kickstarter, “ The TouchFire Chronicles ” What Happens Next As soon as our Kickstarter project finishes, your credit card will be charged by Amazon and you will receive a confirmation email. If there was a problem charging your credit card you’ll get an email from Amazon and you’ll have a week to resolve the problem. Kickstarter does not have access to the address information you entered with Amazon. So we will send out an email survey asking for your shipping information and a few other questions about a week after Kickstarter ends. We will also email the TouchFire stocking-stuffer coupons around that time. Thank you for backing us! Only One Week Left To Go! And what a wild ride it’s been. A big thank you to our long-standing backers and a warm welcome to our new ones! Please keep spreading the word about TouchFire; we don’t want anyone who is on the fence to miss getting a first production unit. The TouchFire Chronicles TechCrunch invited Steve to write a multi-part series about the trials and tribulations of TouchFire development and going on Kickstarter. We think you'll find it interesting, take a look ! Cousin Ralph and "The Finger" The early days of TouchFire development were filled with unknowns. One thing we sorely lacked was a way of measuring the characteristics of the different key geometries we were trying out. We needed a rocket scientist, and it just so happened that Steve knew of one - Cousin Ralph. Ralph develops deep space instrumentation for NASA and JPL during the day. But on nights and weekends Cousin Ralph’s home workshop would make MacGyver green with envy. So he built “The Finger”, a device that simulates a finger pressing on a TouchFire key and measures the resulting forces. The tip of The Finger was a white ball connected to a strain gauge. A motor moved the tip smoothly and precisely through the range of key travel. The strain gauge changes its electrical resistance as it bends. The change in resistance is measured 10 times a second by a computer. Cousin Ralph put together "The Finger’s" hardware and electronics, and wrote the measurement and analysis software. From then on we sent him every new keyboard prototype we made to find out what was really going on with it. We want to take this opportunity to say thank you, Cousin Ralph. TouchFire wouldn’t be what it is today without you. It took us a while to get TouchFire’s design just right, mostly because prototyping with silicone is a time-consuming process. Many plastic designs can now be 3-D printed in 24-48 hours. But prototyping a silicone part such as the TouchFire keyboard array takes 3-4 weeks. Here’s why. First off, we had to find a prototyper who can make large silicone parts. Prototypers are a secretive bunch; they are building highly sensitive future products for companies big and small. They are located in a small, non-descript locations, tucked away in the industrial part of town. You’d never know it if you were standing in front of one. But we were able to convince our prototypers to give our Kickstarter backers a tour, as long as we didn’t reveal too much. Walking into these shops is an Alice-in-Wonderland experience. They are stuffed to the brim with all sorts of amazing tools and machinery. The prototyping process starts when Brad hands off a TouchFire design. The prototype then transforms Brad’s CAD data into the design of a metal mold, and determine how the mold will be cut. A gigantic computer-controlled milling machine then cuts the mold out of steel or aluminum. This can take quite a while for a part with as much complexity as TouchFire. <url>– copy this one). Now our part can be cast from this mold. Raw silicone is cut and put in the mold and it is compressed and heated. This can take anywhere from 10 minutes to 24 hours. <url>’s packaging. We wanted the packaging to be very easy to open, but at the same time sturdy enough to completely protect TouchFire. The packaging also needs to be as environmentally friendly and minimal as possible. We also wanted TouchFire’s packaging to be its shipping container. That way no extra boxes or packing material would be required. TouchFire’s box is made of heavy-duty cardboard, tough enough to handle the rigors of shipping but also recyclable. It is fully sealed at the factory, but opens via a pull strip. After the pull strip has been pulled, the box opens easily. The TouchFire keyboard and the cover clips go into the storage case, then the storage case fits into an insert which keeps if from moving around during shipping. A piece of shock-absorbing foam goes below the insert, keeping everything in place. Here’s a drawing showing how the Standard Pack fits together. And here is the Variety Pack – it was a bit more of a challenge. We are now working on the packaging graphics. We will show you a complete mockup of the packaging in a future update. Please let us know what you think of TouchFire’s packaging system so far! Notable Press Coverage TouchFire has been getting some in-depth press coverage lately. Here are three articles that go behind the scenes: Harry McCracken for c|net: TouchFire Makes the iPad Keyboard Tactile Bill French for iPadCTO: TouchFire, Human Interface for Glass Emily for PadGadget: Meet the Man Behind the TouchFire Keyboard Overlay for iPad Please help us out by continuing to spread the word about TouchFire. Tell your friends and family, like our Kickstarter page , tweet about us, etc. Thanks! You can also follow us on Twitter and Facebook to receive real-time TouchFire news. Brad's China Pictures Brad recently returned from China, where he was qualifying potential TouchFire manufacturers. Here's a few pictures he took on that trip. Machining an electrode that will be used as part of building a steel mold. Electric Discharge Machine (EDM). It shapes the steel mold by burning away sections with high voltage. Setting up inside the EDM machine. The electrode is clamped below the bellows. The steel mold is below it. When the machine is turned on, the electrode will be lowered and then -zap! Small (~15 ton) compression molding machines. These are used to make small parts, like our cover clips. Raw silicone being prepared for compression molding. This works like a giant pasta machine. Big (~250 ton) molding machine. This is the sort of high-capacity system that will make the TouchFire keyboard. Inside a high-capacity overmolding machine. It contains two molds. After the first part is molded, it is automatically moved into the second mold. The first part will then be incorporated into the second part when it is molded. Production Update Big news – Brad just completed TouchFire's design optimized for high volume manufacturing! He has been working tirelessly with our most promising manufacturers to turn our prototype design into one that can be mass produced. We will use a sophisticated manufacturing technique known as over-molding. Instead of using glue or mechanical fasteners, many of the separate parts that make up TouchFire are placed in a main mold. When TouchFire is made, multiple parts are joined together into a strong, unified structure. We’ve narrowed down our choice of manufacturers from half a dozen to two. The race is on! Both manufacturers will now take our final design and give us a production schedule. We'll then choose the winner, and most importantly, be able to tell you when we expect to start shipping TouchFires. They will ship in roughly the same order that people backed us. So if you have friends who are thinking about getting a TouchFire, you may want to let them know that the line is getting long. Will TouchFire Come in Time for Christmas? Quite a few people have asked us this, and we agree that TouchFire makes a fantastic holiday gift. But we can’t gather shipping information until after Kickstarter ends and we don’t know our manufacturer’s schedule yet. So here is what we're going to do. After our Kickstarter project ends, we'll send out a TouchFire coupon that you can print out and use as a stocking stuffer. Everyone we’ve talked to so far thinks this is a good idea. Let us know what you think! Hi, everyone. If you are in Seattle on Wednesday the 16th, we invite you to come see TouchFire and meet us in person. We are getting together with two other popular Seattle Kickstarter projects ( Romo the SmartPhone Robot and the i+Case for iPhone 4 ) to put on a live event. The event will be in SODO, with plenty of parking. Here is the invitation: <url>’s iPad 1 case and Apple’s iPad 2 Smart Cover. It will also work with many other third-party cases, as long as there is enough room for TouchFire on the surface of the iPad. How do you clean TouchFire? TouchFire can be cleaned by running it under tap water. You can also use dishwashing soap if needed. Hello, TouchFire Backers. Its been a busy week. TouchFire is now a world-wide phenomena. Articles appeared in Australia, Bulgaria, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Netherlands, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden and the UK. A big thank you to our international backers! We've also been featured in CNET and GigaOM this week. But the most important way people are finding out about TouchFire is through you. I want to thank everyone for the incredible support you've give us so far! If you are looking for more ways to help spread the word, here are some ideas. EMail: A great way to let your friends know about TouchFire. Facebook: If you are on Facebook, please click the “Like” button right under our video on the Kickstarter page; that helps us a lot. We also have have our own Facebook page, TouchFireType . Twitter: You can tweet this link <url>