We would like to announce that a private angel investor has just agreed to invest in Vertus. We finalized the deal tonight and are very excited about this. This means we are going to have access to the extra capital we needed, and with our partner electronic consulting firm by our side, we will quickly have the latest prototype built and tested here in the USA and move forward to production without the need to outsource, which was to manage our budget, but instead, it caused delays with no real outcome. We will keep you updated on how this would affect Vertus' future very soon. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio We have finalized testing and troubleshooting the first prototype board of the new Vertus and as a result we have made some hardware design changes to compensate the issues with the audio amplifier and the micro-controller. We have also made some changes in the antenna placement for optimum performance specially when the optional range extender function is activated. By having the changes applied to the design of the board, we have just ordered the second and most certainly the final prototype board of the new Vertus which will be completely machine-assembled to eliminate any potential hand-assembling errors. We have high hopes that when we receive the assembled board, we can test it out of the box with full functionality and start the production. Meanwhile we have designed a new and improved Aluminum enclosure for the new Vertus which could be seen in the short video below. The slot opening on the side are for accessing the buttons and the USB port and the opening on top, right above the blue antenna is for improving the range which should be covered with a polycarbonate piece. We have also been working on some cool packaging designs. We will post them once done and for the final design decision, we will send a survey. Once again thanks to all our backers for making it possible for us to pursue our dream of making Vertus a reality. Despite difficulties, we have one goal and that is to deliver an exceptional and flawless product to all our generous backers. We are happy to show our backers the first assembled prototype board of the new Vertus. We have come a long way to bring the new Vertus to life and this is a clear indication that not only we haven't gave up but instead we are on a clear path to bring the most advanced Bluetooth Audio adapter in the world to the market soon. Bluetooth audio adapters had been in the market for a long time, but by creating Vertus, we tried to redefine that category by our signature dual adapter stereo functionality. As our backers know, the new Vertus further redefines that category by implementing an audiophile grade audio amplifier for high fidelity audio, a powerful on-demand wireless range extender and dual mono capability for multi-room audio, transmitter mode to listen to your TV with headphones at nights, add-ons expandability, and a smart micro-controller (micro-computer) to oversee the overall operation. We have tested the new board in our lab with some promising results. But, we still need more testing and troubleshooting since there are some miss-communications between the Bluetooth module and the micro-controller which can be fixed by software modifications. Also, we saw some issues with the audio amplifier which might be because of a wrong component placement or a small flaw in the pcb design. We also, might need to slightly change the antenna's placement. We are experiencing these delays because of unfortunate reasons and because we are striving to deliver a flawless product to our backers who believed in us and Vertus. We will continue testing and troubleshooting the new board until mid-May and will order the second and most certainly the final prototype board of the new Vertus which should be complete towards the end of June and after that we will order the production and start assembling in September and ship to our backers. We will continue to report the progress through updates and comments. We want to emphasize again that Vertus is the result our backers' belief in us and our company and our ultimate goal is to see our backers happy and satisfied. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio We are excited to say that today we received the first prototype PCBs (printed circuit boards) of our new motherboard, which is a great milestone toward finishing the development of Vertus. As a result of our collaboration with the electronics consulting company that we have partnered with, we have designed a system that is much more advanced and feature-rich than the original Vertus. We are going to hand-assemble the electronic components including the new BT module on our new motherboard to make it ready for testing. This should take about two weeks and as soon as we finish this process and test the new board, we will post an update including pictures, a full list of Vertus’ advanced features, and an updated timeline. This achievement is not only ours, but it is an achievement for all of our backers who believed in us and Vertus. It is true that Vertus is delayed because of unfortunate reasons, but the important aspect is that not only we didn’t give up, but instead, we are more than determined to deliver a flawless and advanced product under any circumstance. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio This is a brief update showing you a virtual glimpse of our new motherboard, before we get our hands on the real ones soon. The first picture shows the bluetooth module in the center of the motherboard and the antenna on the left corner. The orange square under the antenna on the right side is the signal amplifier which increases the range on demand. We had to place the USB horizontal and in the middle of the PCB, in order to keep the overall thickness as thin as we can. The second picture shows the motherboard from the bottom which shows the micro-controller and the audio amplifier. We also added three buttons in order to make it simple to set the different modes on Vertus. We hope everyone is having fun tonight, and we wish everyone a Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. Thank you to all our backers that waited patiently for this update which includes progress update, important milestones, and projections. We now have a completed and solid software that has gone through many phases of modifications and improvements and which was a crucial step in the development process with our new American Bluetooth supplier. We are happy to announce that we have made a major partnership deal with our new American electronic consulting firm that designs our motherboard. This partnership is a key milestone for all of us which would provide unlimited engineering resources for VertusAudio in development of Vertus and the potential add-ons such as the Clip, Headphones, portable speakers, and Bluetooth smart add-ons with supporting apps, all of which will utilize Vertus receivers as their main units and brains. This new partnership also will eliminate any road-blocks in finishing the development process of Vertus by taking care of any potential issues at no extra cost to us. Vertus as you know was originally designed to perform these three functions which are 1: Acting as a single stereo Bluetooth receiver 2: Spreading music in an area or act as a portable home entertainment system for laptops and tablets by making a true stereo field consisting of an all-Right and all-Left sides by pairing two Vertuses together. Lately, we discovered that as a result of pairing two Vertuses together and using the true wireless technology we can achieve a fourth functionality which is to form a Multi-Room sound system. This functionality is achieved by choosing the new DUAL MONO mode which basically instead of dividing the stereo signal into LEFT and RIGHT channels, it combines the LEFT and RIGHT channels and plays the same MONO sound on both receivers. This DUAL MONO functionality combined with the extended range feature that we introduced in the last update, will allow you to form a Portable or stationary Multi-Room sound system and be able to spread the music not only in in one area but through-out your home. All these modes and features will be controlled by our newly designed user interface which includes three buttons and using the white LED as a feedback monitor to show the device’s status. To accomplish the best sound possible, we decided on using an audiophile-grade headphone amplifier with up to 80 mW combined power output from Texas Instruments that uses differential inputs to achieve crystal clear audio. Also as a result of our new partnership, our proprietary charging mechanism when using the optional charging station, will be performed all electronically instead of using magnetic switches which in turn increases reliability. We have also added a very low power microcontroller to every Vertus to perform controlling and interfacing options such as the new all-electronic charging mechanism and add-on interfacing such as using the Clip add-on with playback controls. As for the timeline, everything is ready to go except the motherboard that is causing delays. We are experiencing this delay because we want to achieve a system with the highest standards. We promised you that Vertus will be a premium audio product and to follow that promise, it is very challenging to design a motherboard to house all the needed components in a very small space while eliminating noise issues and because making motherboard prototypes in USA costs a lot and also takes time, even though much less than oversees, we want to achieve a perfect working prototype on the first run and proceed to production right after. We are expecting our first run of prototypes at the end of December and as we said, almost certainly we wouldn't need modifications and a second run. As a result, we will start the production of the boards and modules immediately along with the aluminum cases which will take us six to eight weeks to receive everything and start the much awaited assembly and quality control process in our workshop, which in turn will be a fairly quick process, and start shipping. While we are waiting for the motherboards, we are trying to modify the aluminum casing and the position of our powerful Antenova antenna to achieve higher ranges. We found out by having a small poly-carbonate window in the back of our uni-body aluminum case, we might be able to achieve ranges of up 60 feet between a Vertus receiver and a Bluetooth device and 90 feet between two paired Vertuses. As we try hard to finish the development process, we would love to know any suggestions and ideas about Vertus and its potential add-ons. We would love to know what would be your primary use of Vertus and what add-ons you would want to have. So, please tell us your suggestions and ideas as a comment on this update. This is a hard journey for us but we are fully motivated to perform our duty as promised, which is to create a flawless product that would bring joy to you and again all this wouldn't have happened without your trust and belief in our vision. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio Thank you everyone for waiting for this update. It looks like we are going to start shipping Vertus around December-January due to major changes. Hard and difficult decisions are what make a great product. After having a lot of issues with our Chinese Bluetooth supplier and their Bluetooth module, we saw the urgent need to change our Bluetooth supplier. As a result, we started working with an industry respected American Bluetooth supplier for more than a month now and who promised us a rigid timeline and the highest quality Bluetooth experience designed and engineered in USA. Even though we lost a lot of time and money, what matters most is to do it right and we were in a position that fortunately it wasn't too late and we had the ability to steer to the correct path. In the long run, even though these new modules cost more, we would have a more solid business by having happy and satisfied customers. These new modules will make Vertus simply the best and most feature-rich Bluetooth adapter in the world by acquiring two new functionalities besides its current trademark features, which are 1- having the Transmitter functionality as a standard feature by not requiring a transmitter add-on, and 2- having an another industry first feature of having the extended range functionality which will extend the range of the Vertus on demand to a range of 45 feet from your Bluetooth device to a Vertus and 60 feet between two Vertuses. So, as we said our new Bluetooth supplier is working on Vertus for more than a month now, and just today we got the development boards with their modules and a solid working software with no range and connection issues. We will continue working with them on perfecting the Vertus experience and meanwhile we are working with another American electronic consulting firm that designs our new motherboards with the new specifications. Also, regarding the new batteries, we have been testing them and so far we have great results in terms of capacity and cycle life under a wide range of temperatures, and as soon as we finish the testing we will make the order. As a result of your investment in our vision, we are honored to have Vertus featured in the August issue of one of the most respected and prestigious science magazines, Popular Science in the What's New section. We hope you understand the situation and know that we can't be more thankful for your continued support and we are very motivated to bring a great and flawless product into your hands as soon as we can. We will continue informing you of all the details through updates and comments. Best, Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio We want to let all our backers know that throughout the last couple of weeks we have had major advances in our project including an interview with one of the most respected magazines in technology field and launching our website VertusAudio.com . We are working closely with our Bluetooth supplier in customizing the user interface and in eliminating any possible issues regarding pairing and connection. Last week our battery supplier told us that the battery that we are using is not in the regular production currently and they would need a minimum order of 5000 units to start production, so we found another company that offers a battery very similar to ours and needs a minimum order of only 1000 units and we are waiting for a sample of the battery and upon receiving and testing it, if we see it passes our quality expectations, we will make the order. Also, we saw there is a need to change the layout of the mainboard and for that reason, to eliminate any mismatching, we need to wait on ordering the aluminum enclosures until we get the samples of the new mainboard. Also, we are waiting for the exact pricing of the transmitter add-on before we can introduce it. The magazine that we mentioned has told us that Vertus will be featured in one of their articles in the coming August issue and we are very excited about it, so once it gets published we will post an update with the details. Armen &amp; Garlen Khachatourian VertusAudio Unfortunately we're not going to offer the transmitter add-on in Kickstarter due to some issues, but it will be offered on our website. Having said that, we are going to introduce our first add-on for the Vertus receivers. We're happy to introduce you the Vertus battery pack add-on! Vertus receivers have an exceptional 10 hours of battery life. But, to make it even more exceptional, you can add 6 more hours with the Vertus battery pack add-on, enabling you to have 16 hours of battery life. The Battery pack add-on also has a micro-USB port and can be charged either while connected to the receiver or separately. Each battery pack add-on is $10. You can get a battery pack add-on for each Vertus receiver by adding $10 for each to your pledge. We hope you are as excited as we are about this add-on. This is not going to be our only add-on. We have couple of other ideas about other types of add-ons including the transmitter. Best, Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio Thank you to each and every one of our backers that made Vertus a reality. This couldn't have been done without your extensive support and we can't thank you enough for believing in us and our product. This might look like an end but in reality it's a start of a premium grade product line that not only has unique functionalities but also looks unique. Thank you again, you guys are amazing! Stay tuned for another update regarding the transmitter add-on. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio We are adding a micro-USB port to all Vertus receivers! We listened! We have been getting many requests to add a micro-USB port to the receivers, so if needed, they can be powered all the time without recharging. We're also going to supply a USB power adapter for all the rewards that include the charging station. We have also added two new reward levels which do not include neither the charging station nor the USB power adapter. This brings the starting price down to $29 for one Vertus receiver and $59 for a set of two Vertus receivers. The single receiver at $29 reward level can be used to add full stereo Bluetooth capability to any non-Bluetooth speaker, headphones, or car stereo. If desired, the TrueWireless Stereo mode can also be achieved if paired with a second Vertus receiver which can be bought later from our website. The set of two receivers at $59 reward level have the full potential to either work in the True Wireless Stereo mode or the stand-alone mode. If needed, our backers of these two rewards can buy the charging station or the USB power adapter later form our website. Please continue your support for bringing Vertus closer to becoming a reality. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio Thank you all for your great support! We got many questions regarding if the Vertus can be used as stand-alone Bluetooth receivers. The answer is YES, the two receivers can be used as stand-alone stereo Bluetooth receivers if you want to just add Bluetooth capability to any single speaker. Also we are supplying 3.5mm female-to-female adapters, so you can use Vertus even if your speakers don't have an accessible female jack. Please continue helping us in spreading the word and bringing Vertus closer to becoming a reality. Armen &amp; Garlen VertusAudio