Hello dear backers, So…here we are…once again, this time is quite an update! So, let´s start and talk about some cool stuff; · Launch : Last week we launched vrAse A1, at the Elder´s museum of technology of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (Canary Islands) and reception was very, very good. People were able to see in person the presentation and try vrAse A1. Let us share some pictures here; · Canary Islands: You see, were we come from is, most probably, a place you never heard of, near Africa, about two- and half-hour airplane travel to mainland Spain. But this is a place loaded with history (It was the place where Christopher Columbus last saw land before embarking on the epic journey to discover America), and a great place to live for digital nomads around the world; weather is very nice all year around, great beaches and mountains, nice people… you should definitively come and visit us. Thanks to the advent of internet, projects like vrAse are possible; design is made in one place and manufacturing in another. We stablished a small manufacturing base at Vigo (Spain) to do the “heavy duty” stuff and progress was made throughout all these years, using wisely up to the last cent of your contribution. A small remark about this; How many KS and/or VC backed campaigns with 10´s or 100´s more capital than ours and failed during our journey? We have been amazed by those things! How they recoup those kinds of investment? Privacy issues? What a wild world out there for sure. Let us know in the comments below. · Works : Well…it has been an INSANE amount of work to bring you vrAse to you. It´s hard to do hardware, but it´s crazy hard to start from an idea, and second, be able to bring you (what we think are) the best glasses in the world for your smartphone. Also, as long as we are aware, we think we are the only VR device made outside China (again, please let us know in the comments below). We understand there has been a lot of backlash by the decision to invest so much time to do a better device than we showed in the campaign, but we are sure you´ll be gladly surprised. · vrAse is the future…and the present: Since we invested so much time developing vrAse, market has (obviously changed) and many people ask us if vrAse still relevant today, more so with the upcoming generation of “standalone” devices, etc. Our take? We firmly believe that vrAse is not only the present but also the future. Please let us expose our arguments; / Logic: For us, standalone VR devices are “a vrAse with the smartphone glued inside” as we call it around here. There is nothing that they offer, that cannot be incorporated into smartphones. Likewise, we do not know of any historical example of a device that has resisted the smartphone advance (standalone gps? radios? Photo cameras? Etc). Why reinvent the wheel? / Market: Currently the RV &amp; RA is dominated in its vast majority* ( URL ) by solutions that use what was called a ridiculous idea at the time* ( URL ). It is clear that there will always be specific solutions (niche markets like cabled VR&amp;AR), but most users already have their smartphone and it will be the first device they update ... then, afterwards, if there is money for other "gadgets", maybe they´ll upgrade also the others devices. This also makes developing solutions for vrAse more attractive, because the user base is immensely superior and they are more likely to make the investment made more profitable. / Current features: Smartphones ARE the bleeding edge of technology. One example of standalones vs smartphones? A widely publicized standalone viewer from an American company dedicated to social networks, that will be launched this year, will have features that are half of what high-end smartphones already offered three months ago (see difference between Snapdragon 845 vs A12 Vortex: www.anandtech.com/show/13392/the-iphone-xs-xs-max-review-unveiling-the-silicon-secrets/4). / Future benefits: It is almost impossible to compete against a complete industry; the smartphone industry. More data? Recently it was announced the creation of a forum to allow RV &amp; RA with 5G (<url>“the smartphone”. With some little details, . Smartphone manufactures will discover that changing a few little details will bring vastly improved RV experiences in the coming years. / Economy: standalone and other niche devices require an additional economic outlay that many people cannot / want to make. / Ecology: With standalone and other niche devices, people have another device at home, along with the problems of space, updating to the latest technology, learning a new device, recycling cycle management, etc. · vrAse A1 kickstarter edition : The vrAse we´ll send you, is one of the very first batch of 1000 vrAse coming out of the oven (in a sense, literally, because each unit is painted in ovens). Functionality is the same as vrAse A1 discovery edition, you can check the design &amp; specs here; <url>…we encourage that you compare your vrAse with other devices and share your experience all around the world. Other cool features, are its usage for both VR&amp;AR, full range of independent optical adjustments, compatibility with smartphones up to 163mm long and general attention to detail. You can check full specifications at <url>… we want to improve so many things product and process related! Please let us know what those things are, as these will be the base for either iterations of the product or development of new ones. Let´s see some vrAse A1 photos; · Delivery: We´ll start sending vrAse in the coming weeks. As we have (super) limited production and administrative capacity, this will take some time, so we´ll begin asking delivery addresses in batches to avoid people changing places and missing vrAse delivery, starting from the very first to the very last backer. Batch size will depend on our production that week. First batch we´ll send is for the first 200 backers, we´ll send tomorrow an email asking for the addresses. We kindly ask (once more) for patience, as this stage will take a lot of work, so it´ll be time consuming. We´ll do the best we can (as always), so please bear with us any possible hiccups we may encounter. We´ll also looking for a practical way of communicating all this process (most probably in web page of vrAse.com). If you have made a KS campaign, and know other practical methods of navigating this stage, please let us know in the comments below or via a direct email. · Shipping: For those of you that paid for vrAse but not for shipping, we´ll do this via PayPal in the coming days. · Visual Reality: All these years we have been dealing with the different options of virtual and augmented reality. As a result of the diversity of nomenclatures (for example new ones like mixed reality and extended reality), we want to publicly announce our proposal for a new term, that we think should be the way to define the devices that can do all these “realities”; visual reality . Our five-point reasoning for this proposal is what follows ; / Simplification: Only use one term for a wide variety of experiences. / Logic: All the experiences target the vision of the user, and it really doesn´t matter much where they come from, as long as information arrives correctly to the brain. / Bridge: It´s short usage is V.R., so it can be easier to adopt initially. / Naming: Short, easy to remember and pronounce. / Future proof: Brain and eyes will stay with us for a long time. This “visual reality” may seem like a little detail…but it´s not, it´s an important one; we´ll disclose more beautiful things about all of this in the future… meanwhile we´ll leave visualrealityglasses.com pointing to vrAse.com ;) So, summing up, our next big step is delivery and finish assembling all your vrAse´s!. Stay tuned at your email, here and our social media. Best regards and happy 2019 start, EY ED AK Dear Backers, Tomorrow we´ll unveil vrAse @ Elder Museum of Science and Technology of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria <url>´ll receive instead of the one promised in the campaign. It´ll be the same as the commercial device, expect one element will be in colors dedicated to you, our backers. You´ll see “a bit” of an upgrade to what we promised here ;) . Next week we´ll ask for delivery address. Best regards, --- EY ED AK Dear backers, Hello!!! So much time has passed that we are overloaded with things and adventures we want to tell. To start the ball rolling, let´s beging with this “short” post to update you on the most interesting things; · First, yes…we are alive! Hi backers! We understand that many people think (and we are aware that some even wanted) that we failed in a horrible and humiliating defeat… sorry to say, but we never went away and we are here for the (very) long run. We have used all the feedback we´ve gathered in the last year to implement it @ industry level. · As to why this “working in the shadows” for this long time, there are three main reasons; first is that we had so much backlash and haters/trolls once real problems started to creep up (as with any real project) that we found that it was like adding more fuel to the fire trying to explain them, so we focused on the second thing…, second thing is, putting first things first! pushing ahead with the INSANE quantity of work we had ahead, and that meant also limiting our comms to the absolute minimum. Third point is we asked ourselves in the real value we could give you by bothering about our problems to bring vrAse alive…we just didn´t found much of it if we weren´t able to reach our goal. So now that we are certain that we´ll reach it (barring any catastrophic event), we´ll progressively start opening comms. · Ok…so how vrAse turned out? Well…vrAse turned out incredible (seriously)… compact, complete, awesome image quality, fully featured, durable and with a beautiful “garage startup” story to tell…also more on this on later updates. · When we´ll start shipping? As of today, we have 200 units assembled &amp; stocked, 400 others in different stages of assembly process and 400 ones scheduled to be injected this month.…rounding this up, we estimate about 2/3 months of additional works to have them all lined up ready to ship. One month before delivery we´ll start asking for your addresses. · One important question that people usually ask us is; “After all this time, will vrAse be compatible with my phone?” Yes, unless your smartphone is bigger than our test-mule the galaxy note 8 (a bit bigger than the new 9), you´ll be on the safe side. · “But why, why are you guys soooo slow?”. Ok, this may sound weird; we had to if we wanted to arrive. Every penny was stretch up to the infinity (and beyond) to be able to reach the end…just like those hypermiling competitions, but with business instead of engines. 5 years anyway it´s an insane amount of time invested, so we´ll ask Kickstarter if we are able to run for the award of longest running project ever…do they have those? · There have been many good things we´ve been able to do in these years, we´ll progressively disclose them and we are most sure you´ll love them. Let´s start with one of the things you may have notice by the animated gif, is that vrAse now is a totally different (read better) beast of what we showed in the original campaign, so yes…we strive not to deliver but to over-deliver…you´ll be surprised :) . · One last but important thing, about philosophy, values and those things that today usually are forgotten or put aside. We had a clear vision (pun intended) that we wanted to develop, and build the best VR&amp;AR device for the smartphone. This has been an incredible journey, filled with dangers, emotions, huge amount of learning, awesome people and also some creepy nasty ones. All of this takes time…more so if you are the first one and have nobody to follow! After all these years we´ve haven´t seen a single device/business that has our philosophy; they either are outright closed ecosystems, closed ecosystems camouflaged as open ones, and/or “cheap-burn-your-eyes-with-us-quality-we-only-care-about-your-money” kind-of devices…also is not that we had 2.000M$ to play around with ( <url>… we´ll keep our heads down and hands busy working ourselves out of our own “production-hell” so that we are able to finish this stage and bring you your vrAse to your hands (should we say heads?). Please if you have any question/s feedback send it/them to our new social email; social “@” eyedak “dot” com. Miguel Schiaffino Tienda EY ED AK Dear Kickstarter backers, We promised ourselves to not disturb until we had some cool stuff to communicate. We think you will enjoy this really quick update. For all of the very first vrAse believers, those who thought that putting a smartphone in front of your face was such-a-crazy-idea-but-heck-why-not…but also for non-believers, those who thought we were “insert bad word here”, haters and trolls… we are proud to announce that: You´ll be able to test a close to final vrAse unit next week at <url>´ll gather any final feedback in a controlled avenue so we´ll try to implement any necessary additional polish, and yes… vrAse will be much better than other devices out there. After all these years! We also think we may actually win the title for the most time-intensive KS project ever. Our latest internal benchmarking against vrAse show that it has at least 10 superior specs compared to our competitors. Although overall, we prefer to think of vrAse as a whole experience, the first quality one for VR&amp;AR, that is just simply better. Meanwhile, in the other side of the galaxy…our little masters keep adjusting the iron &amp; levers to finish vrAse units and send them to you ASAP. Best, vrAse Hello Backers, Long time since we had been in contact. Hope you are all doing well. This update is to inform you about a founder name change on the Vrase project in Kickstarter. As you may know, Louise Bankhead was since the beginning, only a representative of the Eyedak Team. The company was established when we created the project, but we did not have all the legal requirements to name the project under the company’s denomination. As she is not working any longer on the company, since September 2014, it is time to pass on the Kickstarter project to the real Eyedak Team, who will keep you updated with the progress. We are working closely with Kickstarter to remove Louise’s name and rename the Created By as the Eyedak Team. There are some checks to do and soon you will notice the change. Best regards and take care! Hello Backers! Here is some news for you. The team is not getting bigger so of course, we keep on working trying to catch up with our delay. However, sometimes magic happens, sometimes not. In work we trust. It appears clear that our expectations were far beyond our possibilities, but this also occurred because the product received much more success than expected, and this should be seen as a good thing, because whatever the delay, you will be the first to have vrAse and you will have had it for much cheaper than the future buyers. Sounds good, doesn't it? Now, we know that some of you are losing patience with the launch and do not want to wait. Please keep reading, as we hope you will get interested in latest news. But first, let's see the positive side and here are the latest developments we've achieved. We are happy to say we are now closing agreements for the manufacturing. Our intention is to make a pre-series of units in which will be the backers ones, and as well, those for promotion to be displayed in fairs and shows. We also met our future distributors for a “go to market” strategy, and it is thanks to you all that this remains today a perspective for us. You were the first to follow and support us, you led us to the need of a “strategy” to launch vrAse. Thank you for that, we'll never say it enough! As funds are always a dodgy matter, we need more and more, as we are reaching the launch: running test, making the tooling, pay the production, run more tests, advertise, organize shipments, etc. These are not free activities. So we met with a great personality who is likely to come on board for the vrAse experience. It is hours of discussions, where we learn a lot and evolve a lot. An investor is not only there for money but also for the success of your brand or product. We have been lucky enough to meet a businessman who believed in our product and has decided to help us, just as you did, and make it real. So, so far so good, but with apologies as we perfectly admit we have been overwhelmed by the proportions taken. From our initial idea to where we are today, it has been a huge leap into the unexpected at every single stage of the project. Now we are reaching the final steps, the realization of the device, its mass production and, of course, we will be soon able to come with concrete dates. Every step requires a lot of work, but we are willing to deliver what we promised: an amazing and affordable device to enjoy at any moment and any place. We hope you will like it as much as we appreciate fighting for this incredible adventure. Thank you, to every one of you. Dear Backers, All the vrAse team members wanted to apologize for the delay we are currently experiencing. Each and Everyone of us is working unsparingly in order to be able to put in your hands the best HDM on the market. And not a single minute or a single resource is intended to do something else than making vrAse possible. We perfectly understand the justified anger of some backers because of our delays and lack of information, and we can only say our policy has always been to make updates when we had important milestones in the product development. As you know, suffering delays is mainly due to radical changes (for the better) until we got the perfect design and now because we are negotiating with one of the most important manufacturers in the world. No one more than us wants to show you the final product and let you enjoy it, but our expectations were exceeded, tasks and demands have multiplied, and the team does its best to keep up. Finally, the team is studying the possibility of a refund for those who request it. We will soon have some news about that and on when precisely the process would start. However, of course, we would not encourage you to do so, as the project became much bigger than what we planned for vrAse, we are now talking of hundreds thousands of units to produce and many distributors stand in line to spread it on the market. We had an idea. A pretty good one even if it hasn’t been the fastest one. And it is working, amazingly. There is a serious reason why we do not want to put on the market a product that would denote a certain amateurism. Some competitors are appearing, the market for AR/VR headsets become a great reality for all technology fans. So here it is, we have jumped on the track and we really want to offer a product that will be as good as it can in its field. Soon everyone will want to get their headset and lots of them (already on the market or not) will be at a pretty high price. The difference with vrAse is that we have always wanted to remain affordable. It won’t be thousands of euros, not hundreds of them… You have had the privileged to get them at a very low price. Ok, we are a small company and we are late. But the truth is that big business are now turned on us to see how we will manage with this. We do not want to disappoint you. We still plan to deliver you the highest quality product we can create. And it is on its way. If you wait a little bit longer, after all you went through beside us, you will get your 3D VR headset! Thank you, on behalf of all the team, for your understanding and thank you wholeheartedly to those who, in these delicate and overworked moments, give us all their support and love every day. vrAse team Hello Kickstarters! Stage of the design In the design phase we have focused all our efforts to get the best device. The team works daily searching for a product able to excite the user, with a unique experience based on the Smartphone. Few weeks ago, the whole team working on the vrAse design met in Barcelona. We have created a stereo lithography prototype that enable us to check every aspect of the device which is important to us. We have to say we found some aspects which could have been done in a better way. Since then, we have been working on it to achieve the final vrAse design and close this phase. This obsession to have a very competitive product on the market has created a delay, as you know, for the shipping schedule. It is easy to place a Smartphone behind lenses and watch 3D contents, but it is really hard to do it well, making the user enjoy the experience. Different matters as the ventilation of optics, the non-entry of light in the Black Box (as we call it), the comfort for kids and adults, the whole range of optics configurations for different users, the weight (one of our most difficult task since day one), the best optic system we could built with the limited resources we currently have, and a large etcetera, make the work we are doing now very important. We can only guess you will like what we are preparing for you, but we do everything in our hands to make it possible. The reason why we are not showing the design is the fear that somebody copies all the innovation we are working on, even prior the product launch. A perfect example is <url>és Sifuentes (Optics) Juan Carles (Designer) Carl Bengtson Grafl (vrAse Chief Designer) Miguel Schiaffino (CEO) Miquel Pons (Designer) Isidro (vrAse Director of Operations) We missed Roberto Darío Ojeda (vrAse COO) in this photo, who could not be present. Starting production stage When we were preparing the Kickstarter campaign, we wanted to be realistic and asked for a goal which would allow us to produce a small amount of units. The kind of molds were for a tiny sales forecast. Once the Kickstarter campaign was finished we were overwhelmed with prototype orders from developers, magazines, other business, reviewers and webmasters. The result was amazing! The problem was the Kickstarter campaign was finished. It was at that precise moment, we had to take a turn and start looking for another manufacturer who could cope with our new demand. The strategy changed and we began looking for new budgets, with the target of producing bigger amounts with an outstanding quality. What happened? If you want quality, you have to pay for it. We needed more funds to reach our new standards of quality. And we did it, we looked everywhere, and finally we got the necessary investment to be able to produce vrAse. At the moment, we are negotiating with one of the most important and well known manufacturers on the market. This one can assure you to be delivered the best quality product. vrAse components are almost all injected plastics parts, except for the strap (which is made of elastic textile fibres). Even the lenses will be injected plastic, but a very different plastic specific for lenses and produce in a process which ensures the ophthalmologic quality. Inside the plastic world, there are infinite solutions and compounds that give you lightness, durability, nice finish and resistance. We are studying, within our possibilities, the best plastics for vrAse. All the materials used will be hypoallergenic and they will have the best quality guarantees (tested), allowing a comfortable and safe use. Do not forget we are willing to produce vrAse with recycled and recyclable materials. The process: At the same time we are finishing the design, the datasheet with the information of each piece and the entire device, is being made. They describe the quality of the materials, the dimensions, their features and every detail for each piece. Once all the pieces have been produced, they will go to the final assembly phase and then the product will go through the verification process, which will guarantee vrAse has the quality standards we established. When this stage is finished, the product will be packed and then it will be sent straight away to you. We can’t wait to see this moment happening! vrAse parts: The mold. For the process of plastic injection, the mold – with its accessories – is the master piece. The mold final cost depends on its shape, materials and quality. As we do not have yet the manufacture design 100% finished, we cannot close the budget. But we already have estimations of its price, which give us an idea of the final cost. The quality of the injected piece finish and the quantity of piece you can do, depend on the mold quality and materials as well. There are soft molds made of aluminium which allow you to make only few thousands of units before getting damaged and becoming useless. On the contrary, there are hard molds made of steel which allow you to make much more units, counting in millions the number of injections you can realize, keeping an excellent quality result. We are also going to use for the mold a technique widely used and called IML (In – Mold Labelling). That will allow us to add an information sticker on vrAse. They will give the customer information on how to use it and include the vrAse logos as well. The foam. The device will make contact with skin, so the main purpose of the foam outside the case is to make the experience comfortable. This piece will be made with three different foams, from three different kind of plastics, and it will be processed by mold injection too. The strap. As we have said before, vrAse is a HMC device, a Head Mounted Case (as we like to call it), done entirely in plastic except for the fixing strap which will be made of an elastic material, with an integrated design in the vrAse device. The strap has been thought to be comfortable and especially designed not to move once is on your head. So far, we have been speaking of how we are going to produce vrAse, but what about the packaging? Let's see, vrAse is not only about the amazing experience you will have using our device, it has to be a safe and comfortable product as well, of the best quality. So the packaging is not going to be less. The box will be very nice, of resistant and good quality materials, which will be recycled and recyclable. Resuming, the operation department is working hard to make a product you can feel proud of backing. And it will make you enjoy moments of fun as never before. Estimated date of shipping The negotiations with manufacturers bring the date of shipping for this summer. The targets are: Mold creation, manufacturing of each piece, final assembly and, at last, the shipping of your units. The most important thing in our opinion remains the best quality of our product which is the reason why there is a delay of few months in the project schedule. We deeply apologize for it and we hope the result justifies all the time needed for decisions made and new directions taken during the process. Note: You, the backers, will be the first to receive vrAse. Before anybody else. This remains our promise. Backers In our tasks list we want to compensate, within our possibilities, the Backers for the delay we have suffered in this project. We have some ideas in mind, which we hope can be done as soon as we discuss with the manufacturer. A sample of the extra content: HEXA. A game of great quality developed exclusively for vrAse, and it will be given to our backers, completely for free. HEXA is an impressive arcade game, where we control a spaceship through different levels, with the mission of collecting a number of tokens in a virtual world, in scenarios becoming more and more sophisticated. We have attached some screenshots where you can see the graphics. The spaceship movement is working via head tracking, or with a gamepad (specifics for Android) and we have incorporated an innovating system where you can play as well in full screen (touching the screen with two fingers you will see the game in 2D and with three fingers you will come back to vrAse mode), for those moments where you do not have vrAse with you. Copyright © Néstor Viña León in Tenerife. All rights reserved. "All this images are from a beta version of Hexa and they could not reflect the features of the final product" Copyright © Néstor Viña León in Tenerife. All rights reserved. We are going to come back to the comment section on Kickstarter, that we had left abandoned for a while. Once again, we apologize, we are a small team and sometimes we just have to many things to do. Applications for vrAse When we started the Project, we knew the virtual reality and augmented reality would have to use Smartphones to become successful platforms. Recently Tom’s Hardware made an interview of our CEO Miguel Schiaffino about the vision we have of the future of this industry. You can read the interview here: <url>#t=127 Another area super interesting for vrAse use is the possibility of watching “passive” contents (movies, series, documentaries, etc) and AR. Between all the interest created around vrAse, the desire to experiment new sensations via 360 videos is one of the favourite. Recently two companies we collaborate with, Finwe &amp; Kolor, announced the availability of new solutions for the 360 market. It deserves a visit to their websites. As well, we would like to remind the SDK open source we launched for Unity. It has been very well received and thanks to its open nature it invites developers to a challenge of constant improvements. Visit to the IAC Recently we visited the IAC installations to get the certificate they did for the design of our high quality definition lenses HDL01, which vrAse will get. As soon as we have the first units completely finished we will obtain a certificate for the optic system. In the image, Carl Bengtson Grafl (vrAse - Product, Branding and Communication) Jesús Burgos Martín (IAC - Project Director Manager), Rafael Melián Villalobos (vrAse Optician), Anselmo Sosa Méndez (IAC - Project Manager of OTRI) and Roberto Darío Ojeda (vrAse COO) See you soon guys! Hello again Backers! Here is the new update with all the news from the last weeks. We hope you will like it! QUALITY POLICY Since the beginning, the quality policy of Eyedak has been a protocol that guarantee the maximum quality in his optical systems. The protocol is based in three phases: Design : In this stage a team of high qualified optical engineers work on the optical system. Verify : An external entity audit the design, checking that it reaches the qualify specifications established. Certification : At this stage, after production, will be certificated that the process of manufacture and its result give a performance which achieves the highest quality standards, guaranteeing the ophthalmologic quality of the lenses / optical system. To ensure the quality protocol, Eyedak have signed the following agreements of collaboration Design of the optical system: Agreement with ASE Optics Europe ( www.aseoptics.com ), Rochester Precision Company, is an engineering services firm based in Barcelona, founded in 1994, to provide optical engineering support. Verification of the optical system: Agreement with Instituto de Astrofísica de Canarias ( www.iac.es ), one of the most famous astrophysical institutes in the whole world, based in La Laguna, Tenerife, providing information and advice services for research, development and innovation to the IAC personnel and external clients through their Office for the Publication of Research Results. Certification of the optical system: Provided by the manufacturer, who guarantees the maximum quality under the international standard of ophthalmic lenses. UNE EN ISO 8980-1:2004. OPTICAL SYSTEM Designed by ASE Optics and verified by IAC The vrAse prototype lens consists of an all spherical positive meniscus lens, which gave reasonable results. One of the major drawbacks is off-axis performance, since the high power lens cannot correct for spherical aberration and off-axis aberrations. In a conscious effort to improve image performance for the Vrase user, Eyedak undertook the improvement of the lens by partnering with an experienced optical design firm, ASE Optics Europe. The lens design was realized by experienced lens designers using state-of-the-art optical design tools, like Synopsys CODE VTM optical design software. With the new lens design, the targeted objective was to improve the off-axis performance, specifically improving the overall balance of third order astigmatism and distortion to yield improved contrast at the maximum field of view. This was achieved by using a positive aspheric meniscus ophthalmic lens design. The resulting new lens improves the off-axis performance by a factor of two. Modulation Transfer Function This is a measure of contrast, taking into account the pixel density of a state-of-the-art smart phone display. It can be seen that with the new aspheric lens the off-axis contrast is significantly improved. These results above are taking into account a full field of view of 104º, diagonally. The image simulations shown below are also calculated using a F-FOV of 104º, diagonally. The images are obtained by simulating the point spread function (PSF) across the field-of-view to obtain a PSF map. This 2D diffraction analysis is then weighed into an image file to produce the simulated image results as shown. This image method analysis also takes into account chromatic aberrations. Image Simulation In this scene, it can be seen that the edges of the image are sharper with the new aspheric lens design, vs. the first prototype off-the-shelf lens. The current specifications for the system are as in the table below: Maximum physical FOV, in degrees, of the optical system. Design FOV, in degrees, for a ideal image quality using a only one lens for eye. Maximum FOV of image, in degrees, per eye, for the maximum size of the screen image supported by vrAse, which is 138,4 x 85 mm / 6,39” with aspect ratio non standard. Medical explanation In Eyedak we have not only thought about the image definition of vrAse. During the development of the optical system, we have taken care of the visual security of our users. That is the reason why we have designed lenses with ophthalmologic quality that guarantee a safe use of vrAse. As well, we have included in the design of our optical design a system of wavelengths of light to protect the photoreceptors in our retina, allowing a safe use of vrAse. On the other hand, the optical system in vrAse can be adapted to compensate the spherical and cylindrical ametropies of our users. Like this, a user with myopia or farsighted will obtain an exceptional quality vision without glasses. vrAse lenses have a special design that will allow us to adapt them to users with astigmatism. If a user wishes lenses with his specific correction, with the information provided by the ophthalmologist, we will be able to create the specific lenses. Conclusion vrAse is an optical device of high quality, developed to produce a safe image for our eyes. Designed by ASE Optics ( www.aseoptics.eu ); verified by Astrofísica de Canarias ( www.iac.es ) and to be certificated by the manufacturer, by the international regulation of ophthalmologic lenses UNE EN ISO 8980-1:2004, minimizing the ocular tiredness and troubles in the eye when using vrAse. Almost as safe as reading a book in good light conditions. SMARTPHONE SIZES FOR VRASE As we have seen on the tables above, we have taken in consideration every important parameter to be able to design vrAse, from the optical point of view and from the actual and future technological state of smartphones. It is true that the trend is to make smartphone with smaller screens within a smaller space (less side margin). Adapting vrAse for big tablets would not be an interesting solution, and the reason is mainly a question of ergonomics (volume) and weight. After a deep analysis, we have established the maximum dimensions of the smartphones that can be use with vrAse, which are; 164 mm x 85 mm x 11 mm . With these dimensions we have the maximum visualization area of vrAse as 138’4 mm x 85 mm and standardized to 16/9, with a maximum screen size of 6,25 inches . There are already some manufacturers doing smartphones with this maximum size, and the trend may continue in this line. At the moment, the smartphone the closest to these dimensions is the LG G PRO 2 vrAseSDK FOR UNITY3D We are proud to announce that the Open source vrAseSDK for Unity3D is out and ready to use. Feel free to download, use, and modify it. The key features of vrAseSDK are: vrAse Head Tracker Stereo controller Camera sensor (detect when you hide the camera) Slashscreen-free (Although we´ll be happy if you recognize our work!) Optional splashscreen Immersive mode: hide navigation bars (coming soon also for nexus-like devices) You can download the vrAse SDK for Unity from our website: <url>éstor Viña León (Nesvi), the creator of the Unity SDK, where we will try to answer all your questions and we hope we can create an interesting discussion. This is the link <url>“Business to Business” congress so this time we have been able to make new contacts for future collaborations and get feedback from lots and lots of people from many different companies. The team in London was amazed by the response we had. One of our biggest fears was that, even with a stand, maybe people would not understand our concept or would not like it. Nothing to fear about obviously, as from the first hour until the very last minute of the last day, hundreds of people came to check vrAse project. And the feedbacks were much more than positive, new ideas came up, some developers were even really interested in creating contents for vrAse. People from Engadget came to our stand and here is the article they published about vrAse <url>’s best possible custom business visualization solutions. Today ViewAR is working on amazing commercial AR and VR visualization apps for some of the best known brands in the world, and we are proud to serve all of our clients as highly skilled engineers, passionate artists and driven entrepreneurs who truly love the really cool work that we do! FINWE Eyedak also has partnered with Finwe Ltd. , an agile software company, which provides mobile R&amp;D services and products. The focus is on groundbreaking mobile sensing and 3D user interaction solutions, which take the user experience to a new level. Applying selected leading technologies, Finwe team offers a variety of high quality mobile software R&amp;D services, ranging from concepting to software product deployment. Finwe Ltd has a great 360 panorama video software technology - a recording of a real world scene, where the view in every direction is recorded simultaneously. During playback, the viewer has control of the viewing to all directions. Hi guys, First, we’d like to say that everything here, at the Wearable Technology Show, is going on very well. People love contents and yesterday we had the pleasure to meet some backers. And here is the short video, finally! We are very sorry for the delay, but hope you’ll enjoy it. <url>’t hesitate to share advice to improve the forum. Please be patient because the Anti-Spam system will have to approve your user after the first three comments. <url>’t hesitate. If you are not assisting the congress but are in London and want to see the product, please write us a private message and we can meet outside the event. For all of you that can assist… you will be able to see the Final Unit Design! Again thanks for the support and see you soon! All the best, vrAse team Hey everyone, It is time to set things out, guys! Here is the end of this campaign and we are stepping into the future, right now. Let us ask you a last favor to finish in beauty and style ;-) People need to know us. This is not really ending as long as the countdown is going on, so… Please help us spread the word! Post it a last time on your facebook, your twitter, your bedroom wall, your neighbours’ wall, wherever you want. Let people discover you’re in. Let people have this luck too. We know, we know, we have asked for it before, and many times, but the key of success is also perseverance. We keep working, we both keep spreading, this is an association which has been more than efficient so far. Let’s not give up now! We are really happy you’ve trusted us and you’ve given us the chance to make our idea (brilliant one, between us) come true. So, today we also want to take time to thank you : WE’VE MADE IT! Yep, all together… We are proud you have been taken part in our adventure. Thanks a lot and don’t forget… Spread the word. Spread it everywhere, in any manner. We’ll definitely keep you updated on each step of our work and soon, vrAse will be YOURS! See you soon guys! Hi guys! Time seems to fly away as we are working on the final design and the production. It’s a great and positive excitement, but we might appear less available online. Let’s just tell you we are not forgetting you, on the contrary! Here is the latest news from vrAse developments for you: we have been invited to participate to one of the greatest events to come. “Inside AR” is going to be a huge meeting for all those who are involved in AR such as software and hardware developers; a conference where wearable computing and the future of AR, as well its impacts on our daily life, will be discussed. We are looking forward to assisting to this event and we hope it will be a constructive exchange with people from the AR community. Maybe will be back with new partners, who knows? As well, we have to encourage you to spread the word for this last week! Think of all these people who won’t have vrAse! We feel bad for them, we want everybody to have and be able to enjoy vrAse! Hello Everybody! Today we have an important announcement to make! The iMotion and vrAse teams are working hard to offer you the best experience possible on Virtual and Augmented Reality, as well as Movies. Right now, we're working on the compatibility of iMotion and vrAse, developing the SDK for mobile platforms. iMotion and vrAse are the perfect match! Check us out on Kickstarter! iMotion is the only hand-held controller that allows full 3D pinpoint accurate motion capture with a standard camera, and features 4-channel Bluetooth-enabled haptic feedback. A revolutionary device which is making a Kickstarter campaign right now <url>’t feel any eyestrain when you are enjoying vrAse. VISION CONDITIONS Before starting, we have to say we want everybody to be able to enjoy vrAse, and we are working really hard to make it real, but right now, the first generation of vrAse will be for almost everybody and the next one for everyone. Myopia: A visual defect in which distant objects appear blurred because their images are focused in front of the retina rather than on it.- People with myopia won’t have any problem to use vrAse properly. Only people who have more than 3 diopters will have to use contact lenses. Farsightedness (hypermetropia): is a common vision condition in which you can see distant objects clearly, but objects nearby may be blurry.- In this case the only option is to use contact lenses. Astigmatism: A visual defect in which the unequal curvature of the refractive surfaces of the eye prevents light rays from focusing clearly at one point on the retina, resulting in blurred vision. - In this case the only option is to use contact lenses. You have been a lot to ask for it... No new pledge will be necessary to receive an additional case for vrAse. It is going to be even simpler: if you wish to receive a perfect fit vrAse + the additional universal case, please add just £10 to your actual pledge. When we come back to you after the campaign, to know which version you want, we will check as well if your pledge included the extra universal case. www.vrase.com The new website is already uploaded and working properly! It has been lots of hard work but finally here it is! We appreciate your feedback and we will love reading your comments; with them we will make an even better website. We are everyday closer to the funding goal! Now it is the moment to make the world discover vrAse, we are contacting media, families, friends, people in the street, everybody everywhere! Because we really believe they will love vrAse once they know about it! Please let your friends, colleagues and family about vrAse. A really big thank you to all our backers! We are really cheerful to announce the collaboration between vrAse and aethear AR! AETHER AR turns the Android smartphone in the depths of your pocket into the ultimate Augmented &amp; Virtual Reality experience! AETHER AR is the first operating system of virtual reality that will allow you to do amazing things like sending videos in real time from your smartphone to your PC, or using your smartphone screen for augmented reality, which means see the real life setting with your icons floating in. These are only examples of the limitless possibilities which can be created in augmented reality. Please have in mind that aethearAR is a “work in progress” application. What is aetherAR? aetherAR is built on two core principles: • A Suite of Android Apps: A Launcher, Task Manager, Widgets &amp; more! • Low-Level Framework &amp; ROM: Providing Apps with Augmented Reality data &amp; rendering You can check their website www.aetherar.com This is amazing! We did not expect this so fast! You are making this project possible, and in exchange we promise to work really hard everyday to make vrAse even better, rechecking the design to make it look more awesome, speaking with game developers to create new games for vrAse ASAP, collaborating with software developers to create new and revolutionary software for Augmented Reality. As soon as we make this official, you will be the first to know! Yes!!... You asked for it and we have worked on it! Now we are going to offer you the possibility to use any smartphone with vrAse. As our design is totally modular, we will design a universal case adaptor that will accept smartphones with screens from 3’5” up to 6’3”. Of course, we still recommend using vrAse “perfect-fit” cases, as those are specific for each phone and have been selected because the specifications offer a better experience (new sensors, high resolution screens, etc). Now, if your phone is not in the list, you will be able to enjoy vrAse from day one until you get one of those new cool, powerful and shiny new smartphones. Also please remember that vrAse is best experienced with smartphones that have screens from 5” up to 6”. When the KS campaign is over, just choose the “perfect-fit” case for your phone or the “universal” one. Thanks, and please share this important news!