Hey Exiles! We are writing today to share some updates on the company, including the release today of our third Kickstarter-funded title. Last week, we also released a version of Wasteland 2: DC on the Nintendo Switch. The game is currently available on Nintendo’s eShop and a physical version is arriving on Dec. 4th. Finally, if you haven’t backed Wasteland 3, but are interested in the project, you can follow its progress here: <url>’s Tale series. For the first time since 1988’s The Bard’s Tale III: Thief of Fate, players can return to Skara Brae in The Bard’s Tale IV: Barrows Deep. <url>’s Tale game in August, The Bard’s Tale Trilogy , a remastering of the original games. If you are a fan of the originals, give it a look. I bring it up because the studio we are partnered with on the project, Krome, is also working with us on a remaster of the original Wasteland called Wasteland - 30th Anniversary Edition . There isn’t a store page for it yet, but keep an eye on our Facebook and Twitter feeds. We’ll be talking more about it later in the year, and it’s due in early 2019. Thanks for letting us catch you up on what’s going on at inXile. We hope that you will check out The Bard’s Tale IV: Barrows Deep and that we’ll be seeing all of you when Wasteland - 30th Anniversary Edition and Wasteland 3 arrive next year. Chris Keenan Project Lead – Wasteland 2 @rangerkeenan Hello Exiles, It's been some time since we were last in contact with you about Wasteland 2. Since we released the Director's Cut, we've been working on other titles, including Torment: Tides of Numenera, which is in its final stage of development and releasing early next year, and The Bard's Tale IV, which is in the works at our new NOLA studio and deep in production , and looking great - in fact, we just put out a new video showing it off . But, as you might have guessed, we could never leave our crowdfunding roots behind. Today, we have launched a campaign over at Fig for the next game in the Wasteland series ! For the first time, we are moving to a new platform. Fig is a relatively new crowdfunding site, and I've been on its advisory board along with others including Feargus Urquhart from Obsidian. Fig allows you to back the game and get the best value and rewards early on, and also opens the door for investors, both accredited and unaccredited. We know this is a change, but this will help ensure we can grow our games bigger and better than ever, while still being able to remain independent, keep creative control over our titles, and get to continue working on the role-playing games we love. So just what is Wasteland 3 ? A party-based role-playing game , with a renewed focus on our trademark complex story reactivity and strategic combat . By including vehicles , environmental dangers , and a revamped, more fluid action system , we are evolving on Wasteland 2's deep tactical turn-based combat and unique encounter design. Play by yourself or with a friend in story-driven synchronous or asynchronous multiplayer. Choices open up (or close off) mission opportunities, areas to explore, story arcs, and tons of other content. Your Ranger Base is a core part of the experience. As you help the local people and establish a reputation in Colorado, quests and narrative will force you to make decisions on how to lead . The game will be set in the savage lands of frozen Colorado , where survival is difficult and a happy outcome is never guaranteed. Players will face difficult moral choices and make sacrifices that will change the game world . Wasteland 3 will feature a deep and engaging story utilizing a newly-revamped dialog tree system from the celebrated writers of Torment: Tides of Numenera. Simultaneously releasing to Windows, Mac, Linux, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. Wasteland 3 will be a huge game. With Wasteland 2, we learned a ton, and we built many of those improvements and updates into the Director's Cut – updated visuals, deeper combat, perks and quirks, and more. With Wasteland 3 we will be taking the best part of what made that game great while improving on the things you have most requested and adding even more depth and detail. All the full details can be found over at the campaign page , but here's a taste: <url>– alpha access, exclusive collector's edition boxes, concept art books, and even a Night Terror plushy (yes, we did it). We can't say it enough: you all make it possible. Thank you once again for making Wasteland 2 a reality, and with your help we can continue to keep our independence and continue creating role-playing games you love. Let's make Wasteland 3 happen! Brian Fargo Leader in Exile Follow Us: Facebook | Twitter Hello Exiles, Today we are happy to release the first major update for Wasteland 2: Director's Cut on PC. This update is available on Steam right now, and will be rolling out to other stores such as GOG.com in the next day or two. This release brings a number of bug fixes, balance improvements, and new features in the form of official Steam Controller support (Steam only) and Turkish localization thanks to our fan community. If you picked the game up on consoles, then note that the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 versions of the update have been sent to Microsoft and Sony, and are currently going through the certification and approvals processes on both platforms. We will be releasing on both consoles as soon as we are able. Release Notes Highlights Fixed companions not spawning correctly at HQ after dismissing them. Fixed disappearing Perks on companions after dismissing them. Fixed inability to open doors in Ranger Citadel and Ag Center Central Complex after using Examine while playing with a controller. Added Steam Controller support! Select Steam Controller from the Options menu to use it (Steam version only). Export option has been re-added to Character Creation. Look for it on the final step for that specific character you want to export (Select Quirk). Perk and Quirk balance updates and improvements. Known Issues Some users may notice a memory leak while playing for longer periods of time. This is a known Unity engine bug and will be addressed in a hotfix in the near future. Steam Controller support may not function correctly on some Windows 8, Mac or Linux systems. We are currently investigating this. General Fixed companions not spawning correctly at HQ after dismissing them. Fixed disappearing Perks on companions after dismissing them. Fixed inability to open doors in Ranger Citadel and Ag Center Central Complex after using Examine while playing with a controller. Fixed a bug which could cause Precision Strikes with melee attacks to not apply correctly in certain conditions. Fixed a bug with Rangers sometimes running in place when conversation or cutscene stopped them. Fixed a bug where Ranger running animation could stutter when playing with a controller at low framerates. Fixed a bug which could cause killed enemies to respawn if the player manually saved over and loaded the AutoSave slot. Fixed a bug where saving the game was greyed out after fixing the robot arm in the Ag Center Central Basement. Fixed a bug where resetting keybindings to defaults and then customizing them immediately after could result in corrupt keybindings after restarting the game. User Interface Export option has been re-added to Character Creation. Look for it on the final step for that specific character you want to export (Select Quirk). Fixed a bug where male portrait snapshots weren't taking height of the character into account properly. Snapshots should now correctly show the character's face. Fixed a bug where custom portraits would sometimes temporarily disappear from the portrait gallery. Fixed a bug/exploit where Attribute points could be gained or lost permanently with certain status effects. Fixed a bug which could sometimes prevent selecting certain skills in the Skills screen while playing with a controller. Fixed a bug which could sometimes cause the Skills Radial menu to only show Lockpicking as a valid option while playing with a controller. Fixed companion members showing conversation cursor while in the squad. Audio Fixed voice-over lines not playing in some conditions after returning to a location. Conversation voice-over dialog now plays as 2D audio. Bark voice-overs now play as 50/50 2D and 3D so they can be better heard at a distance. Fixed Sniper Rifle reload sound on certain weapons. Gameplay Added Steam Controller support! Select Steam Controller from the Options menu to use it (Steam version only). Fixed Meson Cannon not properly firing on the player. Fixed Attack of Opportunity melee Perks from interfering with Ambush functionality. Added some more Shovels to vendors throughout the game, just in case the player lost theirs. Added missing Open tooltips to the Highpool Underground doors. Players were missing that the doors could now be opened simply by left-clicking on them. Turned off Investigate Sounds property from the Rodia vendor guards near the gate. This was causing them to run around awkwardly if the player fired weapons nearby. Lucky CON bonus on characters is now saved properly. Fixed a bug where a cutscene sometimes wouldn't end in Temple of Titan the second time you visited Dr. Kyle. Veteran characters are exported correctly on game end. Veteran characters no longer get exported with missing clothes. They were being dealt a certain damage type in the endgame which also just happened to vaporize clothing. Balance Increased the effects of Manic Depressive to +2/-2 to Attributes, to make it a bit more compelling to select. Reduced the effects of Disparnumerophobia to +1/-1 to Attributes. Increased the Applied Force line of Perks slightly. Increased time range for Animal Husbandry effects to take place. Increased Tactical Positioning damage bonus slightly. Increased the Whack-a-Mole bonus to Chance to Hit slightly. Increased the Bomberman bonus to Area of Effect range slightly. Increased the Long Arm bonus to Throw Distance range slightly. Increased the Loose Change drop chance slightly. Increased the bonus granted by Intimidating, Affable and Know-it-All, to make them more compelling to select. Reduced the Improvised Explosives salvage chance slightly. Removed Friendly Fire chance from Master Hunter entirely. Fixed Bandit line of Perks to no longer affect Submachine Guns. Increased the Bandit line of Perks bonus attack chance. Opportunist now shows the correct bonus damage. The text was previously incorrect. Increased the effective range of Opportunist bonus damage slightly. Increased Big Game Hunter and Roboticist bonus damage. Updated the Alarm Disarming line of Perks, Ghost and Quick Reflexes. Ghost is now placed at a lower skill requirement and Quick Reflexes now grants permanent bonus Evasion. This should make them more compelling to take. Removed Conductive flag from Goat Hide Armor, since it's not made out of metal. Improved some old unique weapons so that they are more worthwhile to use. Removed an erroneous 1.2x Field Medic skill multiplier on Mysophobic. The flat bonus healing effects still remain as described. Localization Added Turkish localization. Thank you to Cem Filiz and the Crewals localization team for their kind efforts. Localization updates to in-game text. Thank you to our player community for these improvements. Misc. typo and localization fixes. Director's Cut Review Round-Up We have been absolutely thrilled by the reception of the Director's Cut. The response to both the PC version as well as the console versions has been phenomenal and we've got great scores from over a hundred different publications, both throughout North America and Europe. We've got a cross section of scores here for your perusal: Critically Sane - 5/5 stars ZTGD - 9/10, Editor's Choice Award Gaming Trend - 90% Digital Chumps - 9/10 Gaming Enthusiast - 9/10 Comic Buzz - 9/10 Communidad Xbox - 87% (Spanish) Playstationclan.be - 86% (Dutch) IGN - 8.5/10 ThisIsXbox - 85/100 God is a Geek - 8.5/10 Everyeye.it - 8.5/10 (Italian) G4me - 8.5/10 (Dutch) COG Connected - 85/100 MeriStation - 8.4/10 (Spanish) MMORPG.com - 8.2/10 GamePro.de - 81/100 (German) Examiner - 4/5 stars Gameswelt.de - 8.0/10 (German) Eurogamer.it - 8/10 (Italian) CGMagazine - 8/10 Xbox Only - 8/10 (Dutch) Xbox One UK - 8/10 GameRevolution.com - 4/5 Independent.ie - 8/10 PSGamer - 8.0/10 IGN España - 7.8/10 (Spanish) Some of them also had some choice words which definitely made our day around the office! "A vast, immersive adventure filled with danger and adventure that mixes elements of Fallout with Baldur’s Gate and XCOM. One thing that is clear is that there’s nothing else like Wasteland 2 on the PS4 right now. It’s an old school challenge, abyss-deep and sprawling, that rewards your continued efforts with a real sense of accomplishment and progression." - God is a Geek "Wasteland 2 offered gamers a modern revamp of a sorely missed angle on RPG games, and the Director’s Cut enhances the year-old game further, adding value, depth, and polish to an already well-rounded game. This one deserves a spot on your list of games to get to sooner than later." - Examiner "... the Director's Cut is clearly the definitive way to play. There should be little surprise in that, though -- any game with what amounts to about an extra year of development time is bound to improve, but inXile, fueled by Producer Brian Fargo, have clearly not lost the passion for this game and it shows with the sheer volume and depth of changes they have incorporated here." - Digital Chumps In the News Meanwhile, there's a couple of Wasteland 2 articles you might have missed lately. The first is an interview with Brian at PC Gamer where he gives his thoughts on the Wasteland and Fallout series of games, with his particular thoughts on Bethesda's new take on the series. The second article is a fun one from Kotaku's Patrick Klepek, who went deep down to figure out the mystery of Wasteland 2's big red button in the Hollywood Sewers. The results may shock, amaze, surprise, and confuse you even further! Shout-Out We have a final shout-out for you today. If you were anything like us, you grew up playing classic adventure games, and one of those most famous is Another World (also known as Out of This World). Its creator, Eric Chahi, was also responsible for some of the most memorable and unique games of the 80s and 90s, including titles published through Interplay like Future Wars and Heart of Darkness. Now, a biography detailing his work and going behind the scenes on many of his historic titles is on Kickstarter , and could use your help. If you are a fan of Eric Chahi's games or would just like to see an interesting slice of gaming history, then take a look. That's all for now everyone. We hope you enjoy your Wasteland adventures! Signing out, Eric Schwarz Line Producer/Designer - Wasteland 2 Hello Exiles! Wasteland 2: Director's Cut is OUT NOW on Windows, Mac and Linux for Steam and GOG.com users! <url>– the destruction of civilization and near-extinction of mankind, that story of survival in a harsh world by a solitary few – are timeless and universal. The original book was turned into a movie three times, including 1964's the Last Man on Earth, as well as a series of comics and a radio play, showing how much a strong idea can reappear over the years in different formats. I'm sure you can recognize much of that in Wasteland 2. While The Omega Man was one of my first exposures to the post-apocalyptic genre, it wasn't my last. Mad Max, the 1979 film by George Miller and starring Mel Gibson had a profound influence on me, combining those post-apocalyptic, sci-fi storylines with a gritty aesthetic and harsh world full of leather, guns, cannibal tribes and fast cars. The famous minimalist world-building of Mad Max makes it an incredibly iconic setting and it's one that countless creators have been shaped by. And once again, the recent Mad Max: Fury Road movie shows that a strong creative vision can be maintained over decades of time. When it came time to create Wasteland 1 in 1988, it was a culmination of all my influences in the post-apocalyptic genre. The game took those themes of man-made devastation at the hands of the world's superpowers, and combined them with the deserts, guns and tribes of Mad Max, all set in the post-nuclear Arizona wastes. The game was also steeped in 80s culture and imagery, and many of those dark sci-fi images which came out at the time made it into Wasteland 1, in the form of the game's robots and its punk rock style. The rest is history (and if you want to own a piece of that history, we're still offering limited edition signed art prints of the original Wasteland 1 cover ). Wasteland 1 was a huge success, but when exploring the idea of a sequel, Interplay and I no longer had the rights to the game. Instead, we built Fallout, which had some of its own spin on the post-nuclear genre with its unique 1950s theme – inspired by the look and vision of the future seen in the Golden Era of science fiction. We still made sure to carry over plenty from Wasteland into Fallout – Shadowclaws became Deathclaws, the Guardians of the Old Order became the Brotherhood of Steel… but Power Armor? Power Armor is always Power Armor. When I returned to Wasteland 2 on Kickstarter back in 2012 – has it been that long? – I wanted to bring back the same universe as the original game, pushing the 80s angle even more. And much like Fallout's references to Wasteland, so too are there many references to other works in the post-apoc and sci-fi genres which inspired the game. The Interceptor, the famous car from Mad Max, makes an appearance in Rail Nomads Camp, and the game's villain, Matthias, is a nod to Jonathan Matthias from The Omega Man. The game is also littered with smaller details, such as characters and in-game books hinting at A Canticle for Leibowitz, or a reference to my favorite post-apocalyptic book of all time, Swan Song, with an appearance by none other than Sister Creep. The post-apocalyptic genre is like no other out there, because it shows us the darker side of humanity, and what can happen when our normal societal rules break down. While traditional sci-fi often gave us an idealized view of the future and of humanity, it's post-apoc which has fascinated me because of just how plausible it is. That idea of waking up one day with the society you know suddenly gone is one which strikes a chord in everyone, and creates a great basis for interesting ideas and adventures. And of course, with Wasteland 2, we made history once again, helping to prove that crowdfunding is a viable way to make games, and that those hardcore CRPGs are most definitely not dead! We're launching on Steam at midnight Pacific time tonight, with other platforms like GOG.com to follow as soon as possible while their teams prep the release. If you want to help us get the word out there, we set up a Thunderclap campaign to help spread the call far and wide. Every bit of support we get helps. We hope that you can come back to Wasteland 2 and enjoy it even more than the original. Whether you are a new player just getting into the game for the first time, or a rugged vet who's been here since the beginning, the Director's Cut is our gift to you, and our own newest contribution to the post-apocalyptic genre. Let's keep the flame burning! Thank you, Brian Fargo Leader in Exile Hello Exiles, As we speed towards the release of Wasteland 2: Director's Cut in a little over one week (!), we're hard at work making sure that the finishing touches to the game are ready. Most of our time recently has been spent making sure the PC version of the game plays as well as it can. This means all sorts of updates to the user interface to bring it more in line with PC gamers' standards, to making sure the controller input modes function correctly, to compatibility and performance optimization – all those little things we do towards the end of any project that turn it into a finalized, complete game that we can be proud of. But before that, we have some cool new media to share with you. New Trailers In the last couple of weeks, been sending our own message of hope across the airwaves that Wasteland 2 is back and better than ever. To that end, we've put out a series of trailers to help show the game off in this busy season. We have two we'd like to share with you today; check them out below! <url>– the Inventory grid got bigger, the Perks menu shows you more Perks at once, and all the text has been moved over to tooltips instead. One of the other things we wanted to address was to make using skills and objects a bit easier. In the original Wasteland 2, we used a hotbar where you could assign your skills and items. While this let us accommodate a huge number of options, it also meant that sometimes, common actions like lockpicking doors would get repetitive, requiring you to hunt for your squad member with the right skill and then select it manually each time. You can still interact with objects using the hotbar if you prefer, but we also added a new right-click contextual menu. If you come across an object that has skill checks on it, just right-click it – the game will show you all perceived and valid options available, as well as the skill odds of the highest level character in your party who can use that skill. Then, left-click an icon and your best Ranger for the job will use it. After using skills this way, most of us are finding it impossible to go back. We've also gone and given Precision Strikes a similar look and feel, replacing the radial menu used on controllers with a set of vertical buttons. Just right-click an enemy in combat to bring this up and you'll be able to target them for a Precision Strike – provided you've got a weapon capable of them. Certain less precise weapons such as shotguns and machine guns won't be able to use Precision Strikes, but they do have other advantages to make up for it. Shout-Outs As usual, we've got a few shout-outs for you. The first goes to First Wonder by Rogue Rocket Games, a Kickstarter game intending to bring back the classic and unique gameplay of Giants: Citizen Kabuto and MDK, titles you may be aware Brian Fargo was involved in publishing back at Interplay. The project is headed by its original creator Nick Bruty, and could use some support, so check it out if you like jetpacking around huge open levels or stomping around them as a big monster. Another great blast from the past comes from our friends Harebrained Schemes, creators of the highly successful revival of the Shadowrun cRPG series. Jordan Weisman, the creator of BattleTech and MechWarrior, is back with a new single-player, turn-based BattleTech game , driven by the highly tactical 'Mech combat that is the trademark of the series. After the excellent Shadowrun games, you know this one's worth a look! News A few more tidbits on the Wasteland side of things. First, we're running a Thunderclap for Wasteland 2: Director's Cut . We depend a huge amount on our fans to spread the word on the game, and social media is invaluable for us. We had great success with using Thunderclap for The Bard's Tale IV , reaching tens of thousands of people during its Kickstarter, and we're going back for another round with the Director's Cut. If you're willing to lend your support, please check it out. And last, but not least, Kotaku UK did a fun article on the "true origins" of Fallout , which of course means Wasteland. The piece talks about some of the reasons which led to Fallout becoming a distinct property from Wasteland, but spends most of its length detailing the many references you will find to Wasteland in the Fallout games. It's a big nostalgia drip for anyone who's played either the old Fallout games or the original Wasteland, so check it out and you might learn something new about the games! Thanks everyone, and we'll see you closer to launch on October 13th ! Eric Schwarz Line Producer/Designer @searanox Hey Exiles! We come to you now with what may be one of our last couple of updates before the release of Wasteland 2 Director's Cut on PC and consoles! Over the last few weeks, we’ve hit some great milestones on the way to the Director’s cut release, including passing certification for both Microsoft and Sony. This gives our retail distribution partner, Deep Silver, enough time to manufacture and ship copies of the game all over the globe, prior to our release date (October 13th in North America and October 16th for the rest of the world). The certification process with console manufacturers is required before either Microsoft or Sony will feel comfortable that the software follows a series of standards. While not glamourous, they are meant to ensure that games will uniformly handle a large list of issues that players might encounter while enjoying games on their consoles. This process is quite stressful (as attention to detail is imperative), but always feel like a nice accomplishment when you get the approval email. High fives were most definitely in order on approval day. PC, Mac, and Linux Director’s Cut Released October 13th The PC, Mac, and Linux versions of the Director’s Cut will all be available for you to download and play on October 13th, no matter where you live in the world. If you have the game on Steam or GOG, it will be automatically unlocked for you to enjoy on that date. The final month and a half of remaining time before release will be spent on some final touches as well as integrating full controller support on PC for those of you who would like to play it that way. We will continue to refine the interface, quirks, perks, precision strikes and combat scenarios until they pry our hands off the code. Companion Voices One feature we haven't detailed yet is our updated voice-over. Wasteland 2 was a game full of unique, quirky and interesting characters, especially our companion NPCs. The Director's Cut has given us a chance to go back and add a massive amount of VO to the key characters in the game, most notably our CNPCs. You will find the Wasteland is a much more lively-sounding, personality-filled place in the Director's Cut. Below, you'll find a few samples of voice-over from some of our many wasteland inhabitants... Scotchmo: Vulture's Cry: Dan Q: Sister Rose: Quarex: Wasteland 2 in the News Thomas Beekers recently traveled out to Cologne, Germany to take part in 2015's Gamescom event. As one of the biggest gaming shows worldwide, Gamescom is a great opportunity to show off Wasteland 2 Director's Cut to press as well as fans. We were showing off the game at two separate public stands as well as demoing it for press, and got a great reception all around! In fact, Wasteland 2 has been in the press quite a bit following Gamescom (as well as in some late E3 2015 news). Here's a handful, including an extended walkthrough of the console version of the game by Thomas: <url>"Fallout's forefather returns" (German): <url>– not to mention you can roast marshmallows in space, which is always a bonus. It was the winner of both the Grand Prize and Excellence in Design at the 17th Annual Independent Games Festival. Outer Wilds is the first game launching on the new crowdfunding platform, Fig . Fig is a new crowdfunding venture, with curated campaigns that offer the potential for equity funding . Its board of advisors includes some of the top names in crowdfunding, including our CEO Brian Fargo and Obsidian Entertainment CEO Feargus Urquhart. We hope you'll give the first project on this new platform a look! Last but not least, it's been an amazing period for RPG releases. Shadowrun: Hong Kong has launched as of August 20th . As one of the long-standing RPG developers on Kickstarter, Harebrained Schemes have once again put out a sci-fi cyberpunk RPG in the ever-enjoyable Shadowrun universe. The game has got a great reception so far, and of course, was made possible thanks to the contributions of its many backers. We'd like to congratulate Harebrained Schemes on another successful crowdfunded release. And then, just this week Obsidian released The White March – Part I, the first piece of their major expansion to their Kickstarter RPG Pillars of Eternity . Part I of the White March adds additional characters levels, spells, talents, areas, items as well as two now companions, the monk Zahua and the rogue called the Devil of Caroc. That's everything for now. We hope you will check out Wasteland 2 Director's Cut this coming October –in the meantime, we've got a game to finish up! Chris Keenan Project Lead – Wasteland 2 @rangerkeenan Hello Exiles, We have some big news to share with you today, so we'll just cut right to the chase. Wasteland 2 Director's Cut will be releasing digitally on PC on October 13, 2015 ! Additionally, for Xbox One and PlayStation 4 , digital and physical releases will be coming on October 13th in the Americas , and October 16th Worldwide ! As we've said before, anyone who already owns Wasteland 2 on any digital PC retailer will be getting the Director's Cut as a free update on PC. We'll have more information as we get closer to release, but it's our intention to make sure it's as easy a process as possible. Keep your eyes peeled on our Wasteland 2 forums as we'll be putting up FAQs and similar in the coming weeks towards release. For those of you who are still curious about the Director's Cut contents, features, and changes, or may have missed our discussions on them previously, here are some links that go over some of those new elements in detail. Quirks , a new set of gameplay-modifying personality traits and characteristics for your squad. Perks , new bonuses you will be able to pick for your characters as they level up. Precision Strikes , a combat technique allowing you to you target enemy body parts to inflict debilitating effects and injuries. Upgraded to Unity 5, featuring redone environments, lighting, and character models . And those do not even fully cover all the new additions, like new and expanded voice-over for many of the game's key NPCs and companions, as well as our extensive rebalancing of virtually every combat encounter, loot drop, and item you'll find in the game. We're now in the home stretch of development. Our final tasks in the several weeks before final release include polishing up the game as much as we can, including tweaks, optimizations, fixes and balance adjustments. We hope you will enjoy the changes and updates as much as we enjoyed bringing them to you. New Screenshots We've got a bunch of new screenshots ready for you for this announcement, showing off some of our graphical updates and changes to our environments and character models. Our art team has worked tirelessly to make sure the Wasteland is more vibrant and detailed than ever, and we're extremely pleased with the results. Last Call for Wasteland Playing Cards As you may well be aware, we've partnered with Jackson Robinson and Kings Wild Project to provide you with some awesome Wasteland-themed playing cards . His campaign is in its final hours with just over one day left , so if you want to pick up some of these backer-exclusive cards, now is your last chance. E3 Coverage &amp; Gamescom As we mentioned in a previous update , we were at E3 2015 in June, and we had a great experience.It's exciting and useful for our development to actually get people playing this new version of the game, and we wanted to share some of the E3 coverage with you if you'd missed it previously: There are preview write-ups from GameReactor , RPGFan , iDigitalTimes , Hardcore Gamer , and Xbox Achievements in English, as well as non-English coverage from vgBR.com (Portuguese), GeeksAndCom (French), IGN IT (Italian) and 9lives (Dutch). In addition to interview content in the above, there are interviews with Brian Fargo from GameCrate , Akihabara Blues and Press Start TV . That's not the last of our public showings, though - we will also be demoing Wasteland 2 Director's Cut at Gamescom! See you next time! Chris Keenan Project Lead - Wasteland 2 @rangerkeenan Hello Exiles, Things have been pretty hectic and crazy the last weeks around inXile HQ, especially as we rocket towards finishing Wasteland 2 Director's Cut. The good news is that things are shaping up awesomely on all fronts! Director's Cut Live Stream with Quill18 During our Bard's Tale IV Kickstarter closing party, we will be live streaming from 4 PM to 6 PM PST with renowned Twitch and YouTube star Quill18 . As a special treat, we will be demoing Wasteland 2 Director's Cut live for you during the stream. This is the first time we are publicly showing live gameplay. The stream will be hosted on Quill18's Twitch channel , and we will try to get it archived for you afterwards, but join us live if you are able. You will not want to miss it! A Precise Look at Precision Strikes One of the main features we have been working on for the last little while has been Precision Strikes, our called shots-type system that many fans of post-apocalyptic games will be familiar with. This is actually one of the earliest features we designed and prototyped for the Director's Cut, but it also went through a lot of subtle changes and iteration along the way. And now we can finally show it off to you! First, what exactly are Precision Strikes? Put simply, they a new shot type we have added to combat. Precision Strikes will let you aim at specific enemy body parts, and depending on the body part you fire on, you will be able to inflict debilitating status effects. When we approached Precision Strikes, we had a few goals in mind. First, we didn't want Precision Strikes to feel like they were always the superior option. We wanted Precision Strikes to live up to their name – to be used tactically and situationally – rather than being used each and every time. On that note, we also wanted Precision Strikes to all be useful in their own ways. We made sure each type of Precision Strike had its own unique qualities. Different enemies have different strengths and weaknesses (something we had to further refine and accentuate thanks to our rebalancing and new additions like Precision Strikes and Perks), and with Precision Strikes you will have ways to counter them effectively. When attacking enemies, you have up to four Precision Strike options. We are still tweaking the numbers a bit, but their effects are: Head: 1.35x damage, +25% crit bonus, chance of rendering the enemy confused or psychotic, causing them to attack their friends or behave erratically. Significant Chance to Hit penalty. Torso: 0.8x damage, reduces the enemy's Armor. Small Chance to Hit penalty. Arms: 0.7x damage, reduces the enemy's Chance to Hit, chance of destroying their weapon and causing it to explode in a shower of shrapnel. Moderate Chance to Hit penalty. Legs: 0.7x damage, reduces the enemy's Combat Speed, chance of knocking them down and reducing their Action Points. Moderate Chance to Hit penalty. We wanted Precision Strikes to be fairly reliable so that you'd want to use them often, but to also capture a degree of randomness, allowing you to cause cool and unique effects. Sure, you might be able to reduce an enemy's Chance to Hit by aiming at their arms, but rarely, you'll actually destroy their weapon entirely, causing it to explode in their face for some extra damage. Little random elements like this let us make the system feel exciting and unpredictable. We even have some extra bits of polish in there as well. These body parts will vary in their naming a bit depending on the enemy type. For example, if you go up against a robot, you might find that instead of a head, it has a CPU, and instead of a torso, a chassis. We also have some new sounds, particle effects and even animations on certain enemies that also tie into the new system. Overall it's a ton of fun to play with. It really does add a degree of depth to the combat, and we can't wait for you to enjoy it yourselves. Wasteland 2 Playing Cards Funded! Another successful Kickstarter you may have seen featured in our previous updates is Jackson Robinson's Wasteland 2 playing cards ! His campaign funded in a little over 2 hours after launching, and he has so far raised a huge amount over his original goal. This has been an amazing collaboration, and we're very pleased with the results. Jackson recently shared a speed painting of someone you might recognize from Wasteland 2 – take a look below! <url>– Now on Kickstarter! The coolest thing we want to share today is a collaboration we started with Jackson Robinson , a Kickstarter veteran who has successfully funded and delivered on numerous projects on this service. His specialty is creating unique, themed, high-quality playing cards. Several of us backed his earlier projects, so when he pitched us the idea of doing a Wasteland-themed deck of cards, inspired by the story and characters of our game, we felt that it was a natural fit. As Jackson is an avid gamer and industry veteran, along with a true believer in the power of crowdfunding, we have total confidence in him to create high-quality cards that you'll enjoy either collecting or using with your friends for all kinds of tabletop card games. We were ecstatic to see this Kickstarter hit its funding goal in just a couple of hours after launch, but there's four weeks left for you to jump on board and get this unique collectable! Remember that these cards are limited-edition , and won't be available after the Kickstarter campaign, so get them now while they're hot ! Wasteland 2 Director's Cut Media Update The Director's Cut edition of Wasteland 2 is progressing well. We are running on all cylinders testing, polishing, and taking it through the required rigmarole for release. This includes the fun stuff – making sure the game is balanced and plays great – to the less exciting but still necessary, such as getting updated age ratings, re-doing the manual, creating new box art, and the big one, console certification. We'll have more in-depth coverage as we get closer to release, but we wanted to share some brand-new screenshots and a few new clips from the trenches. Enjoy! <url>– Wasteland 2 @searanox Hey Exiles, It's that time of the year once again! E3 2015 has come and gone, and the gaming world has been flooded with big news from all over the globe. And we are no exception to that, as we have a huge helping of items ourselves to share with you! The Bard's Tale IV – Just over 2 weeks left! As some of you might have heard, the team behind Wasteland 2 has also been running a Kickstarter campaign for The Bard's Tale IV . We've fully funded the project thanks to the support of nearly 30,000 backers, but are looking to make this the epic scale game that you have come to expect from us! With only two weeks left on our campaign, we want to close in a big way. <url>– and if you did, thank you! – the loyalty reward is also retroactive for you as well. Simply back The Bard's Tale IV on Kickstarter using the same account you did previously in our system. We'll contact you after the Kickstarter campaign concludes so you can make your selection. For more details and the full roster of options available, please visit this page . Of course, this is independent of our other special offer: all backers of The Bard's Tale IV at $20 and up, whether they've backed us before or not, will be getting a free copy of the Bard's Tale I-III Trilogy, letting everyone experience the original games that started it all. We are very cognizant of how many emails you get each day so we promise not to update on the Bard’s Tale Kickstarter campaign again. Supporting inXile with each of our endeavors allows us to bring you a certain style of RPG that we know you love. So, we invite you to join us to hail the Bard’s return! And now for something fun: Gavin/Miracle of Sound did a great rendition of "Money for Nothing", with his own RPG-themed take on it that we think will resonate with a lot of you. Take a look! <url>– Wasteland 2 Director's Cut is truly the definitive version of the game. And of course, anyone who currently owns Wasteland 2 will get the Director’s Cut on PC, Mac and Linux for FREE! E3 2015 – LA, here we come! Associate producer Thomas Beekers has been working hard this week, hanging out at E3 2015 in Los Angeles along with Brian Fargo, Maxx Kaufman, Joey Betz, Erika Sass and myself. They were all on hand to demo the game for the press and fans running on real console hardware. We've been thrilled to finally take the lid off and share this version of the game for the first time. We managed to snap some photos of the fun so we could share it with you. We are very proud of how great the game is turning out, and just how well it plays with a controller – not something you might expect from a top-down perspective party-based RPG. In fact, thanks to our new features like Precision Strikes, Perks and Quirks, the game celebrates replayability more than ever now. The feedback we got from E3 was great not just for the sake of press coverage, but also for letting us get the game in the hands of eager testers for the first time. The game played great, and we were also able to take those first impressions to fine tune the game even more. As we move towards release we will be working to polish things up and make this the best version of Wasteland 2 yet, whether you choose to play with keyboard and mouse, or with a controller in hand. As a general note, the screenshots and video in this update are all using our controller interface – but remember that we won't be forcing a controller-driven interface on you when you use mouse and keyboard. We showed you Quirks – now, here's Perks When we first announced this updated version of Wasteland 2, we hinted at a number of new features. One of those was Quirks, our personality-defining characteristics you pick when you start the game and which have both positive and negative aspects, but we haven't spoken about Perks in detail yet – the other side of the new character customization depth we've been cooking up. Perks, unlike Quirks, are gained as you level up your characters. As you progress in the game you will earn Perk Points, which you can spend on Perks whenever you wish. Perks are per-character bonus you pick, and unlike Quirks, they are always positive stat and gameplay adjustments. Right now, we have it set up so that you gain a new Perk Point every 3 levels, though we're currently playing through the game balancing things out, so the rate you earn Perk Points may change by final release. Perks also have Skill requirements to unlock – for instance, you might need 3 in Toaster Repair, or 7 in Assault Rifles, with more useful or powerful Perks typically at higher Skill requirements. This also gives us a great opportunity for us to give players more incentive to pick certain Skills, since now you might need to think about which Skills to get based on the Perks they unlock. Some Perks are a bit more universal in how they work. For instance, you might get a bigger Evasion bonus from hiding behind cover, but with others, you will get gameplay-altering features that will change how you approach combat or exploration, such as unlocking the ability to deal more damage when attacking from behind. Here's a few more examples: Deadeye: Slow and steady wins the race. In combat, your enemies keep an eye on you at all times - because if they don't, they're liable to lose theirs. Benefits: -1 Action Point cost when firing Sniper Rifles if you haven't moved during your combat turn Glancing Strike : Your prowess in close combat allows you to catch your enemies with a well-timed melee strike as they weave in and out of the fray. Benefits: Gain melee Ambush attacks against enemies when they move past you in combat, dealing 50% normal damage Powder Packer: You always seem to find ammo stuffed in the strangest places. Your friends won't ask. Benefits: +10% chance of finding bonus Ammo when looting And that's just a small sampling. We have over 80 Perks in the game for your party to earn, giving you new tactical options and choices in how you build your party. We are very happy in how the system has turned out and we can't wait to let you enjoy it! Texas Hold 'Em – Ranger style! We'd like to announce that we have partnered with Kings Wild Project and Jackson Robinson to Kickstart an awesome Wasteland-themed playing card deck! These cards feature art inspired by the game and look and feel awesome. You can view more photos of the cards here . The Kickstarter for these cards will begin July 1st, 7 PM Central time , so mark your calendar! That's all for now, but if you've been counting, we've still got a couple more bits and pieces to share with you before Wasteland 2 Director's Cut ends up in stores – or as a free update in your game library if you already own Wasteland 2 on PC. We hope to share more of those with you before we release in late summer of this year. Chris Keenan Project Lead - Wasteland 2 and The Bard's Tale IV @RangerKeenan Hello Exiles, Today is a very special day. As you may know, it marks the 30th anniversary of The Bard's Tale, the game that started my career in game development in earnest. And now, we want to bring back The Bard's Tale IV with the power of the crowd once again. The Bard's Tale IV Kickstarter The original game has a special place in my heart and fans have shown me time and again they still love the dungeon crawl genre and want more. With your help, I can finally make this long-awaited true sequel to the original The Bard’s Tale trilogy, bringing you that sense of discovery with challenging dungeons and devious puzzles that you loved and cursed all at once. And what’s more, if you back in the first 24 hours we’re throwing in a free game, your choice of an extra copy of Wasteland 2, or The Witcher or The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings. We hope you’ll join us! I also want to take a moment to thank you again for all the support you’ve shown us. With both our Wasteland 2 and Torment: Tides of Numenera Kickstarters we were blown away by your faith in us. The support you've given us on the previous campaigns stand as the high points of my career and has allowed me to go back to what I love, making cRPGs. Brian Fargo, Your Leader in Exile First up: hopefully you’ve heard that we are all set to launch our Kickstarter funding campaign for The Bard's Tale IV on June 2nd, 2015 . Check out the site to follow the countdown timer along with us, keep an eye on Kickstarter, or sign up for an email notification when we launch. We've also got a sneak peek at the reward tiers for our Bard's Tale IV campaign on our forums, and we'd love for you to check them out and let us know your thoughts before we go live! The Bard's Tale IV is a special project for us. The game was Brian Fargo's first major release and got Interplay off the ground 30 years ago. At inXile, The Bard's Tale was reimagined for consoles in 2004, and also found great success on mobile later on. Now, we're thrilled to bring you a true sequel to the original trilogy with The Bard's Tale IV. It'll be a game that goes back to the classic dungeon crawling style, and we are excited to share it with you as we bring it to life through the power of crowdfunding. If you're familiar with our development practices at inXile, you'll know that it's been our strategy to gear up preproduction on one game while another is in full swing. This methodology has the advantage of letting us set up a small early design and prototyping team, while the rest of the company is working on a game in full production. So once the production is complete on Torment: Tides of Numenera, that team of artists, engineers, animators, writers and designers can roll onto The Bard’s Tale IV. This means we don’t need to go through the cyclical layoffs that happens all too often in game development when a large project is finished. Crowdfunding is critical to helping us achieve that vision. Wasteland 2: Game of the Year Edition If you missed our last announcement, we just recently revealed that the heavily upgraded GOTY edition will be free to all owners of Wasteland 2 . This is our way of thanking you for making Wasteland 2 happen. Our work on the Wasteland 2: Game of the Year Edition is moving forward at a phenomenal pace. As more of our features get some well-deserved polish, we’re seeing the whole package coming together quite nicely. Today we’re going to show some of our interface updates, the overhauled character creation process, and discuss some details of our brand-new Quirks system. Take note that the screenshots below are not final art, and show off our new controller interface. They will still be tweaked as we get closer to release (and we'll be changing this further for keyboard/mouse as well). The Gang’s All Here The first thing we wanted to do with the GOTY Edition is make it easier to jump right into the game and get up to speed with a squad that can tackle the dangers of the wasteland. To do so, we've added the Squad Overview interface. Now, you'll have a better picture of your entire squad at a glance, so you can identify changes to make before starting on your mission. Your attributes, skills and traits are displayed here to help you identify your Ranger squad’s strengths and weaknesses. When you dive into each squad member's details, there's more new stuff to see. We've rearranged the layout of the Character Creation process significantly. Now, you customize your character's appearance, portrait, and bio as the first step. This provides a more natural progression, letting you establish your character's style before you think about what stats to give them. We've also added some quality of life improvements, such as an improved portrait gallery. From there, we move on to the Customize Ranger screen, where you edit all your stats and skills. It works just the same as before, but it's been visually upgraded to match the rest of our art changes and reorganized to be a bit easier to digest. We all have a few Quirks, right? The idea of a unique defining quality for your character has been a common and well-loved one in CRPGs for many years now. Quirks have great role-playing value by letting your characters have distinct personality elements from each other, which give them a special bonus that only they have. In a party-based game, we think it's important that all your characters feel unique, and that's what quirks will let you do. When we approached quirk design for Wasteland 2, we wanted to achieve a few different goals. It was important for us to avoid quirks that you "have to pick" in order to play your character the right way, or create quirks that are so good you'll always want to pick them on all your characters. By giving each quirk both an upside and a downside, we can make sure that they are interesting to play without becoming overpowered. This also means that quirks are optional – you can choose to go quirk-free if you want to, and you won't feel disadvantaged in doing so. We also wanted to have quirks that go beyond your typical stat tweaks, and act as fun or unpredictable gameplay modifiers. While some of our quirks take a simpler approach, some will give you a more radical change to gameplay that might require you make careful trade-offs and considerations. Of course, giving them a unique or compelling personality-based theme also means you'll definitely want to try them out. One such example is Repressed Rage. Some people are more mild-mannered than others, but sometimes it's the quiet ones you need to be careful about. With this quirk, you'll keep your anger bottled up inside, but you can only keep it that way for so long. When you take a critical hit in combat, you become enraged and gain a heavy damage bonus, in addition to a higher chance of scoring a critical hit. But on the flip side, your mild-mannered self won't be able to inflict "normal" critical hits. Obviously, this will have some implications for how you choose to build your character throughout the game. Another quirk we've had a lot of fun making is Two-Pump Chump. With this one, you live life fast – but perhaps a little too fast at times. You'll start combat racing for the finish line, and on those crucial early turns will have some bonus Action Points and a higher damage output to help you eliminate the enemy quickly. But after a few turns, your character will start to lose stamina and will suffer decreasing effectiveness over time. You'll want to make sure your initial zeal is powerful enough to take care of business before you become much less useful. And that's just a very small sampling. We have 20 quirks in total, and we hope you'll have as much fun building out your squad with these new modifiers as we had coming up with all of them. Shout-Outs There have been some impressive Kickstarters making the rounds, showing once again the format is still strong. We'd like to give a shout-out to Yooka-Laylee , a 3D platformer from the creative talent behind Rare classics like Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong Country. People were starving for another platformer of this type and it shows, as this Kickstarter is doing very well indeed! Next, there's Independent By Design , a book project about indie game development that documents the success stories about some of the highest profile independent game developers out there. We are also honored to be featured in the book among the ranks of some great developers, including Vlambeer, Introversion and many more. They're a little under halfway to their goal, so be sure to check them out and show your support. That's all for now! It's going to be a crazy next few months for both Wasteland 2 and The Bard's Tale IV , and we hope you'll join us for this wild ride! Chris Keenan Project Lead – Wasteland 2 / The Bard’s Tale IV @RangerKeenan Greetings, Exiles, A big announcement for all of you who have supported us from the start, but before we jump into that we wanted to let you know we are in the final stretches of preparing our Kickstarter for our next big game, The Bard’s Tale IV. If you loved Wasteland 2, nothing speaks more to that than continuing to support our independence in making these types of games, and we’d love to have you back! You can sign up to get an alert when we launch the Bard’s Tale campaign over on our official website . And now on to our big news… You may have caught word of our plans to release Wasteland 2 Game of the Year Edition on PC platforms, as well as Xbox One and PlayStation 4 - and if you haven't, you can check out some tidbits on the PlayStation blog , or watch the Xbox One or PS4 trailer. But while that's all well and good, we've been asked by many of our backers and fans over the last months: what about those that made Wasteland 2 a reality in the first place, or previously purchased the game? We’re very happy to announce that the Game of the Year Edition will be coming as a FREE UPDATE to all owners of Wasteland 2 on Windows, Mac or Linux . Whether an original backer, a late backer or someone who purchased the game later on, we will be providing Wasteland 2 Game of the Year Edition as an upgrade to your PC version of the game, available to you when it launches in late summer of this year! Wasteland 2 Game of the Year Edition will include a huge set of improvements on the original game. Wasteland 2 will be making the jump to Unity 5, the latest version of the Unity game engine, and benefits from updated environment textures, completely redone character models, and Physically Based Rendering for more impressive lighting. We’ve added a ton of new voice-over to enrich the game's cast of characters, including your trusted companions. The Game of the Year Edition also provides major updates to gameplay. One feature we're very proud of is our new Perks &amp; Quirks system, which we've teased a little bit previously with Eurogamer . In the GOTY Edition, you'll be able to customize your squad of Desert Rangers with over 80 Perks &amp; 20 Quirks, which let you fine-tune your characters throughout the game with unique bonuses and trade-offs. For instance, with Way of the Squeezins you'll become a little bit dependent on that special sauce, but gain some short-lived combat bonuses; Raised in the Circus will make you more nimble in combat, but you can bet there's a downside or two to looking like a clown. Our fans have also pointed out that one feature they loved in previous RPGs is the ability to do more finely targeted attacks. Well, we've been hard at work on that too. Our new Precision Strike system lets Rangers target individual body parts on enemies to gain the edge in combat. Wasteland 2's Precision strikes will tend towards less random and more reliable. With Precision Strikes, you'll be able to inflict debilitating status effects on your enemies to turn the tactical tide. For example, aiming for an enemy's torso will reduce their armor value, letting you hit them harder with your other squadmates, and firing on their head (or CPU, as the case may be) has a chance to stun or even send them into a psychotic state where they won't be able to tell friend from foe. With Precision Strikes the battlefield becomes much more dynamic and chaotic. Finally, to improve on the gameplay experience and ensure the above features are fitted in seamlessly, we're also overhauling game balance, item drops, and reworking the majority of combat encounters throughout the game. You'll need all your training and smarts to master the new dangers of the Arizona wastes. We'll have more to talk about as we get closer to release, as we're not quite ready to show off these features in the flesh, but if you’re hungry for more right now, Eurogamer has the most expansive interview on the Game of the Year Edition available , with me and Brian explaining the update and showing examples of the upgrades. You can also read more on Gameranx , Shacknews and Gaming Bolt . Wasteland 2 Game of the Year Edition is coming to you free as our way of thanking you for all your support. In an age of paid DLC and microtransactions, we’re thankful that you’ve given us an alternative way to make games we love. We’re very proud of what you’ve helped us accomplish and very happy that our business model is based on mutual trust and support, and this is part of that. Of course, that's not all for us. While the Wasteland team is hard at work and Torment is moving along in full production, we're also positively boiling with excitement to show you more of our third project, The Bard’s Tale IV , which we will bring to crowdfunding later, so keep your eyes open for more news on that. With your continued support, it's going to be a crazy and awesome year for us! Chris Keenan, Project Lead @RangerKeenan Howdy Rangers, It’s still early in the New Year and we’re coming out of the gates hot! We recently released the sixth major patch for Wasteland 2, which added Steam achievements for Mac and Linux, cleaned up some issues that were sitting on our lists, and included another pass on text and localization to make sure even the finest details are polished as best they can be. You can read the full patch notes here . Part of the newfound freedom we’ve gained from being an exclusively crowdfunded company is that it allows us to offer a high level of post-release support. While this is normal practice for an active multiplayer game, we believe that the ongoing improvements to the single player experience in Wasteland 2 are worth the time and money. The game truly continues to be a passion project for the team here at inXile. And we’re not done yet… If you've been keeping a close eye on things, you might have heard tell that we're looking at doing some more balancing and improvements of Wasteland 2 in the future. We have expanded our original plan and decided that this is going to be a part of something much larger for all our fans. In pursuit of this goal, one task we're working on right now is migrating the Wasteland 2 codebase from the Unity 4.5 engine to Unity 5, which will enable some new possibilities for us. A major benefit of moving to Unity 5 is that 5 will include many of the tools from Unity 4.x Pro. We relied on many of these tools during our development (like creating and building navigation meshes), and they will be available to modders without having to pay thousands of dollars for a Pro Unity license. There is no doubt that this migration will allow us to release better tools for modding to our community in the future. So what’s the “something bigger” that I teased earlier? Let’s just say that the Orange County lifestyle might be getting to us as the game will be receiving a facelift. Unity 5 offers physically based shading , which is already starting to look amazing in the scenes we’ve touched up. As well as visual improvements, we have quite a few quirky tricks up our sleeves. The character system is getting perked up and will include some new elements to modify gameplay. Of course, more details will be released in the future so stay tuned! The Bard’s Tale IV We’ve got much more going on at inXile right now than just Wasteland 2. Most of the team, of course, is currently working on Torment: Tides of Numenera , which is shaping up great! But, in addition to that, we’re also embarking on some very early technical research and design for our next title: The Bard’s Tale IV! We’re a ways out from giving more details on Bard's Tale IV, but it’s been thrilling to see the excitement that Brian’s announcement at PAX South has brought. His tweet on the topic is his most shared ever, and our posts on Facebook had incredible reach as well, combining for over 200,000 views, 2500 likes and 700 shares. Over 100 press stories followed on Brian’s announcement; there's too many to show, but IGN , Destructoid , Eurogamer and Rock, Paper, Shotgun are just the tip of the iceberg. If you want to join the discussion on Bard's Tale, we’ve opened up official forums here , and you can also follow us on Facebook here . Wasteland 2 Physical Goods By now, the vast majority of our physical goods have shipped out, including standard boxes and Collector's Editions. If you have not received your Wasteland 2 boxed copy, please get in touch as soon as possible by emailing <email> or using the Ranger Center contact form . We do not yet have a strict cutoff date, but we'd prefer everyone gets their copy sooner rather than later. Some of our backers were also due Doomsday Kits with their pledges. All of these have now shipped out to our backers in the United States, and we are in the final stages of shipping out to international backers - if that's you, don't worry, we'll contact you by email shortly with more details once we know they've left the building (and are no longer stacked ceiling-high in Matt's office). Shout-Outs We love seeing promising new games on Kickstarter, and we've got some notable ones we’d like to share. Our friends at ArtCraft Entertainment, helmed by Gordon Walton and J. Todd Coleman, has recently launched their Kickstarter for Crowfall, a new type of Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game . It is a unique MMO which focuses on passage of time, destructible environments, and massive player factions, politics, and warfare. It’s off to a great start, having funded in its first few days, so be sure to take a look. Meanwhile, OtherSide Entertainment has been running its campaign for Underworld Ascendant , which promises to be a spiritual follow-up to Ultima Underworld, a game that's near and dear to many folks at inXile. Underworld is spearheaded by Paul Neurath, who some of you might know for his work with Looking Glass Studios, which spans a pretty impressive portfolio: System Shock, Thief, and, of course, Ultima Underworld. They’re 99% of the way there as we’re posting this, and have 6 days left to hit some very enticing stretch goals. Consider jumping on board! We’d also like to congratulate our friends at Harebrained Schemes on their highly successful Kickstarter campaign for their next Shadowrun title, Shadowrun: Hong Kong . They were able to raise $1.2 million, and will be bringing a new mini-campaign to the Shadowrun universe. Missed the Kickstarter, they're running a second chance backer campaign until March 13th, check their website for more info . In Other News Brian Fargo has done an interview about crowdfunding, working with fans, and Wasteland 2 with Making Games . After winning PC World’s Game of the Year among other end-of-year mentions, we’re honored to be nominated for the SXSW Awards as one of the top crowdfunded projects of the year. We're sitting in good company among excellent titles such as The Banner Saga and Divinity: Original Sin, and we're blown away by the game's reception even several months after release. Finally, we have another gift for all of you: a free subscription for 3 digital issues of RETRO Magazine. RETRO is a Kickstarter-funded magazine written by veteran game journalists that focuses on revisiting some of history’s greatest games, and exploring the heritage of modern video games. Check the reward tab on your Ranger Center account to access this offer . Looking forward to another great year with you all! Chris Keenan, Project Lead @RangerKeenan As we end our Holiday break and wrap up this amazing year I wanted to again take the opportunity to thank you so much for making this all possible. I’ve been quite vocal that without crowdfunding, we would not have been able to make the kind of RPGs that we’ve been wanting to do and this is still the case. So many of our backers are developers themselves and we all have the common goal of making games that we are passionate about. And thankfully Wasteland 2 was well received and is considered a success story for crowdfunding. The pressure was intense and we loved every minute of it. We capped this year off by hitting #1 on the Steam sales chart again during the winter sale and being awarded the 2014 Game of the Year Award by PC World . This along with other wonderful mentions like TotalBiscuit announcing Wasteland 2 as the "Best Thing to come out of Crowdfunding" . Much of this yearly update is focused on Wasteland 2 for obvious reasons but Torment is making great strides and visually looks spectacular. The writing style is on point and does an excellent job of capturing the otherworldly feel of Numenera and the spirit of Planescape: Torment. Every word is being carefully crafted by an incredible design team. We are applying lessons learned from Wasteland 2 to Torment and are happy with our progress. As for Wasteland 2, we will continue to support it in a myriad of ways, in fact we just released our fifth major patch. We will continue to address bugs, improve localization, make balance passes and you can expect a few surprises in the future. We will always go above and beyond the call of duty to build your trust in our studio. We value goodwill greatly here at inXile. Wasteland 2's beta launched late last year, and activity and feedback was massive and very valuable. In January, we released an extensive update with many technical and user interface improvements. In February, the new build added a brand new inventory interface based on user feedback. In April the Canyon of Titan was unleashed and the new vendor screen added, as well as a large balance pass done. In May we added the final Arizona maps and did huge iterations on various HUDs. In August we added the local area map along with a huge pass on weapons, dropset and balance. The takeaway from all the above is that this game could not have been what it ended up being without your input and help… seriously. From providing ideas or even having some of you work directly on the game itself. Wasteland 2 became a much better game thanks to this process and all your help. There are so many moving parts to these large games and no amount of planning will be as valuable as our ability to iterate. Of course we couldn't leave such good deeds unrewarded, we were so happy about this process and our working with the backers that in June we decided to give beta access to all our backers. This is just one of our various rewards we've been releasing : depending on your tier you will find multiple game keys as well as digital copies of our three novellas with Chris Avellone still slaving away on his. We also had a blast working directly with our higher-end backers to implement their various ideas for NPCs, weapons and locations and every "that's awesome guys!" email just makes it better. Another big step was starting localization in May. We opened up the process to our fans and backers and have continued to support it after release, dedicated to giving our various fans the best version they can get in their language. This was not without its issues though, and we realized that the foreign language versions need more time for editors to make their continuity and play passes, but one thing we were more than happy with was the effort our volunteer translators put in! Physical goods have also been going out and we've been pleased to see how happy people are with the standard and collector's editions of our games. We tried to capture the classic spirit in the design of our box, manual and map and looks like we succeeded! The last step in the physical goods process was the very LONG day of hand signing the Collector's Edition boxes for the hundreds of backers due those ! Of course, then there was the big one, releasing at midnight on Friday September 19th. Over 25 years of persistence had finally paid off. And thankfully the overall response was quite positive and you all picked up on the nuance and depth we put in. That’s not to say we feel Wasteland 2 is the perfect game. When you’ve been in this industry as long as I have you realize every game is a matter of give and take and making concessions and hard decisions. But whenever I tell one of my colleagues what budget we made Wasteland 2 on they are surprised we could do it for so little. So while you always feel like a video game can be better no matter what, we are proud of the game we put in your hands. Next year we will continue supporting and making Wasteland 2 better, Torment will release later in the year and we will be looking at crowdfunding for our next title! Another exciting year for us at inXile and a good year for all of our fans as well! Holiday Present With the holiday season upon us I got a nice opportunity to give our backers a gift for the holidays! I was contacted by John Joseph Adams , a science fiction author who shares our love for the post-apocalyptic and noted that the old Wasteland 1 was among his original inspirations! Thanks to his generosity, we're now offering a free copy of his post apocalypse anthology book The End is Nigh to all of you! It is the first volume of an anthology series, the three parts of which are set before (volume 1, this one), during (volume 2) and after (volume 3) the apocalypse. This 350 page eBook contains over 20 all-new, never-before-published pre-apocalyptic short stories from various authors for your reading pleasure during the holidays, you can read more about it on its own website . To get your copy, go to the Rewards tab on your Ranger Center account . All our backers are getting a copy, so be sure not to miss out. If you backed for a copy of Wasteland 2 through Torment: Tides of Numenera, you will find this rewards by clicking downloads on your rewards tab at the Torment website. Thank you again and have a great holiday season! Brian Fargo Your Leader inXile Hello again Rangers! Wasteland 2 has been out for just a few months now and we continue to be very humbled with the love it's been getting from our backers and fans! It’s been great going on Twitter and our forums, reading your comments and experiences in the wasteland. There are quite a few creative custom parties running around Arizona and Los Angeles… We’ve released three major patches since the last Kickstarter update, with over a thousand improvements to the game. The team has tackled things like major optimization passes, UI usability improvements, as well as tracking down bugs. Wasteland 2 is an incredibly large and complex game, with many moving parts, and we've been working down to the smallest details (including typos). Many of the talented team members at inXile who worked on Wasteland 2 have moved full time on to Torment: Tides of Numenera , but we still have a dedicated crew giving Wasteland 2 the love and attention it deserves. Amongst other things, we intend to do a serious balance pass in the future that should tighten up some of the loose ends. This process will easily take a month to complete (have I mentioned this game is massive?) so we will need a solid window of time to complete it between updates. Along with continued tuning of Wasteland 2, myself and a few others at the studio are beginning to work on another RPG that has been passionately demanded of us for a while now! It’s still quite early in the process, but we will have more news on that in the New Year. Collector’s Edition and Survival Kits Shipping! We are now shipping out the Collector’s Edition reward tiers! The process has taken longer than any of us would have liked and I want to again apologize for that. We are in the home stretch and these versions will be in your hands very soon! You will receive a shipping confirmation email when your box goes out to you, starting from today. In the meantime, check out the Collector’s Edition. We think they came out great! A large number of these boxes are being shipped to a storage near our office for signing. When they arrive, our leader inXile Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone, and a few core members will spend a good day or two signing boxes. We're using air freight to speed it along, but it will still likely add at least a month to the delivery process on the signed versions. We took care of the Doomsday Preparation Survival Kits ourselves ($500 tiers and above). It was a lot of fun finding goodies to throw into the Wasteland-branded bag to help you survive and thrive during the apocalypse. They started shipping recently and will continue to be sent out this month, so expect them to arrive early-to-mid next month depending on where you live. A reminder that if you haven’t submitted and confirmed your address on the Ranger Center please do so ASAP. As well, if there are any issues with the delivery of your physical goods, please contact us there and we’ll get it resolved. Ashen Rift Another great looking Kickstarter caught our eye: Ashen Rift , a single player, first person survival game set on an earth transformed into an ashen wasteland. Give the video a watch and it well might tickle your interest! This is creator Barry Collins' second attempt at crowdfunding this and we're really hoping he succeeds this time. Chris Keenan, Project Lead (Still!) Twitter: @rangerkeenan Hello Rangers! Wow! We've been extremely humbled and electrified at the feedback coming in during Wasteland 2's first week as an officially released game! We love seeing you discover all the little touches and intricacies of the game. We have been very happy to see people engrossed by the game we made with your help, and the high praise directed at it! So, mission accomplished, time to wrap this baby up! I kid..I kid. We started working on our first patch even before the game was out, and released it last Friday. You can find the 9 pages of patch notes over on our tumblr . Many fixes were to issues we were aware of but we've also been keeping an eye on your feedback, and tweaking the game experience based on the masses of information flowing across the various discussion boards on the web. One example of this was reducing the jam rates for guns that most frequently caused problems. Our design team is busy cleaning up issues in the various levels and will continue to do so. We are also hard at work fixing memory-related issues to reduce crashes on 32-bit machines. The game launched with some problems in localizations causing keywords to be entirely missing which could lock you into dialogs. With the latest patch these bugs should be resolved, we will continue to catch any straggling bugs and to polish, edit and improve the localized versions in the future. We fully intend to continue supporting and updating this game, while we are also starting on the development of our modding tools. Reviews Part of the fun and horror of releasing a game is watching reviews stream in, both from users and press. Thankfully it was more fun than horror as Wasteland 2 currently stands at 88% recommended on Steam, with a lot of great reads in the top helpful reviews . Press reviews have been great as well, such as these from Game Informer (8.75), Gizorama (4.5/5), and GamesBeat (94). We're rounding up all reviews on our tumblr (116 and counting). Physical Goods Shipping While everyone can and hopefully is playing Wasteland 2 now with their Steam or GOG keys from the Ranger Center, we've been awaiting timelines from Deep Silver on physical shipping. Because they assembled different elements from different locations in the world and generally used slower shipping, the timeline of physical goods was much longer than we anticipated. As it is looking now, our timeline will be: - The first batch of physical goods will be standard boxes only, shipped on the 3rd week of this month. These will go out to backers receiving only the standard box. - Batches of physical goods including the metal Collector's Edition box will ship next and we'll announce a more precise time as soon as we have it. Deep Silver will ship them with general post shipping (without tracking). We will keep you informed as we get more info on the specific batches shipping out. We apologize this process took longer than we'd planned or hoped for at the outset. Unfortunately, things outside of our control made it take longer than anticipated. We will do our utmost to ensure you get your physical goods as soon as is possible and in good order. Pathologic And to close out we wanted to give a shout-out to the Pathologic Kickstarter . This Kickstarter was set up to fund an overhaul of Ice-Pick Lodge's unique 2005 adventure game Pathologic – a title our own Thomas will rant about for hours if you let him. Trust me, nobody wants to hear that. Thomas can rant if he’s left to his own devices… This unique open world psychological horror game mixes fantasy and reality, set in a Town struck by a deadly Plague that spreads throughout the game. There are no zombies, mutants or monsters, your main enemy is human nature. With 12 days to try and halt the plague, this game offers unusual dilemmas on who to befriend and trust, as well as unusual survival mechanics that can see you trade a gun for a piece of bread you desperately need not to starve. Well worth a look! To wrap up, we love hearing your feedback directly. Don’t hesitate to send Brian or myself a tweet on your favorite or least favorite thing in the game. Our team is constantly shifting focus to the most important fixes so make yourself heard ! Chris Keenan Project Lead @rangerKeenan I can hardly believe that it has been two and half years since I stood out in the Mojave Desert and started the filming of my Kickstarter campaign. All the while knowing it was the last and only hope for a Wasteland 2. I’m very proud that we have delivered on our promise of the deep and nuanced CRPG that you had all been hoping for. I’m also quite proud of the team at inXile for their hard work and passion to deliver something special. It was the highlight of my career when you stepped up to support the development of this game. Having your trust meant everything and there was no way we were going to let you down. I am really looking forward to seeing all of your comments and the unique experiences you’ll have. So much of the detail is not obvious at first as you will carve a natural path through the world, there are so many numerous ways to handle situations. If you ever think you are stuck, there are probably 2-4 more ways to handle it. In fact, we’ve re-visited the concept of where and how a game can end so some of you will find vastly different endings that don’t all take place at the same point in the story. The power of a great RPG to me is that the memory of the time I spent playing stays with me long after I finished the game. I hope this has the same lasting effect like the classics have done prior. If you are loving the game, feel free to shout it to the rooftops. We just want to keep making RPGs for decades to come and your support in every way helps make that a reality for us. If you reading this that means the game has gone live! Jump in and experience the world of Wasteland! <url>… Options for Getting the Game As we have mentioned during the Kickstarter and after, the way we'll be distributing digital copies of the game will be through a number of our digital retail partners, including the most popular and DRM-free options. When you redeem your key(s) on release day, you will be able to pick from these digital retailers: Steam will no doubt be the go-to option for most of you: Wasteland 2 will be added to your Steam library, it will automatically update to the latest version and it offers cross-platform support, meaning your single key is valid for Windows, Mac and Linux. GOG.com is a fully DRM-free option. They support Windows, Mac and Linux as well. We may offer more options, but the above should cover every wish from fully DRM-free to auto-updating on each of our platforms. Physical copies will be shipped out to the address you listed on the Ranger Center . All physical copies – retail and backers – will need the ability for a day 1 patch system. By the time physical copies arrive to backers the gold master version we sent out for print will be a month and a half old, and will be missing vital optimization and balance passes, as well as systemic changes like the addition of headshots that we recently put in . We need to ensure that our players are experiencing the most up to date code, so we will be utilizing the automatic updating system that Steam provides for physical copies. Every physical copy tier comes with a digital version of the game also, where you can pick the fully DRM-free GOG.com or Steam. If you prefer a fully DRM-free physical copy we will be willing to print and ship a day-1 version of the game to you at a later time, simply contact us through the Ranger Center if this has your preference. Steam Keys &amp; Beta Access After hearing from our backers on the beta key "locking you" into Steam and discussing the issue with Steam, we found a nice solution for people who want to opt into the beta but receive a final copy somewhere else. We will be adding a "Revoke Key" button on the Ranger Center which will deactivate your Steam key (automatically removing it from your Steam library) and reset your digital retailer choice, allowing you to go back and choose another one of our digital retailers such as GOG.com. If you have redeemed your Wasteland 2 beta key on Steam and plan to play the final game on Steam, you don't have to do anything, your beta key turns into a full release key automatically on release day. Box Shipping Timeline Among the moving parts that affected release were the shipping times of physical goods. The large box copies will ship first and the collector's edition second, simply due to longer timelines. We don't have exact ship dates yet, but we'll announce them as soon as we do. Manufacturing has already begun on all of the elements. If your tier includes both the collector's and standard boxed versions of the game, your large box will arrive at the later time with your collector's edition. As we get closer to shipping we'll have more details on things like packaging, shipping companies used, and timelines for shipping. Keep an eye on the Wasteland 2 tumblr for more information on this. Small Note on Localization Beta players will have noticed language options are in the current beta build. We activated these primarily so our Get Localization volunteers could see their progress and see the strings in context. What it is most definitely not is representative of the final product, as all these strings (including Russian and Polish) are unedited works in progress and are not representative of the quality we'll have in the final game. The localized text in our development build is already miles beyond what you're seeing in the beta and translation and editing is continuing. Our Russian localizers from Buka wished to leave a direct message to our Russian fans about the Russian translation: Локализация Wasteland 2 будет выходить постепенно. Если вы уже играли в игру по программе раннего доступа, то могли заметить, что часть текста уже переведена на русский. Конечно, этот перевод не финальный, и он будет редактироваться и дополняться. Диалоги — важнейшая часть Wasteland 2, и во время разработки им было уделено особое внимание: текст менялся и исправлялся практически до самого выхода игры. Сейчас команды локализации всех стран упорно трудятся над дальнейшим переводом. Ближайшее обновление в локализации будет в день выхода игры. Only 15 more days until Wasteland 2 is finally complete! Thomas Beekers inXile line producer Hello Rangers! It took a while to get every moving part settled down whether it was physical boxes or waiting on ratings from different agencies, but now we're finally ready to name a solid, final release date: Wasteland 2 will be coming your way September 19th ! We won't be sitting on our hands until that date. While the disc gold master is done and set, it's all hands on deck for the day 1 version and we're working hard to ensure that is the best version of the game possible. Bug-hunting and balance passes are our major focus in the month leading up to release. With the ship date closing in it is now vital to ensure your reward and shipping info are up to date on your Ranger Center account . Log in (or activate your account here ). Check under the Rewards tab and verify your reward choice (it is possible no reward choice has been input so please check this), we will lock reward choices on Monday 25th of August. If you're receiving physical goods, check your address listing and click the confirm button to lock and confirm your address with us. The deadline for updating your shipping info is one week from now: Wednesday 27th of August . If you do not have any info listed or need to make changes after that date we will not be able to ship the game to you in the first batch. Please check your Ranger Center info as soon as possible , if you have any more questions don't hesitate to contact us there. Late Backer Store Closing As part of our locking up for shipping, we will be closing the late backer store next week on Monday. Last chance to back this game and grab this style of big box! Our compatriots First and foremost our congratulations to our brothers and sisters at Obsidian on the successful launch of their Pillars of Eternity backer beta . It's been great to see people happy about another Kickstarter's course and we've certainly been enjoying playing it here! Speaking of fellow Kickstarters we wanted to give a shoutout to Hard West , an interesting wild west turn-based squad tactical combat game reminiscent of X-Com. It's looking great, with two weeks more to go on their Kickstarter, so give them a look! In other news President Matt Findley, designer Chris Avellone and I have all been on the road all over the world showing Wasteland 2. You can find links to various interviews, previews and video coverage here , here , here and here . We also release some juicy screenshots of the LA section of the game which you can find here . Brian Fargo, Leader inXile I felt this title was quite reminiscent of the media clickbait we’re seeing right now. Also, quite fitting as a status update for our multi-year journey that is Wasteland 2. Anyways, enough about the title and on to some exciting info on my personal favorite game right now, Wasteland 2. Before we get into the fun stuff, a quick note on the release date. It’s pretty likely that we will slip into the first or second week in September due to fulfillment of the physical goods and discs. We will give an exact date as soon as we know it. New Code Update Live For All Backers In Kickstarter update 51, we announced that we were opening up the Early Access version on Steam for all backers. Some of you jumped in and started playing, others said they want to wait until it’s complete before experiencing it. Whichever camp you’re in, the code update has been pushed to Steam and is patiently waiting for you. This will be our last code update before the game is finalized. Quite a bittersweet moment for us… We are still improving the game on the way to our release date. So with the update after this one, you’ll get all of the fixes and polish that is ongoing, which will have a day 1 update for physical disc backers. If you’re receiving your copy in a digital format, the first download will be for the day 1 update and final game. What’s New in this Build? When we pulled the changelist from our source control (since the last update), it was 551 uncurated PAGES of bug fixes, polish and iterated features. This list has been reduced down and can be read in its entirety (but why would you want to do that?!?) here . Some of the main things you’ll notice in this build: Huge balance pass across all elements of the game Enemy AI/Enemy Stats/Damage/Weapons/Dropsets/Skill Use Added a mini-map Lots of new optimizations to memory and load times Tons of new UI improvements (visual and functional) New audio added across the board (weapons/enemies/ambient/player events) Large visual effects pass in all levels Oh-so-much general clean-up/polish and iteration Preview Press Tour Our Leader in Exile, Brian Fargo is in Germany right now with our token European Superstar, Thomas (pronounced Bakers) Beekers. They have had many meetings in London and are now in Hamburg getting ready for the next round of presentations. So far, it sounds like things have been going great. Keep an eye out for some great press in the very near future! Ranger Keenan Out This will probably be the last update you’ll read from me before the game is released. I’m sure we will continue them as we put out post release patches but this marks a somewhat heavy-hearted moment for me. It’s been one hell of a journey. My life and outlook on the future of games has been irreversibly changed from the generosity and passion of each of you who made this happen. I will always remember spending 12 hours per day with our President Matt Findley, answering private messages while the Kickstarter was live. This instantly made it all real and created a bond with the (eventual) players that I had never experienced before in game development. When you’re seeing message after message saying “I’m not sure how I can pay rent next month, but I needed to get an NPC in this game!”, it adds a level of intensity to the process that I can’t imagine finding anywhere else. We owed it to you to have as much passion during the production as many of you did on our vision. This has been a labor of love from the entire team and I’m incredibly proud with what they have achieved. So much of their personalities are found around each corner in the game. We hope you enjoy the attention to detail in the world we all have created. The next time you see a Kickstarter update, it could read “Brian Fargo proudly presents Wasteland 2….” Chris Keenan Project Lead – Wasteland 2 Hello Rangers! It's been a great few weeks for us as we're working towards our gold master. After handing out keys to all of you along with Wasteland 2 doing well on the Steam Summer Sale, we saw an all-time high record for simultaneous player activity on the weekend of June 21-22. It's been great to see so many people jump in! So now's a good time for us to report in and let you know about our status, progress, and plans for the upcoming months. First and foremost, since this has been requested quite a lot, we are putting back in a local area map functionality! With our rotatable camera and wide 3D spaces this is kind of a must-have for navigating the world. It was pulled from the beta previously as we were beginning to work on the updated map code. The new one is in and both looking and working great. You’ll be able to spot visible enemies and NPC’s along with stores and geographic landmarks from area you’ve explored. NPCs and enemies will not be visible outside of your ranger’s current view range. We're still polishing it internally, but here's a look at the local area map as it is in now, as part of the log book screen: Quite a few things have been improved since the last beta build went out. We've done a huge pass overhauling the game's balance and loot drops. You’ll encounter a greater variance in loot drops now along with many new weapons being added, but we also made loot tables more set and less random. To aid that, we've added foot lockers in the Ranger Citadel in Arizona and Santa Fe Springs (Ranger HQ) in Los Angeles so you can store some of that precious loot. Along with specific dropsets you'll now actually get items from repairing toasters. Many of these items are unique and can potentially be turned in to different NPCs throughout the world for even greater rewards. Additionally we're upgrading the usage of containers, with safes now having better loot than normal crates, while normal crates are now split into specific types: ammo, weapon, medic, general crates, or smaller junk crates. Many of these will be visually distinct which means that if you're scouting it out and see the crate behind some enemies or traps you can figure out if it's worth it for you to get to it. Combat is also going through multiple balance passes, for example fixing the currently broken way jamming works. It will be much less frequent in the final game for general weapons. Some weapons will still have high jam rates, but these weapons tend to have a nice little bonus to offset the frustration of the jam (increased damage, reduced scrap cost…). Improving your training in weapon skills or creating some weapon mods can also reduce the jam rate so there are ways to get around high jam rates. Have we mentioned that we enjoy the idea of the trade-off? We've also put in backer shrines, statues, locations, weapons, artifacts and NPCs. The statues are custom modelled and can appear on any gameplay map, while the shrines are in hard-to-reach world map areas and huge rewards (an attribute point per ranger) when discovered. Exploration is paid-off for those willing to veer off the main path. Oh yeah, the citizens in the Wasteland have been busy putting up quite a few traps for your journey. Perception and Demolitions will definitely come in handy so train up! Opening a safe without getting hurt can sometimes require Perception to see the trap, Demolitions to disarm it and Safe Crack to open it. Alarm Disarm has similarly been getting more usage. Energy weapons are back in as we finalize our particle and sound effect passes. Weaponsmithing has seen improvements, with new mods available. Silent Move has been out of the beta for a while, and it is in fact permanently cut. It became too easy to break game triggers, which would in turn-break the game. The plan we put together to find and fix all issues was already colossal with a game of this size and scope. Traits/perks as well as aimed shots are two more features we have been strongly considering, but won't be in the final game. We love both systems and agree with the feedback that it would add a lot, however we also believe that badly balanced or overly simple versions would not be in the best interest of the game. Take aimed shots: to do it right means it would have a real tactical impact, AI reactions to its usage, and a carefully balanced pro-cons system, rather than just "decrease to-hit chance to increase critical chance". A cool tweak has been made to Computer Science. This skill allows for the hacking of robots, turning them to your side. The difficulty of this depends not just on the robot's level but also on its remaining CON. The lower the remaining CON, the easier it is to hack. This creates an interesting trade-off where you can decide to bring down a robot's health to hack him but this leaves you with a less useful ally. It’s incredibly fun to beat a skill check and watch from the sidelines as your slicer dicer obliterates the remaining robots. We've been upgrading UI art for things like the examine window, while also adding elements that improve the experience: for example the vendor side of the barter screen will now look like the player's side and allow for sorting. Additionally we added a Distribute button on looting, this button automatically gives weapons to the character with the highest skill for that weapon, ammo to characters with weapons of that type equipped, healing items to medics, and spreads junk over whoever has the most inventory space left. You can still loot all or manually move certain items to specific characters. Optimization has been forging ahead by leaps and bounds: the install size on the disc has already been cut by at least 20%, we've done a texture pass that both improves the look and tones down unnecessarily large textures. And we’re significantly cutting into the game's memory usage. Good things across the board! Wasteland 2 is 2x bigger than Kickstarter budget allowed! Wasteland 2 is a hell of a project. One that is larger and more nuanced than we had imagined even when completed our Kickstarter campaign and knew what our budget was. We've had the good fortune of having a nicely selling back catalog, which allowed us to put a good chunk of our own money into making this the best experience possible. That along with some help from Early Access on Steam provided additional revenue along with a great influx of feedback. We made this promise a while back and it still holds true. Every penny coming in from sales is still going back into making Wasteland 2. By this stage, it means we have doubled Wasteland 2's initial budget. There was discussion when we put the game up on Early Access whether it was a good idea or not. I can promise that the game we are close to releasing would not have been the same without it. While Wasteland 2 would have been released months ago without Early Access, it would not have the polish, detail, and scope that we are bringing to you in very near future. The past few years have been one large learning and refining process for all of us, and in hindsight, we can measurably say this had a huge positive impact on the game. Nothing beats the feedback from tons of you playing the game and the resources and time to act on that feedback. At this stage in production we are thinking about practical tasks such as getting a gold master version so we can start printing discs. We're currently aiming to have that done in late July, but that doesn't mean we wrap up the project. Some people will stay on (as others move fully to Torment) and continue working on the game until its release to provide a day one patch, and we fully plan on significant post-release support. The most obvious of that will be the mod-kit and of course post-release patches. We do not have any expansions currently planned but that doesn’t mean there won’t be any in the future. We will keep an eye on feedback just like we have during the beta period and be open to taking another look at features that are highly requested. Basically, while we are nearing the release date and thus nearing "the end" in that sense, we are looking forward to working on this game for quite some time yet! Divinity: Original Sin Releases Despite the current Belgium-USA rivalry as our two national teams will be playing tomorrow, we still want to congratulate our Belgian brothers Larian with the successful release of their Kickstarted cRPG Divinity: Original Sin . Check it out on Steam or your local retailer! Divinity: Original Sin is a massively fun, open-world cRPG with tactical combat elements. The world is very open and reactive to different approaches, and the co-op mechanics are unique and create a great RPG experience with friends. It's a ton of fun to get into an argument with a friend at a certain decision and see who wins out and what happens because of that choice! I’ve been lucky enough to play it for the last few months and can confirm that they’ve done a great job in over delivering on what they promised. It’s exciting to see other Kickstarter brothers and sisters succeeding and it continues to drive home the benefits of this type of game development…made possible through direct interaction with you, the fans. Mark Morgan Battle Music And as a final bit from us to you, we felt like we needed more battle music in Wasteland 2, and Mark Morgan delivered . Chris Keenan Project Lead Twitter : @rangerkeenan The Wasteland 2 backer beta launched in early December of last year, which means it's been in eligible backers' hands for over half a year now. In that time many have played the content through to completion, often multiple times, and have been providing us with invaluable feedback and input. Wasteland 2 is undoubtedly better than it could have ever been without you. With release only two months out, we felt like this is the right time to expand Wasteland 2 beta access to all backers at any tier who are eligible for a copy of the game! So that's what we're doing! Starting right now any backers whose Tier didn’t include access to the WL2 digital deluxe edition can log into their accounts on the Ranger Center and find a Steam key for the Early Access version, under the " Donations " tab, bottom of the page. Note that keys will not be available to everyone simultaneously, if you instead find a "available soon" text this is not an error, it will be available as soon as possible. Upon Wasteland 2’s release at the end of August, this beta version will turn into a final retail copy of the game. Please note : As this Steam key also gives access to the final retail version of the game it will count as a "digital copy" used from your tier rewards. If you're due only one digital copy from your backer tier and claim this key on your account, that will be the only key you'll get from us, you won't be able to later switch to GOG.com or other digital retailers. Remember that Wasteland 2 does not require a constant internet connection on any retailer, once you download it from Steam, you won’t need to go online to play it. If you didn't quite keep up with all the news: the beta contains all the Arizona content of the game, roughly 25 hours for a regular playthrough, which represents about half the game, and contains all gameplay features save a few we're still testing out internally. Check the reference card here . Backers of Torment who are due a copy of Wasteland 2 can receive their keys as a part of this staggered release. You'll be able to find it under the Donations tab on your Torment backer system account . Kickstarter backers who pledged an extra $25 for a copy of Wasteland 2 won't have the key visible in the Torment backer system yet. We are working on making it available to you so please keep an eye on our tumblr for more news . Physical Goods As we're getting closer to release, we're finalizing all the physical goods that backers from eligible tiers will receive. We've recently received the final proofs for some of these rewards in our office, so here is a photo for you: The photo shows: Worn Cloth Game Map, Wasteland 2 Faction Badge, Desert Ranger Medals Ranks 1 - 5, Vargas Miniature, Commemorative Coin and some elements from the Doomsday Preparation Survival Kit. And More We showed you the cover of part one of Stackpole &amp; Long's two-part Wasteland 2 novella in a previous update , and you should know it's up and available to all backers $50 and up now. You can either grab it from your Ranger Center account (under the "Rewards" tab) or from your Steam install folder if you have the Digital Deluxe edition installed. Enjoy the read! It's also available for direct purchase on Smashwords for the interested . I've done a couple more interviews since the last update. Wired interviewed me with a focus on Wasteland's history and Wasteland 2. MOUSE n JOYPAD also has some questions on Wasteland 2 in general. And last but not least, check out this new screenshot from the Los Angeles portion of Wasteland 2, with a billboard that should look familiar to the oldies among us... Brian Fargo, Leader inXile Brian was on stage at MCM London earlier today showing the Wasteland 2 opening movie and talking about the game and crowdfunding (you can watch the presentation on Resero Network's twitch through this link ). Of course we'd like all our backers to see this opening movie, so we put it up on Youtube for you. Enjoy! <url>– Next Steps We launched the Wasteland 2 crowdsourcing localization about a week ago. The effort is off to a very good start, with the hyper-efficient Germans leading the way. We invited a few of our editors to take an early look at the translation output of our fans and they were well impressed by the quality and consistency of our crowdsourced translations. That's the value of getting real RPG Gamers involved! From here on out our editors will start becoming more active on Get Localization itself, guiding and interacting with our community. The more volunteers we have, the higher the quality of the translations. We spoke earlier on rewarding our fans, and the top translators will get selected rewards later, but to reward our productive translators, we've decided to give everyone who provides approved translation of over 250 strings a digital copy of Wasteland 2, which will include beta access (please do provide your email address when registering, as otherwise we have no way to contact you). For new fans or fans who backed at a lower tier, this will allow you to jump into the beta. For other backers, here's an extra copy to give to a friend! Plus it helps everyone to ensure our translators have access to the beta, as this'll give them more context and understanding of strings they're translating. Please note your strings do have to be reviewed and approved before you get your Steam key for Wasteland 2, not just by us but also by our existing Get Localization community. Be aware we're looking for volunteers in Spanish, French, German and Italian only. As always, we encourage using the Localization page to help spread the word. Thanks again! Brian Fargo Your Leader In Exile Hey Rangers, It is May and things are good. Another big beta update went out, patch notes here . We are nearing the end of the three-month plan we outlined earlier, and hit all our internal end-of-April milestones, which is a rarity. We're getting closer every day, and we intend to announce the official release date sometime this month . At this stage of the project some portions of the game require less manpower than they did a few months ago, which is all part of our plan for moving people to Torment: Tides of Numenera when their work on Wasteland 2 is simply done. One of those things we're slowly wrapping up is writing, which at this stage is really just tweaks or minor NPCs and encounters added. You may have heard us mention Nathan Long before, a talented and veteran writer who we were very lucky to have join us on this project. This feels like a good time to give him the floor and have him talk a bit about the writing process, so without further ado, here's Nathan: Last Writer Standing How Did I Get Here? I am the luckiest guy on the planet. Okay, that's not true. I am not, after all, Charlie Sheen, but I'm pretty damn lucky. How lucky? Let me tell you. Three years ago, as a wanna-be game writer with no industry experience, I attended a lecture at the Writer's Guild where Chris Avellone was talking about making games. I came out of that lecture inspired and really wishing I could work with someone as cool as Chris someday, but knowing it was only a dream. Two years ago I lectured at the Writer's Guild about making games, and talked about the game that me and Chris Avellone were working on. How the hell does that happen? In brief, I got lucky. Lucky Break One - my pal Kitty saw an article about Wasteland 2 that mentioned they were looking for writers and she passed it on to me. Lucky Break Two - In the article I saw that the head writer on Wasteland 2 was Mike Stackpole, who once published a story of mine in an online fiction anthology. Mike knew me, knew my work, and knew I had eleven fantasy novels under my belt, so when I asked him if he had any work for me, he trusted me enough to give me a little freelance assignment - coming up with the background and organization of Griffith Park's God's Militia faction, as a matter of fact. A few days later I submitted the brief, Mike passed it on to Brian and Matt, they liked it, and I was given more work. Woo! My first freelance game job! Lucky Break Three - Brian and Matt got ambitious. Right around the time that I got hired, inXile expanded the scope of the game by a considerable amount, and suddenly I had all the work I could handle - maybe even a little more than I could handle! Fortunately, the other writers, Mike, Chris Avellone, Colin McComb and Patrick McLean, were very understanding and very generous with their time and advice, and by the time they had completed their parts of the project I had an excellent grounding in game writing in general and the world of the Wasteland in particular. So that's how, a year after attending my first lecture on game writing, I ended up giving one. It's also how, two years later, I'm the last writer standing on Wasteland 2. It's been an incredible two years, and the most incredible part has been meeting all the talented writers, scripters and developers who have worked on Wasteland 2, all of whom have been unceasingly generous with their knowledge and experience. They have taught me so much, and been so patient with my mistakes (like that one time when I almost deleted the entire game from the database?) that sometimes I feel like I should be paying tuition to be here instead of being paid. (Ha ha! Just a joke, Brian. Just a joke.) What Am I Doing Here? So, what is my day to day job here at inXile? Well, earlier on in the process, it was expanding the design docs created by the writers that had come before me - breaking them down into individual encounters, writing the descriptions and dialog for those encounters, and figuring out how they all tied together into a cohesive whole. And when I was done with one zone, I would move on to the next and do it all over again. These days it’s a little more scattershot. We are in the tweaking and tuning phase, so I am doing a little of everything. Today Matt needs an extra radio call for an encounter in Arizona, Jeffrey needs a rewrite on a NPC in the Mannerite map because the logic for the encounter has changed, Zack needs to cut some interiors, so I have to rewrite a few scenes so the characters don't talk about being inside when they're actually outside, Brian wants me to rewrite a gag which he feels is in poor taste, and the backers have pointed out a continuity problem in a newly released encounter, so I have to come up with a solution. I usually start the morning with a call to Matt (which he loves) to determine the priority of all the issues I've got on my list, then I get to work, knocking down items as quick as I can while more get added throughout the day. Occasionally an emergency will come up, and I'll suddenly have to switch over to something else, but usually it's just a slow steady flow of emails and delivered documents all day long. But in all this work, no matter how scattered, no matter how minor the tweak, the most important consideration is making all of it feel like Wasteland. Brian, Matt and the rest of the developers have a clear, focused vision of what Wasteland 2 is and isn't, and it's my job to be in sync with them and make sure that all the writing in the game - no matter who originally wrote it - delivers on that vision and feels right and true and consistent from zone to zone and character to character. It’s a terrifying responsibility, but I'm happy to have been given the opportunity to do it. Where Are You Taking Me? (spoiler warnings apply to this section) After working on the game for almost two years, you would think I'd be burnt out on post-apocalyptic Arizona and Los Angeles, and... well, it's true that I'll definitely be ready for the complete tone-shift and genre-switch of Torment: Tides of Numenera when I join Colin and the rest of the other team, but I'm still getting a kick out of helping to flesh out all the areas, factions and NPCs in Wasteland 2, and making them as deep and twisted as we can. As for my favorites? It's hard to pick. For sheer atmosphere it's hard to beat Ag Center, originally laid out by Chris Avellone, with its oppressive vegetation and terrifying rabbits, and Colin McComb's Coliseum level, later in the game when you get to LA, can't be beat for sheer lunacy and depth of invention, but I'm going to have to be totally unfair and go with the first level where the bosses let me off the leash and told me to go wild - the Canyon of Titan, which we called internally Missile Silo. Brian and Matt had already laid out the bones of the level when I joined inXile. They had a rough list of encounters, the core concept of bomb-worshipping suicide monks, and a solid ending, but they were trusting enough to let me take it from there. And I took it. I added another faction, about twenty more encounters than they'd asked for, and something like eight more endings! Amazingly, they didn't fire me. Instead, Matt pulled me back from the brink of madness, told me about the beginner's curse of overcomplication, and we whittled it back down to three endings (or is it four?). Still, I got to keep my new faction, the cold, mercenary Diamondback Militia, my crazy "three-card-monte-with-nukes" quest line, and most of my extra NPCs, including Abe, who carries a blockbuster bomb on his back, the Church Police, who tax unwary travelers, and Brother Guano, who got his name because... well, you'll figure it out. I also got to work on the CNPCs, who are the characters who can join the rangers as they travel the wastes. So much fun. Basically, I had to take each CNPC through the entire game and think of what they would say in each situation they could encounter, and also how they would react to the other CNPCs who might also be in the party. My favorites are probably Vulture's Cry, the native American woman the rangers find in Highpool, or Ralphy Parker, the young man they meet in Rail Nomad. Both have cool personality quirks, and also events you can stumble upon that could change their characters dramatically. There's a lot more places, factions and NPCs I'd love to tell you about, but I don't want to spoil the game, so I'll just leave it at that. I hope you have as much fun exploring the locations, figuring out the mysteries, and interacting with the characters as I did working on them, but I don't know if it's possible. Like I said, I'm the luckiest guy on the planet. Nathan Long, Lead Writer Crowdfunding Localization As the in-game texts are starting to hit their finalized stages, it's time to ramp up our localization effort in earnest. As you may recall, we've promised localized versions in English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Polish and Russian, all of them are still planned for the released version of the game. Deep Silver is helping us with the Polish and Russian localization so we're all set there. For the other languages, we've received many requests since even before we ran our Kickstarter from fans looking to contribute, wanting to help us localize the game. And we always planned to involve our fans, so we've launched our Wasteland 2 localization crowdsourcing effort . We are counting on our fans to join our Get Localization project for French, Italian, German and Spanish and together do the bulk of the work on translating to those languages. When that step is complete we will hand the results to professional editors who will do editing and consistency passes. This is an important step to ensure that the localized version will meet the high, professional standards we are looking for. The more fans we get involved and the more they translate, the faster and better our localized versions will be. We sincerely hope this'll be a fun and productive process. At the end of it, we'll be looking at ways to help compensate via upgrades or cash for the backers that helped generate the most translations. This tumblr page details the project in English as well as French, Italian, German and Spanish (with thanks to our fans barbarian_bros, Alessandro Gambino, TΛPETRVE and ESp_Ranger). We encourage you not just to join but also to share this call to arms in your own language on whatever forums or social media that jumps to mind! Please make sure to read the localization instructions before getting started . Dialog Screen Speaking of writing, we recently gathered a bunch of feedback on the dialog screen on our official forums . The feedback clearly pointed us to preferences for making the dialog UI more tangible and solid, to emphasize the portraits more, and to put it all in a nicely skeuomorphic UI. Here is the first pass we posted on our forums: One of our fans by the name of Alex 'Olovski' Drożyner saw this UI and responded by offering some mock-ups of his own, improving and tweaking our work . We liked what we saw there so much we've contracted him to do a pass on the UI for us to use moving forward. It's a unique process to involve fans so directly, but the results speak for themselves! Loading Human And finally, there's an ambitious and unique project up on Kickstarter, a VR-only game for Windows and Mac called Loading Human . For those of you set with Oculus Rift or Project Morpheus headsets, this is well worth a look. Matthew Findley, President Howdy Rangers, Chris here to give you a snapshot on our current progress. First off, the next beta update is being wrapped up! It’s been in testing for the past few weeks and we’re putting the final touches on it as I write this. You can expect it to go live next week. This beta update will include the first release of the Linux build, new merchant UI elements, the Missile Silo map, the Darwin Village map, an updated leadership skill, a few new enemies with unique AI (I dare you to get in combat with the suicide monks…), many additional balance tweaks, tutorial, lots of optimization and oh-so-much more. As always, we will put full patch notes up on our tumblr when the patch goes live. One thing we were excited to look into were stats showing how long people were playing the game. It can be hard for a developer to estimate exactly how long a game takes because even when playing through fully, we're still too familiar with it to not go through it fast. But now that we've had people playing it and based on how long they've been taking on the live content, we can estimate the full game will likely take the average new player around 50 hours on a normal playthrough . Though it'll take quite a bit longer if you're looking to fully explore every location and mission. Now let's talk development: at this stage we are working not just on beta builds and polishing those areas, but on tweaking the game's systems and taking lessons learned from beta feedback and applying them throughout the game. Every day our level designers are adding new touches and various levels of reactivity to the game. For example, in this next update you'll find major areas are now open to you right from the moment you leave Ranger Citadel, rather than being plot-gated. As we're finishing up more Arizona areas we are intensifying our work on Los Angeles, and for the entire game we are making great progress. Much of the team is on California right now, adding layer after layer of depth into the current design. There's a few points I’d like to talk about a bit more in-depth… Systems &amp; communications One easy-to-forget but very important point going forward for us has been the way the game communicates on its systems. What I mean by that is how much the game informs the player of its underlying systems, how clear and easily available this info is, and to what extent the game helps and guides along the player. At the heart of these kind of cRPGs lies a sense of discovery and figuring things out by yourself. We consider it one of Wasteland 2's strengths that you can often try something new and then have a mission proceed differently because of a different approach you tried out. That said, when it comes to interface and understanding systems there is no harm in showing off much of the details necessary to make informed tactical choices (assuming it’s done in a non-intrusive way), starting with the simple tutorial tooltips we put in. The game will ship with a sweet old-school manual and reading it before you start will give you a good head start, but we've also added a number of "tutorial" tips in the game. These pop-up on the right side of your screen when specific triggered events happen, and give a quick explanation of the way things like combat, dialog and levelling up work. We focused on making them clear, short and non-intrusive, and experienced players or those who just don't like tutorials can switch them off with a single click. The other big thing in systems communication is how much and how clearly the game details its under-the-hood system formulas. This was not something we spent a lot of time on prior to the beta launch, in part because it is relatively low-priority, in part because many of the systems are still fluid and up for tweak and balance patches. The new character and skills screen was a step forward in this as it enables players to see how stat increases or equipment switches influence their key stats. For those interested in learning more details in this code update, the tooltips in character creation (for derived stats) give a deeper breakdown. Check those out on your next playthrough! Wasteland 2 as it stands has not had many balance passes done, and that influences how balanced the attribute and skill system may seem. In the currently live builds, you might feel like you’re leveling up more often than you should or you have too many skill points. This is intentional as part of the goal is to have you try out the various options and give us feedback. One very significant system we have not yet put in is the tying together of attributes and skills, where the skills are either capped or heavily influenced by a specific attribute. This is an important balancing factor in a party-based cRPG like ours, because you are likely to have a total of seven party members not far into the game and will have a large pool of skill points to use. It continues to tie into one of our pillars of having to make difficult choices that will affect gameplay. Early on in the final game, this heavy feel of a multi-talented group will remain, but once we start putting our caps and ties system in, you will need to be more careful in your skill choices when you progress further into the game. Of course, by this point, you will have tried a variety of skills and become more informed about what you wish to focus on and how to spread your skills among various characters. In general, we pride ourselves in our flexibility to adapt our systems based on feedback and internal and external discussion, a good example of which would be our Ranger Corner thread where we asked for feedback on charisma , with my reply and thoughts here . Charisma was the attribute most in need of updates to make it more viable, and we are constantly evaluating and modifying the way our attributes work. Barter Screen When we launched the new inventory screen in the last beta update we had not yet started working on the new barter screen. This was also a good opportunity to do a Ranger Corner thread talking about the barter screen , and you can find my reply on the topic here . As with the inventory screen, it was key for us to significantly improve functionality as well as the look of the screen. In the new barter screen, it is much easier to compare items you're buying to what you have equipped, as well as sell and manage multiple stacks of junk, view full stats of items before purchasing, and sell from your entire party inventory rather than going character-by-character. Here's a look at the screen: Los Angeles One thing we've long since avoided talking about is LA. And we're still pretty wary of spoilers, so the following text will be spoiler-light, but if you want to avoid them completely you may want to skip. In the near future, we will have almost all of Arizona in the hands of our beta backers (after this upcoming update the beta will include all but one major area and the final small maps), we can't resist the temptation to talk more about the second half of the game…the Los Angeles area. I specifically say "Los Angeles area" as it includes some locations that are in the Los Angeles metro area, rather than just "the city proper". Los Angeles is a separate world map from Arizona. A lot of Arizona has a feeling of familiarity for the Wasteland 1 fans, as it sees the return of quite a number of Wasteland 1 locations and factions. This familiarity was important for us to keep, as there's a long gap in time between the release of WL1 and the upcoming release of WL2, and strong narrative ties help bridge that long gap. On the other hand, Los Angeles allows us to get back to some of the wildness the Wasteland setting allows, by opening up a fresh new area with weird possibilities. Los Angeles as it stands now is a sprawling city-scape, one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world, with recognizable landmarks such as Hollywood and the L.A. Coliseum. The current L.A. with its nearly four million inhabitant’s needs water imported and thus may seem like a naturally semi-arid climate, but this is primarily due to human influence. With most of the human presence wiped out by the war, the creation of small and mostly toxic lakes of water by the post-war storms, and the shifting of air and water currents, the Los Angeles of Wasteland 2 is a lush area. Nature has reclaimed much of the ruined cityscape. In L.A., we decided to make many of its recognizable landmarks key locations, including the aforementioned LA Coliseum and Hollywood, but also such spots as the Watts Towers and the Griffith Observatory. Our design process started with, “What would be the most bad-ass areas in L.A. for the player to visit”? We then sprinkled these areas with weird cults and weirder creatures. One example is the Pistol Packing Priests faction (conceived by our lead writer Nathan Long), which were previewed in the first Wasteland 2 novella. This burgeoning religious cult believes the apocalypse was God's justice brought to man, but the task is left unfinished, and it is up to them to sweep the last vestiges of sinfulness off the earth, by word and by bullet. Mostly bullet…or hammer…or any other blunt/sharp/shooty object. With these areas dominated by strong factions that have no familiarity with the Desert Rangers, this opens up great new possibilities for us to challenge and offer diverse choices for you. One faction may have an internal conflict, a splinter group with beliefs that differ from dogma, giving the opportunity to choose one side or play them out against each other, or re-unify them. But another may have an external enemy with no chance of reconciliation, a conflict the player might decide is best to avoid entirely, but one which they can also use to their advantage to help one side gain dominance and wipe the other side out. Many L.A. areas are in a state of equilibrium as you arrive at them (though not all are, some may require immediate action), giving you more time to explore the "towns" of various shapes and size, and get familiar with the people and the faction's beliefs, trade, resolve smaller missions, or even progress without ever triggering any conflict at all. Los Angeles shines in a strong variety of locations. That variety evincing itself not just in visuals and flavor of the location, but also in how open or guided an area is, how conflict or hub-oriented it is, etc. etc. Here is a behind-the-scenes look at one of our LA levels in the Unity editor. This town – built around the Watts Towers – is between the stages of Wild West and civilized, the arrival of the Rangers may well determine which way it goes… Since such a high-level view may seem a bit obscure, here is a closer level render (but with the camera still further out than it would be in-game). Each building can be entered, making Watts the kind of open hub that you could find around the halfway point of Wasteland 1. Shout-out We wanted to give another shout-out to a smaller, promising Kickstarter: The Red Solstice , a squad based strategy RPG. It set on Mars in a distant future, with all the science fiction trappings you could hope for. The game has tactical 8 player co-op focused on hardcore survival, class-based character advancement and advanced tactics. Aside from the 8 player co-op campaign, they're also going to offer a narrative-heavy single player campaign. The campaign is over halfway there, with $27K funded of a $50K goal with 10 days to go, so let's give 'em a boost in the final stretch! They're also part of Kicking It Forward , pledging to spend 5% of their eventual profits into funding new Kickstarter projects. And lastly, we are posting portrait art and quotes every week, you can check them all out on our tumblr . Chris Keenan Project Lead Hello Rangers, First and foremost, we wanted to be sure all our backers knew that our $10 add-on which we've been offering on the backer store will be closing down next Friday, the 28th of March. This week will be the last chance to jump on board this limited-time offer. On to other news. We're about a month into our three-month plan that we mentioned in update 44 , things have been progressing well. We are simultaneously working to fix issues and bugs with the game in general based on feedback to the beta while other team members are moving ahead in finishing all the LA content. While the next beta update (coming soon) will not be quite as sizeable as the last one it is another significant content expansion (adding a new area) as well as UI upgrade (implementing the new barter screen). Here's what we said on it earlier on our blog : The next update to the Wasteland 2 beta will be another sizeable one. We are adding more content in the form of the missile silo map, an interesting location that is set to challenge your problem-solving skills. Here is a short description from Jeremy Kopman, the level designer on Silo. “Slashed across eastern Arizona is a deep, winding canyon that provides the only access to a vast, resource-rich valley. As if traversing the labyrinthine paths – full of vicious animals and sociopathic raiders – wasn’t hard enough, the area is controlled by a fanatical branch of the Servants of the Mushroom Cloud. These monks worship Titan, bringer of death by the Great Glow… and a live ICBM with a nuclear warhead. Too bad braving this deathtrap is your only way to reach your next mission target: Damonta.” Other News We've received a draft of the first of the two Michael Stackpole &amp; Nathan Long novellas, tentatively titled The Earth Transformed. It will be going through rigorous proofreading and editing and then go out to our backers. We've also made Wasteland 1 – The Original Classic available on Desura . We're very happy to be joining another fully DRM-free service that offers the game for Windows, OSX and Linux. The key generator on the Ranger Center will not offer Desura but if you're a Linux user who has been waiting for a fully DRM-free option, please do contact us here or on the Ranger Center and we'll get you a Desura key. On the concept and portrait art front, check out this spiffy gentleman's life motto, along with a pair of creepy dolls we feel go well with our post apocalyptic vibe. Shout-Out And finally, we wanted to give a shout-out to an excellent looking Kickstarter project, Ashen Rift , a new take on classic shooters set in a barely recognizable, twisted and dead earth where you fight howling monstrosities. Worth a look for its atmosphere and unique ideas alone. Ashen Rift is from a smaller indie studio rather than the larger efforts we've promoted in this space, and we enjoy supporting the dreams of smaller indies to become professional developers. Thomas Beekers, Straightening out the Lines Calling Ranger Team Echo back into action, This is just a short update to notify all of you that some of the things we've been talking about of late are now live: the beta update, the $10 add-on and some new videos. First and foremost, the large beta update has just gone live on Steam. Additionally, the OSX version of the beta is now also live for our Mac backers! The full list of fixes and tweaks runs well over 2000, you can view the long patch note list here , which runs the gamut from optimization to fixing small and large bugs to expanding the game's content. We also updated the beta's reference card and expanded it a little bit. As a reminder, this update will break existing save games. The most immediate difference you'll notice will of course be the updates character and inventory screens. Update 43 had the goods on that so I won't go over it again in detail, we're looking forward to seeing people play around with it. Other than just looking better the new inventory adds a lot of functionality such as an all-party inventory and direct mouse-over comparisons between an item with your currently equipped item (by holding shift). The second big thing is the addition of the fifth major location in Arizona, the Prison, which was formerly the Ranger Center, now taken over by a rival militia. Ranger Team Echo heads into the Prison in search of ways into Damonta, a town seemingly unreachable beyond a radiation wall. Combat sees a significant overhaul in this update. We added stances and expanded the use of destructible cover and height advantages and ladders used by enemies. These combat improvements are still WIPs so expect more iteration and functionality going forward. Of course there are a lot of smaller updates to existing areas. We changed and expanded the ways some of the major scenarios in the first areas play out, as well as adding smaller events and missions, many of which have an impact on larger quests down the line. And just as a reminder, while the beta is limited in areas we are simultaneously working on later areas in the game, tweaking and iterating and applying the lessons learned from the beta. Enjoy! Jumping on board We have launched our limited-time add-on option for existing Wasteland 2 backers. This $10 add-on will be available for purchase for a limited time, and will give access to Wasteland 2's beta. It does not include the other extras from the Steam digital deluxe edition. To purchase this add-on, log into your Ranger Center account , you will find it under the backer store tab . Torment backers : If your tier included Wasteland 2 and you didn't already get the beta as an add-on, you are eligible for this $10 add-on as well. Log in to your Torment pledge management account and the add-on will appear in the Torment store listing . This applies only to tiers that include Wasteland 2. Please contact us via the system if you run into any problems. We manually import PayPal pledge data into our system. We will increase the frequency of these updates but please be aware it can still be a few days before your pledge is registered . When it is registered, the key will show up at the bottom of your "Donations" tab, on either system. Please note the system is only set up to provide one key per account, and will not process multiple purchases from a single backer. In other news: we had to close the Wasteland 2 backer store shortly after the beta went live for procedural reasons, but as you may notice the store is back up now ! The tiers have seen some adjustments as we're moving forward and closer to the final release price: the basic digital tier is not $35, the digital deluxe edition is only available on Steam, and the basic boxed edition is $65. Twitch If you want to see some of the things this update brings, we did a live stream on Twitch TV earlier today to show off the new goods. You can view the video in its entirety on Twitch.tv here . Brian Fargo, Leader in Exile The comments from the early beta have continued to help us craft Wasteland 2 and the next beta update will reflect the changes we have made based on your feedback along with the many scheduled additions. We've made great progress on this beta update and are currently putting it through final balancing and testing touches: it will go live on Steam next Monday, the 24th. But I know the question on everyone’s minds (and tweets and Facebook posts) is “When will Wasteland 2 be done?” Of course there is always the glib answer of “when it’s done” but we owe you more detail on the process than that. I’ve always envied when big developers like a Blizzard or Id were able to give such answers as there is huge correlation on iteration time and the final game quality. It’s why so many classic games stayed in development for the time that they did. To date we have had a total of 2,300 bugs and suggestions (not counting duplicates) reported from the beta testers and from our outside compatibility testing group since December. We have fully addressed over 1,100 of these items including a host of compatibility issues. On top of that production is moving forward on all fronts, you will see in the next update we have a new inventory UI, new locations on the map to explore, changes to existing locations to add depth, destructible objects, more satisfying combat animations, more ambient sounds, etc. I promise I’ll soon stop boring you with yet more statements about how great this process is but it truly has been invaluable. Having a large passionate group like yourself playing the game early assures we don’t miss any critical details. I must confess that we dared to make an ambitious game. Wasteland 2 is big in every conceivable way, from the amount of writing, hours needed to complete, re-playability options, graphic diversity etc. One might argue that it’s more ambitious than it needed to be but from the outset we wanted to create a classic that would hold a spot in your mind along with the other top RPGs of our time. We know we have some big shoes to fill and we want to push the envelope for what makes a great RPG. As we've said before we wanted to use the beta period to evaluate our release window. To outline our current plan: we will have the team working to lock down every aspect of the game within three months such that we are only addressing bugs. On the systems side of the game, over those three months you will see a number of iteration passes on combat which covers things like crouched stance, ambush mechanics, weapon jamming, special attacks, further UI enhancements, and a few surprises. On the skills we need to make several more passes on making them more useful or better message how they are working. We are adding AI to the remaining enemy types and adding the appropriate animations. Art wise we are wrapping up the LA maps and adding additional combat animations and particle effects to give the game more flavor. And most importantly we are continuing our iteration passes on choice and consequence, providing new options that come from the results of your actions. We know better than to give an exact date at this point because in addition to pushing the game in the ways we’d planned, we’re going to continue to incorporate player comments that make sense for us to address. But we are in the final stretch, and are thankful our backers have consistently agreed we should take the time we need. Our current three month plan will create a significantly better game as we are in an important development phase with each week taking huge steps to improve the game. As we progress through this plan we'll of course keep posting updates to let all our backers know how the game's progressing. But do be aware the end of this three month plan does not represent the finish line, at that point there will still be work to do before we can release the game. OSX owners will be happy to know that Wasteland 2 will be available for their platform at the same time as we're putting the beta update out. We're making progress on the Linux version and it will follow sometime after. Screenshots We of course wanted to share screenshots of the upcoming update with all of you, and to do something a little different we shot them in 4K resolution (3840x2160). Click on the screenshots to view at full resolution. Other News A pair of Kickstarters caught our eye of late. One is the massively ambitious Kingdom Come: Deliverance , in the final 24 hours of its funding period and well over 300% funded, they are looking to lock up their final stretch goal. At the start of their campaign is the Middle Eastern culture inspired Zaharia , a unique project which offers a prototype for you to try before you decide on backing it. If you want to read a little more about the upcoming update, we did a short dev blog post on it on the Wasteland 2 tumblr . There is also this meaty Eurogamer interview with me that digs in on both Early Access, the upcoming update and future plans for Wasteland 2. As we mentioned in update #41 we are going to make the beta available for purchase to backers who don’t already have access in a limited time $10 deal. This will launch at the same time as the update. We will be doing another Kickstarter update on Monday with specific instructions. And lastly we will be giving a live feed of the new features of Wasteland 2 via TwitchTV on Monday, February 24th at 11am PST (UTC 19:00). Please come watch us play if you want a greater understanding of the new UI and the subtle reactivity of the game. Thanks! Brian Fargo Leader in Exile Hello Rangers, Chris Keenan here. Before we get into the juicy stuff, a quick status update on the backer beta. Development at this point is going faster than ever! Now that we have all of our tools in a great place, we’re spending most of our time making the experience better. You might have noticed that we haven’t updated the beta code in a while and there is a good reason for that. The next update contains some major upgrades almost across the board. We’ve made some huge leaps in optimization and reducing our memory footprint. With your help, we’ve killed over 200 bugs in this update and implemented some great reactivity and conversation suggestions that we received from the community. The inventory system has had an exciting overhaul (more on that later) and a new town (Prison) is being added. The Prison used to be Ranger Center until they took over the Guardian Citadel and made it their home. The OSX build has been in testing and we’re fixing some compatibility issues so there is a good chance it will be ready when the next code update is live. Linux has not been forgotten and will follow after OSX is released. Because of the scope of the update it's taking a little longer than anticipated, we'll keep you posted on its status as we keep working on it. Last update we talked about offering a one-time chance to get into the early beta for only $10 to all our backers. The timing of this promotion will coincide with the update going out, so it is not yet available now. It will be a short run promotion so we’ll make sure to notify everyone in an update when it has started. Broken Age Released Double Fine’s industry changing Kickstarter for Broken Age (previously known as Double Fine Adventure) could not have come at a better time for us at inXile. They proved that there are other opportunities for small to mid-sized team besides the traditional models that had become stale for both developers and game fans alike. It was literally a few weeks after Brian decided to shelve his dream Wasteland 2 project when Double Fine made waves by taking to Kickstarter. It's become so regular now for larger Kickstarter projects to appear that we forget how much Double Fine changed the landscape, and without them making Wasteland 2 would never have been possible. Like us, Tim was looking for ways to connect directly to his audience and bypass the traditional publisher model, and succeeded to the tune for raising over $3.6 million. And now the first fruit of the combined power of DoubleFine's creativity and fan's support is here. DoubleFine just released the first part of their adventure game, Broken Age. It is available for $25 from Steam as a season pass , which means it includes access to Act 2 when it’s released. Broken Age is getting great reviews and feedback so if you’re a fan of the genre, check it out! Novellas &amp; T-shirt Stephen Blackmoore's novella All Bad Things has gone through copy editing and proper formatting for digital release, and we're releasing it to our backers as of right now! If you have the Early Access package the novella will download automatically within a day, into your Steam install folder (that is ..\Steam\SteamApps\common\Wasteland 2\Books\All Bad Things). You can also find it in your Ranger Center account, we included a link and download code for you to use under the Rewards tab (bottom of the page). Enjoy the read, we certainly did! Following our collective disappointment at the idea of not having the Stackpole novellas, we put our heads together and came up with a solution that works for all parties involved. Rather than Nathan working on his own novella, he is combining forces with Mike Stackpole. Together, they will be delivering two action-packed novellas that tie in seamlessly with the storylines of both Wasteland and Wasteland 2. These are in the works now and we will give you more details as they near completion. We shipped out the backer-only shirts in mid-October. If you specified your choice on Ranger Center but have not yet received your shirt, please do contact us. If you've been given a redemption key to use on the J!nx website for your T-shirt choice, please be aware the cut-off date for the use of those is February 14th . Inventory &amp; Character Screen Upgrade We’re extremely happy with how the new inventory is coming along. It greatly reduces the amount of unnecessary micromanagement and is much more visually appealing than the previous iteration. Instead of being list based, we were able to make it more icon based with unique icons for all items. The list style inventory works well for a game like WL2 with lots of items to collect, but lacks a bit of the soul that comes with an icon based inventory. There is something special about getting to see all the items you own in one spot. We had always hoped to go with an icon based system, but early in the project we were hesitant to commit to it due to the greatly increased art costs. We’re now at the point where we feel comfortable taking on the challenge and know it will make for a better experience. The image above shows the new backpack. Long gone are the days of hitting the backpack button and having 4-7 packs pop open. By selecting the party member along the side, you can see the contents of their pack. If you select the “All” button, it will show you the contents of all packs in one easy to read space. Hovering over an item in this mode will highlight the party member on the left to show whose bag it’s in. Drag it to the PC you want to have it and you’re good to go! When you mouse over the item, you will get all stat and useful information displayed in a small pop-up. You also can further examine the items by double clicking to read the details and see any additional description information. This grid-based inventory is not limited for space. You can manually keep it sorted yourself under the all items tab if you have your own system in mind, or have the game auto-sort it under one of the other tabs (which will not re-set your manual sorting). At the same time, we’re also updating the character, attribute, skills and dossier screens. No longer will they be full screen but instead a more compact window, which gives us space to combine it with another screen. Additionally, dropping items in the world, adding them to hotkey bars, and trading becomes much easier when you can move this compact window around to the most convenient screen spot. We’d love to hear your thoughts on the new inventory vs. the previous one. Please leave comments on our forums or in this Kickstarter update. It will be included in our next code update so those in the beta will go hands-on shortly! In the news Strategy Informer offers a new interview with Brian Fargo about crowdfunding and the development process of Wasteland 2. Both Game Informer and PCGamer are offering spotlight pieces on Mark Morgan, covering his career as well as the games he's working on now, such as Wasteland 2. Until next time, Chris Keenan Your Wasteland 2 Project Lead We just wanted to do a quick update to let you know we're on Twitch TV right now, livestreaming from our studio with DJWheat . For the next two hours we'll be playing Wasteland 2 and discussing the game, and this is also an opportunity for our fans to ask us questions about pretty much anything you want; the design of certain areas, the writing process, our plans for the near future, etc etc. We will be playing a beta area so it's early-game, we'll try to keep spoilers fairly light. I hope you all enjoyed your holidays and got time to relax and spend time with the people you care about. I know we here appreciated the break and have returned with our batteries charged; attacking our to do lists with vigor. Wasteland 2 has been in beta for around a month now, and it’s been a hectic but great time. The initial beta feedback from our backers has been amazing, not just in that many people are loving what they’re seeing so far, but also in that you guys have been terrific in giving feedback: we have around 8000 suggestions/bugs/comments (with many redundancies as you can imagine) reported directly through the CenterCode bug feedback site, and over 500 new discussion threads on our official forums . All the suggestions and bugs from CenterCode have been processed generating approximately 1800 tasks for our team, of which roughly 500 have already been resolved in the first two weeks of work on this backer beta (in the current internal build). One of the things that makes this process unique is having an open beta for a narrative driven RPG. Typically we find that beta programs of this size focus on multi-player aspects of games so that the developer can hone in balance, server capacity and features related to multiple people playing a game. In our case we are looking at ways to improve the reactivity of a story driven game in material ways. It is a key tenet to an RPG of this style so expect to see continued changes and additions to areas you have already visited. I think you will be pleasantly surprised at how quickly and materially things evolve. We continue to learn from your feedback and apply these lessons to both the beta areas and the ones we haven’t released yet. The final version of Wasteland 2 will be a game that could not have been created in a vacuum. If you can’t tell, we have been really happy with how well this process is going. There has been a lot of great criticism on how to make the game better, and we’ve been very excited to see the majority of this criticism agrees with our internal evaluations of what we need to improve on and focus on, such as amount and depth of reactivity, or complexity of combat. In other words, we’re in agreement on the direction this game is heading in! As I said blocker bugs are our first priority but we have a long list of various smaller and larger changes we want to make, many of which were on our lists and were reaffirmed by our community and directly inspired by backer feedback. For example, we’re working on significant improvements to combat. Destructible cover was part of this last update as a first pass with more fine-tuning to come; we will likely add a crouching stance with a variety of tactical applications; we’re going over a lot of the encounter design to more carefully detail tactics-changing factors like ladders or destructible cover; and we’re in the first testing stages to explore adding a special attack system that’ll allow you to invest AP to make specific kinds of attacks based on your weapon types and the skill levels you’ve achieved in those weapons…things like spread shots or steady shots. Keep in mind the combat you see in the beta is only the earliest levels in the game, where enemies are more straightforward and do not have the wide variety of special moves, AoE attacks and more advanced AI of later-game enemies. The enemy AI is quite varied as you get into the later stages, once you’ve sufficiently learned the base controls and rules of the experience. Additionally, let me give you a peek at some of the things we’ll focus on as we continue production: improving the messaging of the game’s interface and systems significantly; doing several balance passes on everything in the world from economy to combat to the whole character system; overhauling the minimap; fixing font issues; working on the field stripping and weapon modding functionalities; tweaking shotguns so they properly provide spread shots rather than work just as rifles; improving the barter, inventory and character system UIs; fixing pathing; improving the balance and functionality of energy weapons; adding additional satisfying death animations; implementing outfit functionality; adding touches and small scenes to make towns and the world feel more alive and much more. That is just a short list of what is in reality a much longer to-do list, so don’t worry if you don’t see your own suggestion in there: everything our backers put into CenterCode is read by multiple developers so nothing is lost. One last major thing I wanted to talk about has to do with reactivity and town connectivity. Let me reiterate from our last update, this is our greatest area of focus when we look at videos of people playing the game or read their game impressions on forums or CenterCode. We are constantly adding smaller touches in map passes but also have plans for significant increases in reactivity, both for our existing maps and for the rest of the game. This is another place where backer feedback shines, as we get feedback from people playing through the game and wondering why this one event isn’t a more complex mission or why we don’t add more choices to another. With your help, the game is constantly improving in this field. As this process goes forward, we are constantly tweaking features, or adding and removing them, but that does not necessarily mean any of those changes are permanent. The “healing over time” mechanic is a good example of this: We initially put it in primarily as a counter-balance to a lack of reliability of healing items from the random loot tables and an unbalanced economy meaning not enough merchants to buy those items from, and it would have caused an unnecessary delay to implement this before beta release. When we put out our first major update the loot system became more balanced, and we pulled healing over time to see how that impacted the experience of our backers. That is the quintessential beta iteration experience, you never quite know how a feature change works out until you have people playing it. Many like the extra challenge it added and the thoughtful use of healing items it now necessitates, but others were unhappy with the way this impacted game balance or felt healing over time was needed because it is a Wasteland 1 feature. We’ll be curious to see how this is impacted by the upcoming overhaul on field medic and surgeon (yes, we know surgeon is confusing as hell) as well as putting in more friendly doctors and merchants for healing supplies. The game is one of scarcity and the mechanics should support that. We will continue to monitor the discussions on these elements and course correct along the way as necessary. These next few paragraphs will be primarily of interest to our existing beta backers: we want to thank you for your detailed descriptions of your problems, along with the error logs, save files, and information on what PC specs are running into problems, as they are invaluable resources at this stage, so thank you all so much for your contributions. If you haven't joined us yet on our bug reporting site see this thread , which also contains information on what kind of files to attach (and, as a general request, to please not .zip or .rar them up). With the help of all this information we have been doing some major work on our game, and in a short timeframe put out a big update to the backer beta on Steam. You can read the (lengthy) full patch notes over on our tumblr , but be warned there will be a few spoilers at the end of those. Since coming back from our holidays we updated the beta again with a smaller update, primarily to improve performance for specific video cards, patch notes here . We will continue to update the beta build, first focusing on blocker bugs (crashes, problems with savegames, etc) in the coming few weeks, and then working our way through to major and minor bugs. The blocker bugs have highest priority and as I mentioned have been sorted out to our programmers. We won’t have an exact update schedule here but we should have word on the next update soon, and hope to address the majority of remaining blocker issues. We will continue to focus on optimization for specific hardware setups, and again your reports have been invaluable information for us to work from. Expect an update to the early beta code in the not too distant future with an additional area and many reactivity changes. This version will NOT be compatible with current save games, so we’ll give due warning when it’s coming. However, there will be plenty of reasons to play the game from the start, as there will be significant changes to existing areas, and tie-ins between all the beta areas that are worth exploring. New content is not just a matter of pasting a new area to the end of the beta, when we unlock that area we also unlock the tie-ins and NPCs and locations it is tied to. Also we were able to get an OSX version of Wasteland 2 up and running fairly smoothly and it is currently in QA. Creating an OSX port of the game is easy thanks to Unity, but such ports do need to go through testing and as we collectively have much more experience with Windows we are being more careful in our approach to the OSX and Linux versions, and are engaging an external testing group to help us get them right. This unfortunately does mean these versions will take a bit longer to release than we anticipated, but on the plus side this experience is invaluable for when we approach the final release. Once the Mac version is up we'll let you know, we will turn our attention toward the Linux version. Jumping on board We’ve heard from a lot of our current lower tier backers who still want to jump into the beta, as it was not a part of every tier during the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter or for late backers. We offered a Wasteland 2 beta add-on in our store but closed it as the beta launched, and eligible backers have been able to play this beta for a month now. However, we want to give our existing backers one last chance to jump into the beta, so AROUND THE END OF THIS MONTH we’re going to offer a limited-time add-on option only through the Ranger Center backer store ; for $10 you will be able to add-on beta access to your existing pledge, getting your Steam beta key as soon as the add-on is registered by us. Please note this add-on will only provide access to the Wasteland 2 beta, it will not include the digital extras of the earlier add-on or the $60 Steam Early Access version. This deal will also be available for Torment: Tides of Numenera backers who are due Wasteland 2 from their tier, when it launches and if you have Wasteland 2 in your tier you'll be able to get it through Torment's pledge management system . We will let you know exactly when it’s up. Novella The first of our Wasteland 2 novellas is getting close to completion, and will be arriving to backers within the next few weeks. All Bad Things is a novella that previews one of the cults you can find in Wasteland 2, written by the excellent Stephen Blackmoore . Here is a look at a candidate for the novella’s cover: We do need to make a change to our novella roll out plan as it relates to Michael Stackpole as we have not been able to finalize his story. We will continue to work with Michael to deliver his novellas, but we can’t promise if that will happen. Because of the uncertain status of Stackpole’s novellas, we engaged Stephen to write this novella for us, which will serve as a replacement for the "episodic novella (part 1)", so it will go to all backers of tiers $50 and above. I think you will be very pleased with Stephen’s work and he does a wonderful job of setting up the backstory for one of the powerful LA cults. As for the promised third novella, Nathan Long is offering his services. Nathan Long is one of the main writers on Wasteland 2 and his work on our game has been nothing short of excellent, and he is one of the writers on Torment: Tides of Numenera. Nathan also has a long list of books to his name , having written a large number of Warhammer tie-in novels as well as his own "Waar" series. With his experience and knowhow of the game I have no doubt he'll deliver a top-notch novella for our backers. Chris Avellone has been working on his novella, but he’s gotten a little carried away. He’s been so happy with how the tale has been unfolding that he asked us if he could take more time and revise and expand it to be a FULL BLOWN NOVEL. We excitedly agreed and are thrilled to do something extra for our backers by delivering a much longer story, though this means it will likely still take a few months to complete. It will be worth it when we get it to you. We’ll shout out on social media when Stephen’s novella is ready. It will be downloaded automatically as an update for anyone who has Wasteland 2 installed on Steam, but we will also be offering redemption keys via your Ranger Center account . Coverage &amp; Shout-out We’ve had fun watching twitch streams and YouTube videos of the backer beta. If you’re not averse to a few (mostly mild) spoilers and want some first impressions of the game, there are many let’s play videos available on YouTube, for instance the impressions videos of Force , MaskedGamer , or TGN , the twitch streams from Theadrain or Dansgaming , or the multi-part let’s player series from sloshworks , CulveyHouse , TheApocalypticStudio , or HDPLAY Gaming Channel . The videogaming press is also starting to weigh in, we round up their previews under the beta preview tag on our blog , including sites such as GameBanshee , Eurogamer , Strategy Informer and Rock, Paper, Shotgun . Speaking of Twitch TV, we will be joining djWHEAT on Friday the 17th at 12:00PM PST for a live broadcast of us playing the game. It should be a lot of fun and insightful for people that want to know more. And finally, we wanted to give a shout-out to RETRO Magazine , a Kickstarter-funded print and digital magazine that focuses on classic games and systems as well as newer games, so well worth a look to many of our backers. Wasteland 2 will be featured in a future issue! Brian Fargo, Leader in Exile It’s hard to believe we're finally at a place where we're ready to put a playable version of Wasteland 2 into your hands, but today's the day. What a road it has been to get here. It has been an enlightening experience learning what is entailed with this new transparent development process. I admit it isn’t easy to release code before it’s complete, as I have hundreds of issues on my list still to be addressed, but it’s time for the next phase. All backers eligible for the beta from your original pledge (that is, any tier of $55 or more except the $60 late backer box) or an add-on can now log in to your Ranger Center account and retrieve your Steam key for the Wasteland 2 beta. You’ll find it at the bottom of your Donations page. I should also note that we've had quite a few requests to offer the game on Steam Early Access, which we will do after our backers have had first crack at it. PLEASE DO READ THIS UPDATE BEFORE YOU START TESTING Creating a deep RPG is a unique challenge, in that so many elements need to be working well together, with 95% of the game's underpinnings complete before beta can begin, which is what we've all been working so hard on this last month. Now, however, is the stage of development where the magic happens. With most of the mechanical issues behind us, now we can really start digging deep into the game and finding ways of taking it from good to great. No amount of prepping and planning can replace old-fashioned hands-on playing, testing and iteration time, which is why we are so grateful to have you, our backers, help us hone this process like never before. So thanks once again to all of you for giving us this opportunity to make your game in this new and open way. Your input has been, and will continue to be, critical every step of the way, and Wasteland 2 will be better because of it. For your convenience while playing, we put together a reference card . This serves as a basic guide to gameplay and the game's interface. All the game's major systems are now implemented, which allows us to expedite the amount of depth, fun and subtlety that gets in, but this is an ambitious game both in terms of scale and the amount of reactivity we have planned, so please don’t forget that we are not complete, and that there are still a host of issues that need to be addressed. I’d like to highlight some of these so you know what you’re playing and how the final game will compare. Scope Because this beta doesn’t include all the Arizona maps, this portion of the game will feel a bit more linear than the full experience will, particularly with the first maps being narrower locations rather than proper hubs. The final game will have a more open feel where you can poke around and check the defenses of higher level areas and perhaps snatch an item or two. So fear not, as there will be more strange areas to discover in the final, and we will be dropping more in throughout this beta phase. In addition, we’ll be adding more quests to each map as well. A number of skills are not implemented in the backer beta, namely, Silent Move, Salvaging, Animal Whisperer, the backer informational skill and, quite ironically, Combat Shooting (ironic if you are familiar with Wasteland 1). You’ll run into a few situations where you could use those skills and we’ll work to balance and roll them out later, but the vast majority of skills are in so you'll be able to try most possible solutions. The character system is complete but not necessarily fully balanced, many XP rewards and upgrade values will still be tweaked. The beta is launching only for Windows PC initially. We’ll look into launching Mac and Linux versions soon, but they will need more testing before we feel secure in doing so. UI As you may remember, we spent quite a bit of time iterating (based on your feedback) the main gameplay HUD, and that process made it better. We have not had that same luxury yet with the inventory UI and character creation, so we expect a lot of comments and you can expect many changes. There’s inconsistency with fonts and colors etc. and the bottom line is that we are not happy with it yet. So please give us your feedback on it, we’ll be looking to polish it up as we did the main game HUD. The game is also still pretty rife with typographical errors. Report them as you see them! Audio I must say I am very happy with the musical score that Mark Morgan has put together, he’s doing a great job nailing the mood we envisioned. We are still weak in the ambient sound area and we know how important sound is for setting the mood and connecting you to the world. In addition, we need more sounds for messaging player successes or failures and the sound levels are not dialed in yet which creates an inconsistency in volume. We are also not finalized on all of the voices so again don’t assume that voices are set in stone. I thought it better for you to get a sense of the radio with some temp voices if need be. Consequences We all know that the heart and soul of a good RPG is having the player’s actions have consequence, and this is a major focus for us. We have a team of programmers that handle all the scripting for the maps, and most of their efforts at this point involve making pass after pass, adding in more depth to what we already have. This is a combination of adding more places to use skills, more ways to work around situations, and a greater degree of meaningful effect based on what the player has chosen to do. We also need add a greater connectivity between the maps, so your decisions have ripple effects in other areas of the Wasteland. This will be the greatest area of focus as we analyze your play and listen to your ideas. So PLEASE share your clever ideas so we can turn up the charm and depth. Along these lines, it probably isn’t a good idea to use the shovel on Ace’s grave. Combat and World Economy This area is fairly robust, but there has been little work in regards to balancing the difficulty, so expect some areas to be quite hard while others may be too easy. In these types of games the balancing can swing wildly from day to day with just a few variable changes. Just tweaking the amount of ammo that can be found can greatly change the experience. The enemies you’ll meet in the beta are pretty early-game, which makes fights a little more straight-forward, as their AI is simpler than some of the later-game enemies. There are not very many merchants right now, and their inventory is not particularly balanced. Basically the world economy has not been balanced yet. The currency and item drops and their trade value will likely seem off to you, as it’s far from final. We are also missing quite a few SFX in combat and we need to better message how much the player can actually do. Again we will be keen to get feedback on this area of the game. In general we like that the game is a bit hard, but only so long as the player can learn from the battles and conquer them armed with that knowledge. Maps The fog of war is not incorporated in the navigation map so you’ll be able to see some detail but not be able to explore or see most of the discoverable areas that will be in the final game. Miscellaneous The code for handling the camera is also not final, and again your feedback will help us to dial it in and give enough user options to make it work for everyone. We still intend to integrate destructible objects to add greater realism and visual payoff into the scenes. Options Menu Please make sure you check out the options menu, as you can customize a number of things, like saturation, edge scrolling, etc. Giving you the option to customize the experience as much as possible was another goal of ours. Again, expect many additions here, but there is already a lot of fine-tuning you can do. Other Topics There’s some more topics to talk about that are not directly about the beta content, so let me cover those one at a time. Press or Video Coverage If you’re a twitch streamer, YouTube personality, or work for the video game press, you’re probably wondering, “What am I allowed to do with the beta?” For the Wasteland 2 beta, we are not putting any restrictions on written and video coverage. Feel free to stream the game, produce YouTube videos, blog about it or write articles about it. You’re free to use any revenue programs available, such as the YouTube Partner program. The only thing we ask is that you explicitly mention that this is a backer/early access beta, and not necessarily representative of the final product. Other than that, please do share - the more the better! Do note that the focus of this beta is on getting feedback from our backers and not about getting press reviews. CenterCode and Documentation Though I continue to tell the programmers not to put bugs in their code since they will just have to remove them later, we know there will be many a pesky bug. With that in mind we’re launching our CenterCode bug reporting site now as well. Each eligible backer will be receiving an invitation email to your Ranger Center primary email. Follow the link to register on CenterCode, providing detailed information on your PC as you do so. The site itself is pretty straightforward; you can report bugs and input suggestions which go straight into our internal bug reporting system, where we deal with duplicates and assign them to the appropriate developer. Simply describe your problem or suggestion, go into as much detail as possible (especially on how to reproduce bugs) and hit submit. The other important function of CenterCode is the “Resources” tab, which we’ll use to provide technical FAQs, system requirements, troubleshooting info and more as we progress in the beta. I must also give thanks and praise to the hard working team here at inXile. I am fortunate to work with such a bright and passionate group of people who are hyper focused on making a game we can all be proud of. Thanks, everyone! We’ve all been pouring our heart and soul into Wasteland 2, and I hope it shows. I’ll never forget the elation from those first two days of our Kickstarter campaign and how happy I was to get this chance. Now, after the long journey, I am filled with excitement and nervousness. Thanks again for your support, have fun, and let’s work together to make a classic. Brian Fargo, Your leader in Exile Hello Rangers, We’ve been hard at work on the backer beta, working through some last blocker bugs to get it ready for you, and kept you updated on @wasteland2beta and the Wasteland 2 tumblr . To catch you up: it’s almost ready: We’re fully on track to put it in your hands next week! As we’ve said before, the initial beta rollout is the first four major areas, the associated COPS maps (smaller maps), the world map and its random encounters, and character creation. As the beta progresses, we’ll roll out more areas, though we do plan to hold LA back for spoiler reasons. We’ll have more details on the beta such as remaining known issues next week, when we launch it. We did want to let you all know that when the beta launches we will be pulling the add-on options from the Wasteland 2 store . If you want to add any of those to your existing pledge – or if you want to be able to jump in on the beta at its launch – this week will be your last chance to do so! With all late backer donations, we manually import pledge data roughly every 2-3 weeks, but we will ensure the database is up to date when the beta launches. The digital-only pre-order options will remain available though we may pull them too in the not too distant future, somewhere in time and space. Existing backers will still be able to upgrade, so as a backer you’ll still be able to move into a higher tier and get access to the beta later, it just won’t be available as an add-on. We’re also progressing in other procedural matters as we get closer to beta. We’ve been testing both Steam distribution and the use of our CenterCode bug reporting site with a limited group of external testers, and both are looking good. CenterCode in particular will be instrumental to a successful backer beta run, it allows for bug reports to go directly into our system, so we can quickly and efficiently handle duplicates and assign bugs to the responsible developer. For our backers, it offers an easy-to-use, simple website that gives you direct access to providing us with not just bug reports, but also general feedback and suggestions. Depending on how things go we may launch the CenterCode site before the beta is out, to give you time to register, provide your PC info and get familiar with the site. Keep an eye on our twitter or tumblr for more news, and expect more updates soon. Got Wasteland 1 yet? We released our polished up version of Wasteland 1 a while ago. We’ve patched it a few times since to improve issues like missing paragraphs, freezing bugs and a nasty bug with the cloning pods. It is currently available for Windows and Mac on GOG.com and Windows, Mac and Linux on Steam . We’re still working on getting another DRM-free option there, specifically for Linux backers. If you did not grab your key yet, it’s still waiting for you in your Ranger Center account . Go get it! If you played it earlier but ran into some of the above issues, try again now. All the Shirts We’ve been expanding our Wasteland 2 merch offerings on J!nx, their Wasteland 2 catalog now includes new T-shirt options: the Blood Sausage, Toaster Repair, Priest and blue Ranger shirts, as well as a Ranger keychain. What’s more, they’re currently running a holiday sale (to December 25th) that includes a Wasteland 2 offer : buy any four shirts and get 25% off. Pictures &amp; Art We’ve been sharing some fun quotes, production photos and other things on our tumblr, so be sure check it out . Among the new stuff are some new screenshots, so here you go: And finally, here's a new piece of portrait art, an "old friend" making a return from Wasteland 1. Thomas Beekers inXile line producer Hello Rangers, Chris here to announce that our re-release of Wasteland 1 - The Original Classic has gone Gold and has been submitted to GOG.com and Steam for platform approval. If somehow you’re unfamiliar with Wasteland: this critically acclaimed post-apocalyptic role-playing game was first published in 1988, and broke new ground as one of the first cRPGs to have an open, reactive world with persistent consequences to your actions. The year is 2087, eighty nine years after an all-out nuclear war transformed the Earth into a hellish landscape where survival is a daily struggle against thirst, hunger, radiation, raiders and mutants. You take control of a band of Rangers, sent out to investigate a series of disturbances in The Wasteland and soon uncover a vast threat to all that remains of mankind. This old school cRPG offers turn-based combat and top-down exploration, as well as tons of mood-setting texts and a colorful variety of enemy portraits. As we talked about before , we have enhanced the re-release, first and foremost ensuring the game will run on modern machines and higher resolutions. Furthermore, the game has been expanded to offer a music track from Wasteland 2 composer Mark Morgan, integrated texts from the paragraph book and manual, and additional save game functionality. It also offers many optional overhauls such as uprezzed portraits, paragraph voice-over and a choice of playing the game upscaled, smoothed or in the original resolution. All our backers – whether through Wasteland 2’s Kickstarter, as a late backer through Paypal , or if you got Wasteland 2 through your Torment pledge – will be getting a copy of Wasteland 1 for free. You will receive your key by logging into your account on the Ranger Center (or the equivalent Torment pledge management system ). They will be available as soon as the game goes live on GOG.com and Steam, which could happen as early as Friday, and we'll email our backers then. Access will be limited to backers only initially. You will be able pick between getting either a Steam or GOG.com key, whichever is your preference. To briefly elaborate on our last update ’s notes on this re-release, we got a ton of feedback based on what we showed you about our Wasteland 1 tweaks. We spent some time implementing a number of the changes our community suggested; a toggle to turn smoothing off, implementing swappable portraits, tweaking portrait art options, in-game manual text on abilities, stats and skills and ensuring it works on Mac and Linux. Beta The Early Beta is not quite ready yet, but we are almost there. We’ve received countless messages from backers telling us not to release the game until it’s ready. Even though it’s an early beta, we feel the experience has to be at a base level of satisfaction to us before we release it. There will still be plenty of time for you to give input and help us craft the game once the early beta is released. We are focused on getting it to a state where we can give you a meaningful impression of the game and allow you to give useful feedback. We’re working hard to get it there, but it does need a bit more love, and we’d rather get it right than rush it to you. As the beta progresses, we’re also testing distribution mechanisms with an external set of users via Steam, all in preparation to get the first playable in your hands. Speaking of preparation, the official forums are being restructured and reorganized to support the Early Beta launch. We are also about to roll out the Early Beta issue reporting site, which will use the CenterCode platform. This way community members will be able to directly report issues into our internal bug tracking database. While CenterCode will be our main method of gathering bugs, you guys will of course want to discuss your experiences, share different Ranger builds, help each other out with possibly technical problems, and the official forums will provide the platform for that. We’ve expanded the moderator group with volunteers that have been on the forums a long time, and they will help ensure a smooth experience and assist in ensuring feedback comes through. On top of our existing moderators, RangerBen, Sxerks, SuAside and Tagaziel, we’d like to welcome Zombra, ffordesoon, Drool, paultakeda and Woolfe. For quick updates, we launched a Wasteland2Beta twitter account , which will keep you posted with news and status updates pertaining to the beta until it is ready for launch. As always, you can check Brian’s twitter , my own twitter , and the Wasteland 2 tumblr for our most important updates. T-Shirts J!nx started shipping T-shirts as of last Friday. They should arrive at US addresses within a week, internationally please allow for a few weeks. If you’ve received an email from J!nx about your order shipping, that’ll most likely be your Wasteland T-Shirt (unless you have other outstanding orders from J!nx). Please feel free to contact us with any questions or if there appear to be problems with your shipment. More Kickstarting If you’re keeping an eye out for interesting projects to back, definitely give the Stasis Kickstarter a look . This 2D isometric scifi horror adventure game has the look of the best 2D top-down gaming had to offer, a mix of Fallout and Sanitarium in this bleak, atmospheric point and click. If you want to know more, an alpha demo is available for your perusal. Raindrop is another fascinating project in its crowdfunding stage , worth a look from any fan of post-apocalyptic worlds for the aesthetics alone. It is a surreal, environmentally driven horror-survival game, with fully explorable levels and complex puzzles. It’s on its final few days with quite a chunk to go, so they could do with a good push! Cries of a Dead World And finally, to share something that’s just cool, gaming song maker extraordinaire Gavin Dunne AKA Miracle of Sound contacted us, interested in doing a fan made song for Wasteland 2. We put him in touch with Mark Morgan for some pointers, and he came back to us with this cool song: <url>#222 of PC PowerPlay , a survival-themed issue with one sweet-looking cover. Thanks, Chris Keenan Project Lead Hello Rangers, I’m Montgomery Markland, a producer on Wasteland 2. We’ve got three major items today. World Map, Early Beta and Rewards. The World Map Like Fallout or Arcanum, the basic experience on the world map is one of exploration and discovery. Your travel on the world map is limited by both physical geography and clouds of deadly radiation. Within those constraints, you can travel anywhere in the region depicted on the map. You have two alternative means of exploration while in this game mode. Primary exploration occurs in a 3D map that shows your immediate surrounding environment with representative scale and geographic features of the region. Significant locations, settlements and sites reveal themselves as you scout around. The 3D exploration is in the same style and pattern as Mount &amp; Blade and Neverwinter Nights 2: Storm of Zehir. While in the 3D world map, you can press “M” to bring up a 2D map displaying the entire region. This 2D regional map automatically updates with locations you have either explored yourself, or have been informed of by another Wastelander. The regional map has been handed down from ranger to ranger over the previous century, each adding their own details to what was originally an old-fashioned roadmap from the 1990s. As you discover radiation zones they are marked on your map In Arizona, locations generally match their canonical layout from Wasteland 1. The map is filled with key locations you will discover through regular playthroughs; but significant sections of the map are side exploration opportunities. There is plenty of space to wander around, discover hidden resources based on your character’s build, fight random encounters and discover minor sites that may be explored in normal game mode. Exploration As you explore the region, you’ll discover three primary things on the world map: settlements, sites and resources. Settlements are major locations, such as Ranger Citadel and the Ag Center. Sites are minor locations such as an abandoned mine or a highway roadblock. Resources include oases where you can refill your canteen and hidden caches where previous Wastelanders have stored ammunition, weapons or other goods. Exploration is the primary activity; but survival will demand some attention as well. Survival The Wasteland is a dangerous place, and there are several threats that can end your Ranger career prematurely. Dying of Dehydration In Wasteland 2, water management is challenging and important. Your water supply is based upon the number of rangers in your squad and the number of canteens among them. Depending on the type of terrain you are traversing, your water supply is consumed at varying rates. Desert terrain requires the most water, while grassland and highland are more forgiving. If you run out of water on the world map, you do not immediately die, but over time your rangers will begin to take damage from dehydration. You will eventually die if you do not find a new source of water. Your Outdoorsman skill adjusts the overall water consumption rate as well as the length of time your squad can last without water before suffering from dehydration. You will find water at hidden oases throughout the region. Oases are discovered as you travel the 3D map; you will discover them from greater distances with a higher Outdoorsman skill. Like settlements and sites, oases will reveal themselves in the 3D world map as they are scouted. Other water sources are also available throughout the game, inside of major locations, such as Ranger Citadel and Highpool. These in-level water sources are automatically accessible if the level is a friendly location. Water sources in neutral or hostile locations generally require a mission or task to unlock. Once such a water source is available, it is always free. Dying of Radiation Poisoning You'll want to pay attention to your Geiger counter. Clouds of deadly radiation, remnants from the war, drift throughout the American Southwest. Your Geiger counter measures the radiation level in your immediate surroundings in Sieverts (Sv). You will encounter varying levels of radiation. The lowest rad levels do not damage you, but rather warn you that higher levels are likely near. Damaging levels of radiation poisoning begin at 500 mSv and can reach exposure levels that are instantaneously deadly. Except in these extremely high doses, radiation will not immediately kill but it definitely packs a bigger punch than dehydration. Saving is recommended when exploring the unknown, far reaches of the region. Equipping your squad members with rad suits will allow them to survive certain levels of radiation. You can also upgrade your rad suit later in the game to a higher quality version to survive higher doses; but remember that there are pockets of radiation in The Wasteland that are at such high levels that no one can survive, regardless of a rad suit. Proceed carefully. Dying of Murder You’re not the only survivors in The Wasteland. Our random encounter system will throw a wide variety of dangerous animals, mutants, raiders and robots at you. Encounter chances are based on an overall percentage depending on terrain type and the general level of danger in the zone you are travelling. Certain parts of The Wasteland are populated by particularly dangerous enemies. You are more likely to trigger high-level encounters while travelling in those areas. We do not conduct any form of level scaling in this regard; so if you wander off the beaten path you better be ready for a tough fight. When a random encounter begins, you will have the option to either attack or attempt to run away. Your chance to successfully flee the fight depends on your Speed, Luck and Outdoorsman skill. Random encounters draw from a wide pool of scenarios. Animals, mutants, raiders and robots will attack from a variety of positions and depending on your skills and abilities your squad may possess the high ground, if any, or your opponents may begin in an advantageous position. Random encounter zones will match the terrain type you are travelling through and each terrain type has several different encounter layouts. Encounters generally consist of between one to six enemies, though that does not necessarily inform you of the difficulty; one Slicer Dicer will tear through your ranger squad well after you get to the point where six Supaflies are merely an inconvenience. Skill and Abilities Your rangers possess a variety skills to help you brave these many dangers. Outdoorsman is the most important for the world map, affecting water consumption, dehydration survival distance, scouting range for new settlements and sites, starting position for random encounters, your chance to run away from said danger, and more. Outdoorsman is the key skill for travel, but you will find uses for it in various other areas of the game as well. Luck is likely the second most important ability or skill while travelling on the world map. Luck impacts what kind of hidden caches you discover in The Wasteland and how much loot they contain, as well as your likelihood of escape if you try to run away from a random encounter. There are also certain resources and events on the world map that you will only be able to discover if you are extremely Lucky. Finally, Speed has obvious impact in relation to random encounters, as mentioned above, and several of your other abilities and skills will reveal hidden caches, high value items, unique encounters and undiscovered oases with greatly increased water supplies. Difficulty As with all of the challenges facing a ranger on the wastes, we modulate difficulty according to your settings. We provide a specific Travel Difficulty slider, which controls the overall challenge of the world map as well as the level of hinting and signposting present in the HUD and on the map. In easy mode, navigating The Wasteland is simple and does not require much thought. In hard mode, a simple factor like water management can be brutal and challenging. Medium strikes a balance; challenging but with enough freedom to wander and explore. Early Beta You’re all no doubt anxious to get your hands on the Early Beta and we’re anxious to get it to you! We’re now in the stage where we have distributed standalone copies of the Early Beta to a small group of external individuals as a test run. This is the final stage where we ensure it is up to our standards and runs on a variety of machines, and we’ll then be ready to get it to you. Early Beta will only be distributed through Steam, as called out in the original Kickstarter reward tiers. The final release will – of course – be available through a wide variety of channels; but running the Early Beta through Steam is the optimal option. Any other solution would require a non-trivial investment of resources into Early Beta distribution; we feel those resources are better spent on the general quality, stability and scope of the game. Rewards We’re seeing steady progress on the various rewards you’re due. We’ve got specific information on Wasteland 1 and T-Shirts today. We’ll have more detailed information on other rewards, such as the coins, medals, patches and miniatures very soon. Wasteland 1 We noted back in Update 33 that Wasteland 1 would be getting a standalone release. Where is it! First, we’re ensuring it runs on modern machines, higher resolutions, faster processors, and all that jazz. We’re also giving it some polish for rerelease including a Mark Morgan music track, integration of the original paragraph texts into the game, and optional paragraph voice over &amp; uprezzed portraits (both of which may be toggled on and off). We've spent a very limited amount of time on the WL1 portrait uprezzes and if possible we'd like to open up the ability to customize the WL1 portraits to the community themselves. We’ve also added support for multiple save games – now you don’t have to wipe the game clean to start over. Wasteland 1 will be made available for free to all backers (including late backers as well as people getting it through the rewards associated with backing Torment: Tides of Numenera or Project Eternity), and sold as a separate title on GOG and Steam. T-shirts Responses to the t-shirt survey have been processed and shirts will be shipping out very soon. We’re also switching to a new system for any t-shirt stragglers; you’ll receive a code on Ranger Center which you can redeem at the J!nx website . Thanks for reading. Thanks for backing. And thank you for your impending feedback and bug reports during the Early Beta. Montgomery Markland Producer Hello fellow Rangers! Chris Keenan here to talk about the most recent progress on Wasteland 2 and what to expect in the upcoming months. We last spoke about skills in Update #20 in December of last year . Since then, our team has made incredible progress on all fronts. I can say, without a doubt, that we’ve been more efficient as a team than on any project I’ve ever worked on. Much of this has to do with a clarity of vision and getting feedback early and often to make sure we’re focusing on the most important things. Now is a good time to talk about the core character systems (attributes and skills) since in the very near future, you will be playing with them during the early beta. Some functionality of the attributes and skills have changed during the iterative process and will continue to do so as we get more feedback from you, once the playable is in your hands. Attributes Attributes are the starting values that define your character. You allocate them at character creation and while they can be upgraded during the course of the game, opportunities to do so are sparse. Attributes are key in determining the core characteristics of your ranger. They affect things like how many action points you have, how much movement each action point allows, how many survival points you gain per level, your carry weight, and many other variables. We’ve always said choices and trade-offs are a main design focus and character creation certainly supports this. Attributes have a cap of 10 and you will start with a smaller attribute pool than you may be used to. Each attribute point has a dramatic effect on your ranger, which leads to some very different feeling rangers based on how you distribute them. If a specific attribute is very low, that may cap the related skill or could mean the character is incapable of using some items with attribute requirements. Of course, we will be balancing attributes and skills throughout beta, so some of these might be modified further. Outside of the core uses, NPCs in the world will react to specific characters based on their attribute make-up. The attributes are ( with some but not all uses listed ): Coordination (CO) : General coordination and ability to operate firearms. Determines action points (AP) and increases your critical hit chance at range. Luck (LK) : Luck of the roll. Improves crits with weapons, gives you a chance to get an additional AP during your turn and affects many other interactions throughout the wasteland. Awareness (AW) : Ability to notice events happening around you. Increases initiative in combat (turn order), increases evasion rate. Strength (ST) : Pure physical strength. Increases your maximum constitution earned per level, increases close combat damage, increases carry weight. Speed (SP) : Physical speed and movement rate. Increases movement per AP in combat, reduces length of skill usage progress meters. Intelligence (IQ) : Knowledge, wisdom and general problem-solving. Increases skill points gained per level. Charisma (CHR) : Charm, personality and swagger. How NPCs perceive your likeability or persuasiveness. Also making a return from Wasteland 1, but still not exactly an attribute, is maximum constitution (MAXCON), or the maximum number of hit points. MAXCON is derived from strength and upgradeable when you level-up. Skills After selecting attributes, you will be able to place Survival Points (SPs) into your many skill options. Skills start off at a zero value, meaning they are unusable. After unlocking a skill with SPs, you can place additional SPs into the skill to increase its level and functionality. Skills have a maximum cap of 10 similar to attributes. Skills are upgraded in tiers, with a total of 10 skill levels. Roughly speaking, skill levels 1-3 mean novice, 4-6 mean competent, 7-9 mean proficient and 10 means expert. Each skill level allows you to take on more significant challenges, increasing your chance of success and level of rewards as you use the skill. Skills can also be increased from use. Some skills provide additional bonuses as you reach the various levels of competency. Combat Skills Increasing skills here will increase your chance to hit with that specific class of weapons. In addition, mastery of those weapons increases with your skill level, allowing you to manipulate and clear it quicker when jams happen. Blunt Weapons: Generally have higher damage but a tighter damage range. Bladed Weapons: Have lower damage but a greater range and higher crit max. Anti-Tank-Weapons: Generally do massive explosive damage but ammo is rare and blast radius makes them hard to use in certain combat situations. Can also be used to get through some pesky doors. Submachine Guns: Have a lower range and lower critical chance, for a more hail-of-bullets approach. Ammo tends to be cheaper and more plentiful than for the higher caliber automatics. Shotguns: Have shorter range but great stopping power. Energy Weapons: Usefulness varies based on your opponent, as energy weapons are less effective against flesh. If your opponent is heavily decked out in metal armor the weapon heats up his gear. The higher the armor of your target, the more damage it will deal. Think pressure cooker. It’s nasty. Assault Rifles: Are very versatile and powerful weapons, but ammo is harder to find. Assault rifles use higher caliber rounds with more penetration value than smaller arms. Sniper Rifle: Ideal in open fields due to their long range and heavy damage, but not necessarily stellar in cramped corridors. Ammo is very expensive. Make your shots count as the AP cost is very high. Handguns: Includes pistols and revolvers. Like SMGs, ammo is common enough to make this the go-to weapon for many rangers, but they are single shot only, trading that for a higher crit value. Information / Knowledge Skills Your chance of success with non-combat skills depends on the difference between the challenge and your skill level. For an expert at lock picking facing a door with a very simple lock, there is almost no chance to fail. A novice surgeon may find it very hard to remove the effects of a dangerous strain of toxin or a serious injury that renders your ranger in mortal condition. If the skill difference is too significant, especially for untrained rangers, it may simply not be possible to accomplish the task. Picklock: Chance of success and speed at picking conventional locks. Safecrack: Chance of success and speed at picking safe locks, including on vault doors. Alarm Disarm: Ability to disarm alarms, but also to fix faulty wiring on security doors and open them directly. Toaster Repair: Fix broken toasters and who doesn’t need that? Computer Tech: Skill at hacking computers, which gives access to a variety of possibilities. You can gain information you couldn’t otherwise, or remotely activate a security system or camera. Some computers may give you the ability to activate or reprogram security doors. Synth Tech: With synth tech you can repair and reprogram synthetics and other robots, turning them to your side in combat. Demolitions: The ability to use demolitions in and out of combat. Out of combat, its most common use is to break down doors or clear barriers that do not give way to picklock or brute force, but this unsubtle means of entry is sure to be noticed. In combat, lots of destruction. Brute Force: Determines your skill at applying your raw strength to break some things. Lacks the subtlety of picklock and the raw force of demolitions. Move Silently: The ability to sneak around unnoticed. Salvaging: How effective you are at finding usable items in what would normally be considered piles of junk. A ranger who is good at salvaging can find many useful items that might be skipped over by a normal person. Kiss Ass: Dialogue skill involving flattery, seduction, and well… ass kissing. Hard Ass: Dialogue skill involving intimidation and aggressive speech. Smart Ass: Dialogue skill involving persuasion. ***The “Ass Trio” names are placeholders but somehow they’ve taken hold around the office.*** General Skills General skills have a variety of uses. Some involve breaking down materials that you find in the Wasteland, while others provide much needed medical care. These tend to be support skills and help you manage and solve problems. Barter: Ability to negotiate for better purchase prices and higher sales prices for your goods. Outdoorsman: Primarily used on the world map to determine your ability to conserve water as you travel, as well as expand your options for when you spot random encounters. Leadership: The ability to lead a team, best used by a single PC who gives a buff in combat to PCs and friendly NPCs around him. Multiple leaders around the same skill level can cause a negative reaction. Also determines how much companion NPCs will listen to you vs. doing their own thing. Cliff Clavin Backer Skill: The skill exclusive to the early backers of this project, it adds flavor text to the game world. Animal Whisperer: The ability to influence animals into staying passive, running away or following you. Field Medic: This skill lets you quickly patch up guys during combat, recovering some CON by using medical equipment. Surgeon: Allows you to provide help to rangers who have major status effects or have gone unconscious or worse. Can be used in combat but due to the amount of time it takes, will force you to protect your surgeon from being overly exposed. Weaponsmithing: The ability to craft and mod weaponry to increase its performance. Field Stripping: The ability to strip weaponry you find into parts to use for improving your own weapons. Perception: Can be used actively to notice enemies through thin walls, uncovering them for a short period of time. The skill also shows you the perception cone of enemies to help you sneak or get to a better starting position prior to combat. As a passive, it helps to identify things that might be out of the ordinary, including finding booby traps. ?????? - A few other skills that can be unlocked throughout the game. What may stand out to you is the variation in the perceived level of usefulness of skills; animal whisperer is unlikely to be used as much as handguns. We purposefully designed skills that would not be used universally. Each skill has a variety of uses throughout the game and various levels of rewards. Lockpick might more often used, but you never know when something like Alarm Disarm will give you a huge advantage (or reward) that would be otherwise unobtainable. This level of granularity is an advantage of party-based systems and we fully intend to exploit it. We want you to build a varied, multi-skilled group of rangers who play off each other’s strength to become a kick-ass team. New Screenshots Here’s a few more screenshots we wanted to share with you. As you can see, there is a wide variety of diversity amongst the environments you will travel through, both in aesthetic and environment design (full size here and here ). Early Beta It is now October and we are close to getting this game into the hands of our beta-eligible backers. We’re currently cleaning things up, fixing the largest issues and working on a first pass of balance across Arizona. Have we mentioned that this game is massive? The short-term plan is to continue iterating and fixing bugs found by our internal QA until the game is stable and playable through the sections we are opening up for early beta. This process will take a few more weeks. Once we get there, we will have a very small group jump in to get a feel for if it’s ready to release to our patiently waiting beta backers. The plan is to distribute the beta for Windows PC, as we know we can get standalone builds to work in Windows. We have not forgotten about our Mac and Linux backers and will soon do some tests to try to get a standalone executable for those versions as well. Many months back we tried a Mac test in Unity and it built great with about 30 minutes of clean up. If history repeats itself, those versions will be available as well for the early beta (what’s the worst that can happen, right?). To prep for early playable, let’s talk a little bit about what we hope to give and get from you. The game will be in an early beta. Much of the systems and content will be in and working but it will be crude in some areas. Some systems won’t be fully polished, there will be weird bugs, and balance will be far from final. We will be fixing these things throughout the beta – we promise the game won’t be released before the game plays beautifully. It’s been difficult for me to get used to personally, but we’ve fully embraced getting screenshots and demo videos out before we feel they are truly ready and polished. I’m much more at peace with it now as this has helped us get great feedback early, and give us time to pivot when necessary. This early beta is no exception. There are two major goals for us here; bug-hunting and gathering feedback on everything from mechanics to mission design to level design. We’ve enlisted the help of the great people at CenterCode to facilitate this process and make sure that we get the best feedback possible, and are able to effectively cull the large amount of information into an actionable format. It won’t be mandatory for you to opt-in for generating feedback, but we hope that you will participate as it will only improve the final product. More info on that will come as we get closer to the early beta launch. For us, the most important thing you can do is provide us feedback. What elements do you like? What things need more work or, in your opinion, just aren’t fitting properly? We want to know what you think of our game, the writing, the flow, the mechanics…everything. We will be updating the game on a consistent basis (approximately every 2-3 weeks) and continuing to improve Wasteland 2 throughout this process. Initially, we will be releasing the first 4 large areas and all associated COPS maps. COPS maps are smaller scenes that can be accessed through the world map and tie into the main areas. We won’t be putting the full game into beta to prevent spoilers that would become widely known before Wasteland 2 is finished. We’ll implement game-wide changes stemming from your feedback from the first areas, and continue our extensive internal bug-testing during this period. Ranger Center We surveyed all our backers for their addresses soon after the Kickstarter, but a lot of you have moved or are moving since that day. We also received messages through Kickstarter about address changes. Please be aware we do not change our address listings through Kickstarter messages. All backers, whether through the late backer store or Kickstarter, have an account on our Ranger Center pledge management system . You can keep your address updated there, and the address listing on your account at the time of shipping is where we’ll ship to. We’ll send more reminders about this, but please make sure to check your address and make sure it’s up to date as we get closer and closer to release. If you’ve gotten this far in the update, thanks for giving us your time! We will provide more info on when the early beta will be ready in the near future. The team is excited to get the game in your hands and show off what we’ve been working on! Chris Keenan Project Lead Good day to you, Rangers, It’s Chris again to talk some Wasteland 2. We received a lot of feedback from the demo video of the Prison with many strong and important opinions that continue to help us craft Wasteland 2. Our philosophy on this project is to put out videos when we have a decent amount of new features to show off. That way, we can follow the discussion threads and see what elements are working and what needs improvement. It allows us to see the most hotly discussed topics and react before the game is too far along to modify systems that might not be as good as they could be. Sometimes this means we aren’t able to iterate and polish as much as we want before it goes live, but we feel it’s well worth it for the valuable feedback you’ve all provided. We will note a few below and let you all know our plan of attack for the ones that received the most comments. Graphics and Animation First and foremost, many of you had notes on the graphics, or more specifically animations. There were some obvious issues that we fully plan on fixing. We have to balance the trade-off between showing something that looks good enough while not impacting our schedule and production pipeline negatively. In a normal game production process, there is a HUGE amount of time wasted creating demos. We opted to instead show an actual snapshot of the status of the Prison map. Our fans were clamoring to see another update which means we weren’t able to get to some of the more detailed polish items. We know they’re there and we will continue to iterate and polish. The floaty look of the rangers running was oft-noted. This is a height mesh issue that we are taking care of. We identified this as a risky item to fix prior to the demo as it affects multiple areas and didn’t want to slow down the teams working on other areas. The choice was made to not delay the video for some of the graphical fixes. In a wider sense, these aren’t “final” graphics. The Prison is a more polished area relatively but we’re still several passes from “final” on geometry, normal mapping, textures and post-processing. As for the UI, the main game HUD is on its fourth pass and we will continue to make improvements. In particular the AP counter is a point we agree needs some work and it has already been updated. Other UI elements will get some work too. Consistency amongst menus is something we are working on right now. The dialog UI in particular is a work in progress. In the last video we showed, it didn’t have a field to type in keywords yourself, but be assured that mechanic is still in. Combat Systems On to some of the gameplay points. One often seen discussion was the change from hex grid to squares. This is one of those points where crowdfunded games are unique; in a standard development cycle you would not get to see how mechanics like that work until they’re fully tested, iterated on and polished. Here is a little backstory on the change. Originally, we didn’t intend to have any hex or square grid during combat. It was going to be more free form movement. One of our engineers added a hex grid as a debug test to approximate spacing of characters in combat encounters. When we saw that grid turned on, our mouths watered. A few days prior to recording the first video, we made some tweaks to get our movement working with the hex grid. It worked great for our early combat. One unfortunate side effect was that since it wasn’t in our original design, we didn’t account for it from the beginning of development. We had already done tests and created our tile set sizes, including doors and surrounding props. We could have redesigned the size of the tile sets and doorways (which would have been a huge amount of work since we had grey boxed many of the levels) or look into other options. Squares came next. We had introduced cover at this point and squares lined up nicely with the doors and cover. Of course, while the advantage in positioning, production time and map layout is there, many of you justifiably pointed out you’re losing flexibility in movement, from a grid’s six-way movement to a square’s four-way movement, and that creates undesirable situations where you move four squares east and four squares south to move to a relatively close position. With the help of backer suggestions, here are two points we have already implemented to improve the mechanics and feel: Moving around the world in combat is much more free form. Your player won’t just follow the exact grid, which created an unnecessarily artificial look. They will take the shortest unblocked distance from the point they are standing to the point you are moving to. Movement is still calculated based on an underlying (optional on/off) grid and is displayed to you in your AP cost. Moving diagonally in the calculation costs 1.5 times as much as a straight movement. Do note that your speed attribute changes the AP cost used as movement for all characters, so the calculation is never very simple. Another pattern we saw discussed had to do with stances as a tactical choice in combat. Stances may not seem like a big deal to implement, but it is a deceivingly large amount of work to do correctly in our game. There are a few issues to consider when evaluating this as a feature. First, is the amount of work necessary to get it done vs. how much it will add to the game as a whole. It involves additional code to simply implement the base feature, UI work to get the HUD elements, a large amount of AI to have enemies react to it differently (assuming we don’t just have the rangers use it…which would be lame), design work to fit it on to all applicable humanoid enemy NPCs, gameplay balancing, bug testing and the finally largest risk comes from animation. Our animation system is pretty robust. We’d essentially be adding 2 additional states (crouching and prone), which need to have our full suite of animations related to all weapon skills. 9 skills (or 7 without melee skills) doesn’t seem like a lot but when you break them down, it gets unwieldy quick. Each weapon has firing, jamming, equip/unequip, reloading, aim up/down, multiple player damages from that pose (i.e light, medium, heavy, crits) plus all of the blends in and out that make them smooth from different player states. In all it turns into around 15-20 animations per skill, per stance. Finally, there would be visual issues from our 6 foot tall rangers with a 3 foot long sniper rifle lying prone. Weapons would clip through the world props all over the place. As we continue iterating and polishing, we will evaluate all options as they are available, but as you can see, this is not a particularly easy decision to make. Exploring Environments And as a final note, a few said that this early part of the Prison in the demo gave an impression of linearity. This is mostly due to it being a demo run, with us having a specific path and sequence in mind. Wasteland 2 is incredibly varied in regards to the feel of the levels. Some are more town based, others are underground maze/cave-like areas. We have large interiors of buildings, huge canyon areas (like prison) and more desolate plains. There is no template that is universal to Wasteland 2. We’ve made sure to design a ton of missions that will take you all over. Many are optional, meaning that you will be able to do them or not do them as you wish. Others will open up (or be shut down) based on decisions you’ve made before. There will be no lack of exploration and discovery. And more! I’m going to link to this page on our tumblr , where you can find all the GamesCom previews rounded up as they come in. GamesCom is a very international event so you can find previews in a huge variety of languages: English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Hungarian, Danish, Japanese and Dutch! And finally, we’re still loving what Mark Morgan is doing for the Wasteland 2 soundtrack, so here’s a new piece we wanted to share. Chris Keenan Project Lead Hello backers, Chris Keenan here for another update. We promised you a new video, and here it is, a twenty minute video walking through the Prison area: <url>’t go so well. This area was not built purely for demoing purposes and it is a straight video capture. While the level will be further polished and improved (we’re missing a bunch of sounds among other things), it gives you a sense of the final game flow. The level was the winner of an internal competition process (as mentioned last update ). This is only a tiny fraction of the game which is very hard to show in a 20 minute update. It represents about 1/3rd of the prison map and isn’t even one of the larger levels, so you can imagine it can be tricky for us to share enough without too many spoilers or overwhelming you. Another particular focus of the video is showing the game’s progression, which highlights the back-and-forth communication with you, our backers. From the renaming of the characteristics into the CLASSIC acronym to our multiple iterations on the UI based on very direct but very useful feedback from our fans (and it is still customizable to your tastes, for example you can configure the text window depending on how much you want it to show). It’s safe to say that even apart the crowdfunding that started all this, the game would not be in the state it’s in without your input! But internal and external feedback aside, it is absolutely key to us to stay true to the game as described in the Vision Document we released early in this game’s development cycle . This video is only a short look at one area, but if you watch it with the Vision Document side-by-side, I think you’ll find we’re touching on every point we promised. We hope you’re as happy with our progress as we are. First Dev Diary Released As part of the Kickstarter tiers $30 and up, we promised a four-part development diary, where our team talks about the game’s development. Part one is available now, with CEO Brian Fargo, president Matt Findley and myself talking about the game’s design and writing processes. If you backed during the Kickstarter for $30 or more, you’ll be able to find the video by logging into your Ranger Center account . Go to the Rewards tab and scroll down to find the video. And more… There has been a steady stream of previews based on our demoing the game at GamesCom. We have been rounding these up on our tumblr . GamesCom is a very international event so previews can be found in English, German, French, Polish, Spanish and more. You can also find a few screenshots of the demo area there. There are a couple of new interviews with Brian Fargo to read: [a]listdaily talks indie and game production with him , and Rock Paper Shotgun rounds up its coverage of inXile by digging back to our earlier, publisher-driven days . The limited Wasteland 1 art print will start shipping to people this week, if you ordered one look for it this week or next for US and within a few weeks for international. New orders will ship as they come in. And finally, we’d like to give a shoutout to the Video Games Live: Level 3 Kickstarter, where longtime Interplay and inXile composer Tommy Tallarico is looking to do a world touring of a video game concert event. Until next time, Chris Keenan Project Lead Howdy Rangers, Chris here. There’s a lot to talk about for this update: the level-off, Wasteland art print, tiers $1000 and above closing, and we have some screenshots and portrait art to share. But first, some really good news: Wasteland 1 getting a separate release! As you may know, we had a deal in place with EA to give all our Wasteland 2 backers (including late backers ) a copy of Wasteland 1, which was to be integrated and launched from the game’s menu like the original Bard’s Tale trilogy into the new Bard’s Tale. We very happy about that, as we’ve always wanted to enable people to get back to the original, and it serves as a good refresher for the sequel. We recently went to talk with EA to try and get it out in a different, separate format, and they accommodated our idea. We’ve now inked a new deal where we’ll be able to release Wasteland 1 separately. After getting the game in our hands and ensuring it runs on modern machines, we plan to distribute it FOR FREE to all our backers before Wasteland 2’s release, as well as sell it on GOG.com and Steam for anyone else interested in trying out this classic RPG. The Level-Off We’ve been asked to show the game off to a plethora of press in Cologne, Germany later this month. Brian, Matt, Thomas and myself will fly out there and demo one area of the game for around 150 members of the press in 3 days. That may sound like a lot in a short period of time, but don’t worry…German beer will keep us going. Once we learned the show date, we figured we’d get a little friendly competition going. 2 levels were chosen to have a level-off. The teams would work for 2 weeks straight, making it as great as possible during that time. We’d then select the level that showed the best and spend the next few weeks polishing it up. The level-off winners would then not only get to see their handy work in many (hopefully great) previews of the game, but also be featured here. Our winners were Joby Bednar (level designer) and Gavin Glenn-McDowell (environment artist). To get it ready, they both worked more hours than should be humanly possible and showed a passion that is only getting stronger as we start to see all of our hard work coming together. Of course, they were supported by many other great people on the team as well. The winning level is…The Prison. In the original Wasteland, the prison was home to the Desert Rangers and was called Ranger Center. When the Rangers conquered the citadel, they moved in. The prison was now open, which allowed the Red Scorpion Militia a chance to call it home. The RSM are not too fond of the Rangers, for reasons that you’ll learn in a few months time. We’ll showcase this area not just to the press, but we will also create a video based on the area to showcase to our backers. Joby is on the left caressing the mannequin in the inXile beanie while Gavin is showing off the guns that got him the job in the first place. Wasteland Art Print Late last year we managed to track down the original art for the Wasteland box. This box art is one of the most iconic ones in videogame history, a showdown among the ruins of a city bathed in a hellish red light. We convinced Barry E Jackson - the artist of the original - to sign a limited run of high-quality prints of the art. This piece of video game history is available for $320 , the edition is very limited and will only be made available for this run of 500. The print is 14” x 14”, which is the size of the original art, with a 1.25” border an all sides, printed on Crane Museo® Max™ 365gsm Archival Fine Art Paper using Archival Pigment Printing. Each print is signed and hand-numbered, and you can order it now right off our website. Tiers Closing As the game is progressing, we need to finalize the in-game backers content. As part of the process, tiers $1000 and up are now no longer available in the late backers store , and backers can no longer upgrade to tiers $1000 and up. Backers eligible for in-game content can put in some of their information in their Ranger Center account . If you were part of those tiers and provided your name, chances are pretty good someone with your name is walking around in our latest build. We do still need some more info to finalize the backer content, particularly on the shrines and statues, so expect us to contact you during this month as needed. And more! We’ve been getting some great press coverage of late. GameStar’s August issue has Wasteland 2 on the cover (on the regular version, not on the XL version) and has a multi-page spread detailing skills, factions and more. Our official fansite Wasteland 2 Guru has summed up much of the info from the preview . Rock, Paper, Shotgun’s Nathan Grayson visited our studio in Newport Beach and offers some extensive coverage. First, an interview with Brian Fargo, Matthew Findley and me that focuses on reactivity . Second, a preview of the game describing combat, skills, locations and quests. And third, a write-up with quotes from Findley about Wasteland 2 acknowledging gender and discrimination. Last but not least, time to share some more screenshots and art with you guys. First off, a set of screenshots from the Rail Nomads camp and Highpool, some of which you may have seen before if you follow us on social media (full size: Rail Nomads 1 , Rail Nomads 2 , Highpool ). And finally, a new piece of art to share, another portrait piece for one of the denizens of the wasteland ( full size )… Chris Keenan Project Lead Hello Backers! I wanted to give you all an update on the progress of Wasteland 2 and to answer some of the questions I have received on production. I can happily announce that we remain well financed for development, thus allowing us to ship a product without compromise. This is primarily due to our disciplined spending, project planning and the benefit of our back catalog sales to cover any extra product features and content we loved. One of the unique aspects to our crowd funding campaign is that we greatly overfunded which is wonderful in allowing us to create a larger experience, one that is in fact quite epic in size. It could well be the largest RPG I have worked on to date. Of course there is an inherent struggle with the original date hovering despite our greatly increased budget and design. In fact, we learned from this lesson on Torment in adjusting our end date as the monies increased and the stretch goals were met. It’s also important to note that we do not profit from the monies raised from crowd funding as we take 100% of that money (plus extra money in our case) and put it into the game, a game that we can be proud of and one that can become a classic. So let’s get into a bit more detail on timing: In the next month we expect to have a version of the game that is feature complete, meaning all basic game functionality is in. This covers the combat system, character creation, radio support, world map travel, logbook, inventory, loot drop system, save games, AI functionality and much more. In addition all of the game maps are in and we have been in the process of making art and reactivity passes already. The basic building blocks of each level are in and the artists are fully propping them out, and the progress on this front is staggering. The hallmark of a great RPG is how reactive the world is, so our scripters are busy focusing on increasing this aspect of the game. We have encounters that look at the gender makeup of the party, the health of the party, the NPCs who have joined you and so many of the various world states. This is the kind of subtlety I love and makes the games both deep and re-playable. Mark Morgan has had his all music segments assigned and is on schedule as expected. Our particle effects man is working hard through his list so we get the drama and graphical payoff we are looking for. The portrait artists are all cranking on an amazing array of different pieces of art. Our sound team is in full swing with all of the various sounds coming in at a rapid pace. This feature complete playable is about 6 weeks behind where I had wanted it to be but I can’t be too surprised considering the increased scope. We have been able to accomplish so much in so little time by our experience, fantastic team and tools. Unity has played a huge part in allowing us to make a game of this scale in a short period of time. The ease of use with Unity, the asset store and our working with the crowd to help source additional content has allowed us to spend less time on the mundane and more on the creative aspects. I read a quote once that said “art is born from adversity and restrictions” and I think that perfectly applies to this process. The process for development of this game is one that was born from necessity and has made us smarter about how to deliver an amazing amount of content for a reasonable budget. We have also benefited from having just one game in production at a time. As a producer I always find myself in a conflicting role of both pushing on the design and detail to achieve something special yet at the same time keep it on schedule but that is the job. I’m quite pleased with Wasteland 2 from both a graphical and creative aspect; the scope of the game will be quite a surprise for people. As this tremendous amount of content comes together, we get to the artistry of making a game. I will soon be able to truly experience the game to get a sense of mood, timing, balance, variety, reactivity, strategic thinking and overall fun. The first phase of this will involve getting it into the hands of a few select players so we can analyze what we have and hone in on the right elements. And once we have made several passes at this phase we will open it up for our beta testers to get reactions and help us further hone the experience. We plan to begin beta testing in October. You have helped make this game a reality and you will be with us to the end in shaping the final piece through your comments. The best moments in a reactive RPG come during this phase, which provides for touches and details that could have never all been captured in the upfront design. The beta testing will be critical to help us hone in on finalizing a game that can become a classic. And with your help and input we will release the game when it’s ready. Thanks to this new crowd sourced model of game production we have the luxury of working on a game that won’t be rushed out the door. Under the old process we would often have either retail or a publisher pressuring us to ship a game before we were happy with it. Or the more draconian measure of being sued or having the game handed to another developer to finish, (yes those clauses are fairly common) if we wanted to spend more time polishing our little gem… fortunately we have NONE of this. Once the beta testing begins in October and once we have enough feedback from testing, we can evaluate where we’re at and set a new release date. By that stage, over ten thousand of our backers will have gotten to play the game with us. In the end, quality comes before everything and fortunately the backers have been in line with us to make sure we get it right. We are still having a blast making Wasteland 2 and we thank you again for entrusting us to work in a matter that will allow us to deliver to our vision and quality standards. Wasteland 2 at GamesCom I and a few other Wasteland 2 devs will be at the GamesCom gaming conference in Cologne, running from August 21st to August 25th. We will be showing Wasteland 2 for the press, and discuss the game with them, so expect an influx of coverage following GamesCom. We will not be showing the game to the public on the floor, but we do plan to create a video for our backers and fans, based on the area we’ll be demoing. That area will be either the old prison or the rail nomad camp, both of which are looking good. We'll determine which one we'll show closer to the gaming conference. What else is new? The Through The Aftermath podcast’s 50th episode has a one-hour interview with me and Wasteland 2 writer Nathan Long. It covers inspirations, writing post-apocalyptic stories, differences between Wasteland and Wasteland 2, carry-overs from Wasteland and nods fans will recognize. It has some spoilers but is also very information-dense, you can also read summations of the points covered on RPG Codex or GameBanshee . Wasteland 2 Guru has been adding some great info on the original Wasteland. For instance, here is a copy of the Wasteland Survival Guide , a hint guide providing a narrative walkthrough of the game. They’ve also merged their wiki with Kayahr’s to significantly expand the official wiki’s content. Speaking of the original Wasteland, remember the Centron Deluxe Model , a cyborg that roamed through the difficult Sewers levels? Well, they’re back, and they haven’t gotten any less nasty ( full size )… Until next time! Brian Fargo Leader inXile Hello Rangers, and welcome to update #31. We're about to send out a press release announcing our co-operation with Deep Silver for bringing Wasteland 2 out there and the physical goodies to you, but we wanted our backers to hear the news first, so here's a copy, fresh off the presses: inXile partners with Deep Silver to distribute Wasteland 2 inXile Entertainment and Deep Silver today announced a distribution deal for inXile’s upcoming cRPG Wasteland 2. Deep Silver is a veteran publisher and already a long-standing partner for inXile. inXile is currently working on Wasteland 2 and Torment: Tides of Numenera, both funded via the crowdfunding platform Kickstarter. The deal allows inXile Entertainment to focus on all creative aspects of developing the game, while Deep Silver handles the retail release of the game and the physical good fulfillment for the Kickstarter backers. “This is a perfect opportunity for inXile: it allows us to continue to focus all of our energy and money into the creative aspects of the game while letting Deep Silver take our game outside of the pure digital space. This has the added bonus of allowing us to spend more of the Kickstarter funds on development while continue to retain all ownership and control”, says Brian Fargo, CEO inXile Entertainment. “I’ve known the people at Deep Silver for many years and they have always been a first rate organization to deal with.” Deep Silver will also assist inXile in the QA testing of the localized international versions of the game. “The uber-successful crowdfunding of Wasteland 2 through Brian Fargo and his team has shown how much interest for an RPG with traditional values still exists on consumers’ side aside from what large publishers think the market needs. Deep Silver is very happy to support inXile Entertainment in bringing Wasteland 2 to the retail market”, comments Klemens Kundratitz, CEO of Koch Media. Questions... Can Deep Silver make any changes to the game? No, we’re retaining creative control. Thanks to our backers, we’re fully funded and free to implement our own creative vision, and directly communicate with our backers and crowdsource ideas. So this is good news? Absolutely! For inXile, we always intended to use a third party to handle these matters, as we are simply too small a studio to be capable of handling all the award fulfillment details from a practical standpoint. By finding the right partner, we gain not just time: it also frees up financial resources for us as they are more efficient at handling physical fulfillment than we would be. All of that time and funding saved will go right back into the game. We’ll also benefit from additional support from Deep Silver on things like international version QA. For our backers and fans, it assures you that distribution will be handled professionally and quickly, and will assure a smooth experience for getting the game and goodies into your hands. This deal also allows us to put a retail version on the shelves, so people who discover the game later can still get a physical copy. The digital distribution and sales are still being handled by inXile. Does this change anything about inXile’s plans in DRM or DLC/expansions? Not at all, that too remains in our control. Deep Silver is a perfect partner for this: they have no interest in interfering with our promises when it comes to DRM-free release or any future plans we may have for expansions, all our previous promises on these stand. So the only real impact for our backers is that the physical goods fulfillment is in good hands. Screenshot &amp; HUD Update Of course, our cooperation with Deep Silver is hardly the only news we have for you. Everyone here is still hard at work on Wasteland 2. For this update I’d specifically like to focus on the game’s look, where the progress even from day to day has been noticeable and awesome. One point of attention has been the game’s HUD. We gathered a lot of great feedback on it after showing our first pass in our gameplay video , and have crafted a new version based on that feedback, to go along with a new screenshot showing the location of Highpool ( full size ). The biggest practical advantages of this new layout are an easier readability while also taking less screen real estate in its basic layout. Meanwhile, our dedication to customizability remains in place: you can move around, minimize and maximize different parts of the UI freely to make it suit your tastes. Too minimalist? Make some parts bigger. Too spread out? Simply put different segments together. Here is another look at the HUD after we fiddled with it a bit, resizing the textbox and moving the character portraits ( full size ). Wasteland 2 tumblr The Wasteland 2 blog has recently been moved to tumblr and our approach to it has changed with it: it will now mirror the Torment tumblr in covering all kinds of tidbits and concept art we release, and it’ll link to Wasteland 2 interviews and more. As with the Torment, we’ll continue to post our Kickstarter updates just like before, and round up any important news on Kickstarter, so the tumblr is purely an added option for the fan that wants regular news and can’t get enough of Wasteland 2. We’d also like to remind our backers eligible for the backers-only T-shirts as detailed in the previous update to please input their information (size and type preference) as soon as possible so we can get the shirts to you. There are more developments we want to talk to you all about, so expect to hear from us again soon! Thomas Beekers On the line for inXile Welcome back to another Wasteland 2 update. We have a wide array of topics to cover so bear with us. We’ve got shirts, concept pieces, spoilers (thanks, Avellone), production updates and some crazy dude named Werewolf Wally. Would you expect anything less? Backer Shirts While the game is going well and steadily trucking forward, you also have a bunch of other rewards coming in the future. First up: T-Shirts! We’re happy to announce we’ve finalized the T-Shirt designs and will be ready to ship them to eligible backer soon! We have four different options to pick from, representing some of the factions of the wasteland, the Desert Rangers (twice), the Red Skorpion Militia, and the Pistol Packing Priests. The Desert Rangers are the faction you will play as; one of the most influential groups of post-apocalyptic Arizona and the policemen of the wasteland. The Red Skorpion Militia is a well-organized band of raiders, one that has past ties and nasty future plans for the Desert Rangers. The Pistol Packing Priests are a dangerous group of fanatics who believe the apocalypse was judgment come to mankind, and are devoted to seeing its cleansing work continued on the surviving populace. We have updated the Ranger Center Reward form to allow you to input your Shirt and Size selection. Please register on the Center if you haven’t, and input your information so we can get your rewards to you as soon as possible. These T-Shirts are backer-exclusive, only available to specific tiers and will not be sold later. Non-exclusive T-shirts are available via our partners at J!nx . In-game Backers Content Tiers Closing As development progresses we’re reaching the point where we have to start finalizing additional content. For that reason, we will stop taking orders on tiers $500 and above on July 31st. This applies to both late backers and the backer-only upgrade store. Please make sure you’ve put your info into the Ranger Center . Part of the finalizing process will be collating all that data, and you can also expect follow-up emails from us should we have any more questions. This will happen in the following months up to and after the closing of the tier. Since We Last Met Below are a few items that we’ve shared on our social media sites like Twitter and Facebook . We know not everyone follows us on those outlets, so we’ll be rounding up the most interesting tidbits in our updates: We’ve released two new pieces of concept art, showing the varied denizens of the wasteland. Our good friends at Curse have launched the officially-recognized fansite for Wasteland 2, called Wasteland 2 Guru . They’re off to a good start with this nice summary of the road so far for Wasteland 2 , an enjoyable read! Obsidian CCO and Wasteland 2 writer Chris Avellone was at Rezzed to talk Kickstarter and the crowdfunded RPGs he’s working on. The talk focuses on Project Eternity and reveals a lot of interesting things about that game, but of more interest to our fans he hits a bit of Wasteland 2, specifically at the 13:38 mark , showing off the Agricultural Center design document and talking design. SPOILER WARNINGS apply for the on-screen text. nd finally, Polygamia has an indepth interview with inXile CEO Brian Fargo. Not a lot of it deals directly with Wasteland 2, rather it digs deep back into his past with Interplay and inXile before going into the current industry and Kickstarter, but it is recommended reading nonetheless. Production Update Pick a department and they’re making amazing progress. Most of our game systems are in and working. The team is currently busting ass to get the remainders in for a full feature lock. Meanwhile, the level designers are taking the time to craft each encounter and focusing on the reactive elements. Mark Morgan is about to get started on the next batch of music for us. Now that we’re starting to lock our script for the radio voice over from Vargas, we’re able to kick off the recordings next week. Radio plays a huge role in the game and adds a very interesting element to how you navigate the wasteland. That system is fully functioning and will continue to get deeper and deeper. The art team is taking additional passes on each map and adding bits of detail everywhere they can. We’ve also picked up some great team members to help us close out the last third of development. Things are moving fast here! With that said, in our last update, we promised a bit more on an area in Wasteland 2 that you’ll come across in Arizona. After the screenshot below (full size here) , I’ll turn it over to Damonta’s own Werewolf Wally with some interesting details… Wally… Ahoy there, weary traveler! This is Werewolf Wally, howlin' at you from radio station KPOW in heart of downtown Damonta! Are you tired? Hungry? Lost in the trackless reaches of the wastes? Then listen to this message from the Damonta Chamber of Commerce, and point your tired tootsies toward the friendliest little town in Arizona. Damonta has everything a weary traveler could wish for, motel, bar, garage, diner, fresh water, scenic attractions, the best oldies station in Arizona, and the biggest scavenging center in the west! Our little town grew up in the ruins of an old military facility known as the DA vis - MONT h A n Air Force Base - hence the name - and that base is the secret of our vibrant economy. Its big old airplane graveyard is a magnet for scavengers and scrap-metal merchants from all over, and the tech we've taken from all those old planes, robots and buildings has given the town the highest standard of living in Arizona. Ever heard of air conditioning, folks? Well, we got it, and you won't believe how good it feels. Trade here in Damonta is a winter occupation, as radiation clouds seal off the town from most of its neighbors in the hot summer months, but even in the summer there is plenty to do here in the garden spot of the east. Scavenging goes on year round, there's always a shin-dig happening at the Fly-By Nightclub, and locals and tourists alike often visit the airplane graveyard just to look at the soaring skeletons of those old war-birds and the rusting hulks of those scary-looking robots. Heh heh. Don't worry, folks, they're perfectly safe. Haven't moved in years. And "perfectly safe" pretty much sums up all of Damonta, too. If you're here for trade, tourism, or just looking to settle down, remember, Damonta is the place to be! Tell 'em Werewolf Wally sent you! Till next time… In this update, you’ll find a relatively quick video detailing some features of our inventory screen. Our top design goal with inventory is to make sure it is functional and easy to navigate. We considered the positives and negatives of things like grid vs. list backpacks, weight-based or “tetris” style along with navigation details to see which elements will work best with our design. Being that Wasteland 2 is a party-based game, you will essentially have between 4 and 7 inventories to access at any one point. This could become tedious if the design doesn't promote easy management and trading. To reduce this nasty element, we added things like double-click to equip/use, column-based sorting for major characteristics, hot keys for trading, and our smart-loot favorites system. Check out the video below (in 1080p for best viewing) and let us know what you think! We want to hear your thoughts on improvements to functionality that could be made before release. Please feel free to do so as a reply to this update, on our Facebook page , and our forums and blog . The more vocal you are, the better chance you have of being heard! Before you get to the video, here are a few things on our task lists that aren't shown in the video. These weren't fully implemented yet but will be prior to release. Key bindings for menus and commonly used items. You’ll have the ability to designate hot keys for quick navigation of things like trading items to a specific party member or entering into various menus. Mouse-overs for all relevant icons and backpack items to give detailed stats. Each of the icon details on the item pictures and inventory slots will have mouse-overs that show all of the granular stats you've come to expect from hardcore RPG's. Please be gentle. I was sick when I was recording the video earlier this week... <url>– The Airplane Village Here is a new screen shot from a work-in-progress area in Arizona we have not talked about yet. This night shot is from the town of Damonta, which was built from the ruins of the real airplane graveyard that is located south-east of Tucson, Arizona. When we saw images of the real location we were inspired to create a level of the game set in a makeshift village built from the remains of over five thousand airplanes. We will have more shots and a level overview from Damonta in the next update… <url>“having all level geometry blocked in and all encounters and interactions scripted”. We’re happy to say we've pretty much hit that milestone. "Pretty much?” you ask? We hit what would satisfy the letter of that milestone. While we had all encounters blocked in, there were still issues that needed to be cleaned up and sorted before a full playthrough was really possible. For that reason, we set an end of May milestone to clean up the block-in pass for a true beginning-to-end playthrough from a conversation and mission perspective. This means Wasteland 2 is in a fully playable, “alpha-ish” state. The beta is still months away, and we’re tracking well towards it. Our first priority was to block in all maps, and now we get to move onto the phase of propping them out to make them more presentable. We will be iterating and polishing the levels from a gameplay standpoint while the art team is making everything look amazing. As the art gets better, we will have many more screenshots to show off to all of you! Our Community Manager &amp; Line Producer We would like to introduce one of our newest employees: Thomas Beekers, also known as Brother None (a Fallout reference so obscure most people miss it entirely). If you've sent in a question to us through Kickstarter or our backer centers in the past few months, more likely than not it was Thomas answering. Thomas has actually been helping us out since before the Wasteland 2 Kickstarter, when Brian Fargo reached out to No Mutants Allowed to get some extra feel from the hardcore RPG communities. After the past year of valuable feedback and help in Wasteland community interaction, it only made sense to bring him on board full-time. Thomas has been around hardcore RPG communities like NMA and RPGCodex since the late 90's. He has also worked as a game reviewer and editor for RPG website GameBanshee for the past six years while also finishing up his BA in History and MA in Russian Studies. His activity in the gaming community makes him ideally suited to help us on community interaction, as well as providing feedback in our earliest alpha tests for Wasteland 2. Thomas is also going to help reaching out and finalizing the in-game backer content in the coming months. Until next time…Have a great week everyone! Chris Keenan , Development Director, inXile entertainment You’ve heard plenty about Torment over the last month (pretty amazing, huh?!?!) and now it’s time to bring back the good ol’ Wasteland 2 update! The main reason you haven’t heard from us for a while is because our development team is knee-deep in production to get to our end of April milestone . When we exit pre-production, we have paper design for most everything, it’s just a matter of spending the hours, days, and weeks to build, code, and craft the levels and systems you will ultimately play. It tends to be extremely time intensive, but it is one of the most exciting times of the project as you really get a sense of the game as a whole. A few key production milestones that we’ve hit: All 14 major areas have been blocked out with the base level geometry. And yes, this is revealing we will have 14 major areas. We have maps loading (from scene to scene) so we’ve stitched together all areas to form a cohesive flow. 95% of all conversation encounters are placed and working. That means you can talk to just about everyone and go through their various states of reactivity based on how you deal with the conversation. Our core AI system is built and fully functional. These tools allow the designers to build, modify and tune many of the AI behaviors we need for the game (outside of special cases). Our inventory system is fully functional. **We will detail this further in an update within the next month** Before I continue with this update, I’d love for everyone reading this to check out this link , showing the success of fan involvement with this game. From the first day we were discussing this Kickstarter, we knew we wanted to be directly in touch with our community but I’m not sure we had any idea how much it could change our fundamental process of making games. All of these (and more) fan-created contributions will make it into Wasteland 2. More on the W.A.S.T.E program later… First, we’d like to talk a bit more on our weapons system and the thought process that led us to the implementation we have now. What sort of weapons are at my disposal? Hello everyone my name is Devin Morrow and I am a combat designer here at inXile Entertainment. I have been asked by the powers that be (read: Chris Keenan, our production director) to introduce myself as well as provide to you, our generous fans and backers, a little insight into our current weapons design progress and philosophy. This is my first time, so please be gentle. In the original Wasteland and many other RPG’s, there is a clear weapon progression. As you worked your way through the game, weapons like the handgun became less effective in favor of the larger weapons. While this makes some sense it does limit the ability of a player to choose their favorite weapon type for thematic or role playing purposes. It’s hard to play the part of a wasteland gunslinger when you had to ditch your trusty M1911A1 pistol for an AK-97 because the damage just wasn’t cutting it anymore. In Wasteland 2, we want to give back a little more control to the player over how their characters are built and how they progress. This is something we have heard the community echo many times in conversation and on the forums, so it’s nice to know we are on the right track. With that in mind, Wasteland 2’s weapons are divided into a number of classes, each with their own progression. We’ve created a system where if you invest into pistols, you can use them from start to finish and be effective throughout. The same thing goes for sniper rifles, sub machine guns, blunt weapons, bladed weapons, brawling weapons, anti-tank, demolitions, energy weapons, and rifles (list subject to change™). We even took this a step further and allowed more specific, thematic progression within the classes. For instance, we have a range of revolvers from starting equipment up to end-game death dealers that are all part of the handgun class/skill. The same is true for semi-automatic pistols if they are more to your taste. Do you like bolt-action or semi-automatic sniper rifles? One-handed or two-handed melee weapons? How about rockets or grenade launchers? Not to worry, we have something for all of you! That’s not to say that each of these weapons will be as effective as the others in every combat situation. A core design tenet that spans all systems we’re creating has been one of “the trade-off”. We applied this to the weapons system by creating a defined role for each class. Most of these roles you will pick up on quickly. SMGs aren’t as accurate as rifles, don’t shoot as far, and don’t hit as hard or penetrate armor as easily. They do however put out a respectable amount of lead, have the advantage of using pistol rounds which are in greater supply, and require less Action Points to move with. A fast character can be devastating with a SMG, quickly closing in and unloading on an enemy where the accuracy penalty is drastically reduced. On a lightly armored enemy, the damage per action point will be much higher with a SMG versus a rifle (of the same approximate level). Anti-Tank weapons fire and reload slowly, will reduce your character’s speed in combat and are expensive to use, but will do massive damage to a large area. Just make sure you don’t have rangers standing behind your rocket-propelled grenade or the back blast might take them out too. To keep things fun and allow a little flexibility to the system, we have incorporated weapons within each category that blur the lines between different roles. The perfect example of this is the D18 (totally not the Glock 18) automatic pistol. While not as effective at being a SMG as an SMG, it does allow the player heavily invested in handgun skills a little more flexibility in roles. Some other examples are the shotgun shell firing revolver and the .55 caliber WW2 anti-tank rifle. Before I go I want to thank the community at Ranger Center. The “Weapons you would like to see in Wasteland 2” thread is one of the largest threads in our forums. You have been a great resource of creativity. I also think you’ll all be pretty happy with the weapon lists we have compiled. We have done our best to incorporate as many of the serious, real world fire arms as we could while still leaving room for some of the crazier suggestions as well (I’m looking at you, welded-together double SMGs). I will hopefully be back soon with an update on our weapon and ammo crafting/upgrade/mod systems and other assorted goodies. Until then please keep the flood of ideas and feedback coming, I assure you we are listening. W.A.S.T.E. Batch 4 The fourth batch of our Wasteland2 Asset Store Threedee Experiment (W.A.S.T.E.) is now out. After discovering the impressive quality level of assets we received for the previous batches, our art team decided to up the challenge a bit for our contributors. With this latest batch, we’re looking for even more variety and creativity, as many of these props are frequently used and the more varied the set we have to work from, the better the game world will look. We’re also requesting “tile set” meshes for the first time. If you’re interested in contributing, please see the Unity page for more information as well as the gallery of art assets we are looking for. While our contributors are working on batch 4, we are processing approved contributions from batch 3, as well as reviewing a fresh set of contributions from that batch. While W.A.S.T.E. has not been without its hiccups and delays, we’ve been working to smooth the process, and it’s still exciting to see the high-quality work of your submissions. DRM-Free Release We have been getting a lot of questions regarding our plans for DRM-free releases moving forward. To clarify, we are offering the game on as many digital distributors as is viable. Currently we are confirmed on Steam, Origin, and GOG. The Steam and Origin versions will work just like any other games on those services and will not have any additional DRM. The GOG version will be DRM free. We will look at more digital retailers – including other DRM-free ones (such as Desura) – as we get closer to release. As well, we won’t require you to be online to play the game. We are not currently actively planning any DLC or expansion, since we’re fully focused on delivering our promises with Wasteland 2. It’s not out of the question, but we have made a commitment to 65,000+ people to deliver a fully-complete, bad-ass successor to Wasteland and that’s all we’re concerned with right now. Once the game is released and we can take a deep breath, we’ll evaluate the next best steps for the game and our fans. Chris Keenan Production Director Let us just start by saying that development of Wasteland 2 has been going really well. We may go quiet at times but please don't mistake our silence for a lack of progress. At this point in the process, the most important thing for the game is focusing on adding all of the content to get it to a fully playable state. Once we’re there, we can iterate and polish each area and feature for the best play experience. Production of the game is the top priority of the Wasteland 2 team right now, and it's all hands on deck on that one! We recently showed you a first look at Wasteland 2's gameplay , a good glimpse of how the game is shaping up since you helped us make this game a reality almost a full year ago now. We're currently looking to hit a huge internal milestone at the end of April: having all level geometry blocked in and all encounters and interactions scripted. They are currently in various states of completion, but we are tracking well to have them all in a playable state. Meanwhile, we have multiple artists creating portraits, characters and environment models. We are really starting to fill out the world, with a lot of extra credit for that going to... W.A.S.T.E - Unity Crowdsourced Experiment A few months ago we launched our Unity Crowdsourced Experiment with the help of Unity and their Asset Store . We had already been using the unity asset store to provide us with additional content that we then modify for our game, but by offering more exact outlines for people to work from, we have been able to take it all a step further. With this experiment, we offer modelers an art guide and a list of assets we're looking for, but don’t overly go into specifics as we like people to be creative and vary things up based on their own style, as long as it fits the style guide. This gives us a rich variety of assets to work with, while the artists retain ownership of their assets. They can put their asset in the Unity Asset Store to make money from other developers and get a credit in the Wasteland 2 credits (if selected). As with any new process, this one came with its own challenges and hiccups, but we are learning quickly. Submissions go through the Unity Asset Store and then to our artists, and it took some time to get this process in sync. When new batches go up, we’ll reach out through Facebook as well as our official forums , where you can also find our artists to ask any questions you might have. Now, our senior environment artist Koy vanOteghem will talk a bit about this project... Hello Backers, Been cranking away on WL2 for a while now, and so happy to be getting to the point where we are able to have level reviews discussing where we are at on each scene from both a scripting and art perspective. Of course, the W.A.S.T.E. (Wasteland2 Asset Store Threedee Experiment) has been more than great, for many reasons beyond the opportunity to purchase some pretty sweet work from truly dedicated fans and artists. It really has been an unusual and unexpectedly exciting means of connecting with the community. My thanks go out to all of those who have suffered through the sometimes painfully slow start-up process. As I am sure participants of the experiment know, Batch 4 has yet to be announced. While I cannot go into details, it is due for release soon, as part of a larger plan that I know excites us and should be great for the participants as well. More to come on that in the very near future, for now my lips are sealed. We are sad that it’s delayed our requests for what should be a fun batch of assets, with a few new request types for some of the more experienced environment artists. (Giddy with anticipation.) So you’ve all seen the video by now, I assume, and I hope that a few of you have had the pleasure to see a few of your W.A.S.T.E. submissions working their way into our scenes. It was always my goal and hope that these assets would slip right in, under the radar, striking the right look without complicated changes on our end. Use of atmospherics (like lighting, fog, post-processes, FX, etc.) always have great ability to unify a scene, but certainly there needs to be a base level of quality and style present for these techniques to be effective. And I think to a great extent this is due to the tone and style that our resident concept artist, Phill Dickenson, has crafted. His pieces have so greatly influenced much of the work that we’ve received when it comes to proportions and the tone that’s struck; a high percentage of deliverables have been employed with little to no extra effort on our part. He has been a great partner in developing this look, so much thanks to him for all of that. Keep up the fantastic work participants. I eagerly await the launch of Batch 4, and the onslaught of new submissions. Koy vanOteghem T-Shirts Our backer shirts are almost ready! As soon as we get them, we’ll send out requests to have eligible backers select their shirt. We plan to ship them as soon as we get them, and eligible backers will receive their shirts before the game ships. Novella Michael Stackpole has submitted the first pass of his novella. It will be given some extra polish and then be released in two parts, eligible backers receiving the first one in the near future, with the second following a bit later for backers whose pledge tier included both parts. Torment: Tides of Numenera We launched a Kickstarter for our next game project, Torment: Tides of Numenera about two weeks ago. It was a huge success, reaching its target funding level in six hours and breaking Ouya's record as the fastest Kickstarter to reach $1M (our record has since been tackled by Veronica Mars, but what can you do?). Torment's success guarantees a good production rollover process for inXile, but changes nothing for Wasteland 2's development plan as the Torment pre-production team works separately from the Wasteland 2 production team. Torment has really caught people's attention and imagination. We love the feedback we're getting and are very excited about it, so please check it out if you haven’t done so already. Once we clear our Alpha milestone, you can expect to see some more screenshots and details on the different areas of Wasteland 2. We will start to showcase some of the cults and their many motivations and cultures. The M.A.D. Monks In southern Arizona there are a group of monks that are part of an offshoot of the Servants of the Mushroom Cloud cult from Wasteland 1. These monks worship radiation itself, which they refer to as the Great Glow, as well as their hidden guardian whom the refer to only as Titan. It is the Monks belief that the only way to ascend to the afterlife is to absorb enough radiation into their bodies that they become one with the Great Glow, or better yet, to be destroyed in a nuclear event while protecting the order. This leads their warriors, or M.A.D. Monks as the locals refer to them, to the practice of strapping radiation filled dirty bombs to their chests and self-detonating at the first sign of conflict. The M.A.D. in M.A.D. Monk refers to Mutually Assured Destruction, and if you get too close to them you will find out why. Have a great weekend everyone! inXile entertainment On Monday we released the news that we would be launching another Kickstarter campaign for Torment: Tides of Numenera today. If your reaction to the news was, “Hell yes, that is awesome news!” you can stop reading this update and head right to the Torment Kickstarter page to check out a lot more detail on the product. There is a ton of information about the team and the project, so please give it a read. We are crazy excited about the opportunity to work on Torment, and the Torment Kickstarter page should be enough to get all of you excited too. If your reaction to the news about Torment was more like, “inXile, you greedy bastards, why would you launch a Kickstarter before Wasteland 2 is even done!”, then keep reading; we are addressing that point in this update… To those outside the industry, it might seem odd to launch another Kickstarter before Wasteland 2 is done. We understand that it raises some questions, and we want our Wasteland 2 backers to understand the decision and to have access to all the information that has led us down this path. The goal of this update is not to convince you to back Torment; the goal of this update is to answer one simple question. Why now? One of the keys to success for a small game company is being able to create continuity within the development team. It takes a long time to get a team put together, and it takes an even longer time for a team to settle in to new working relationships, a new engine, new systems, and a new asset creation pipeline. A team’s knowledge and experience grows a lot during a development cycle, and all of that knowledge gained is lost if we let the team break up when a project ships. To address that issue we have developed a very simple strategy that has already worked for us on dozens of titles in the last 25 years. Here is a quick explanation of our development team-structure philosophy: inXile, with all of our internal employees and outside contractors, consists of enough people to be considered about the size of a team and a half. This is by design. We always want a small and efficient team (the “half team”) to design both our product and our product development plan. This is called pre-production. It is the most important time in a project’s life cycle. This is the time when we want to make sure we slow down and get it right. During this phase we don't need all the engineers and 3D Artists on the project, it is mostly concept art, design and dialog writing. When this process is completed and we are ready to roll into full production we want to have a large team of people ready to make the game. If the planning was done well during the pre-production phase we can be very efficient during production and leave ourselves with plenty of time to iterate and make amazing games. If there is no pre-production done, and the full team is trying to create the design and development plan as they go, months, if not years, are wasted. Having a full team try to start a project when the pre-production has not been completed is like stacking up a giant pile of money and lighting it on fire. This same philosophy served us quite well at Interplay in creating some of the best RPGs of all time. The “half team” in our team and a half model consists of writers and artists as well as designers and a producer. They are the ones that define the game design, write the dialog, define the combat, the UI, the missions, and even parts of the level design. We spent about 6 months working on this pre-production for Wasteland 2 and we would like to spend even longer doing it on Torment. For inXile, this “half team” that did the pre-production for Wasteland is done, their work on Wasteland 2 is completely finished. We want to get this group into pre-production on Torment to keep them working together on a project we are all passionate about. Currently, Wasteland 2 is in full production with a team of 15+ people cranking away on it. This is the full team that consists of engineers, scripters, character modelers, environment artists, and animators. This team is implementing the plan created during the Wasteland 2 pre-production cycle. When this full team rolls off of Wasteland 2 at the end of the year, they will need something else to do. Having a complete pre-production plan at that time allows us to roll the entire team onto a finely honed game design. Team continuity is maintained, and efficient production can begin. In a traditional publisher model, now is the time in the project life cycle where we would start to try and sign the next big contract. The best tool we have to get that done is to go back to our new publisher, you, and explain that now is the best time to start the next project. Our “half team” is ready to start the pre-production for Torment now. They need about 8 months to get this pre-production work done. In an amazing coincidence, in about 8 months I will have a full team that is ready to take that pre-production plan and create a game. The alternative, starting pre-production on Torment after Wasteland 2 is done, increases the cost of Torment production greatly and requires us to reduce our headcount during the process. Staggering projects like we are doing with Wasteland 2 and Torment is the best tool a single-team company like inXile has to be successful. It has the triple value of making us more efficient, giving us a better game design and making sure we keep our design and art talent working with us. To make everything as clear as we can regarding the Torment Kickstarter and what it means for Wasteland 2, I will attempt to answer some other questions you might have: • We do want to be abundantly clear that no Wasteland money is to be spent developing Torment. No Torment money is being spent on Wasteland 2. That said, lots of tools, plug-ins and pipeline processes that have taken man months to create will be shared between the projects if we can keep team continuity. • The pre-production of Torment is not going to hinder the development of Wasteland in any way. As explained above, they are different teams during the pre-production. We hope this update helps to explain the logic of why we are launching this Kickstarter now. Based on our experience we know that now is the time to get Torment rolling. We also hope that we can count on your support for Torment , and if not your support, at least your understanding. This system has always served us well so we think it makes sense to try and re-create it with you. “You kids remind me of us - Snake, Razor, Thrasher and me - back when we were just starting out. Thinkin' we were gonna save the future. Thinkin' none of us would ever die. What a joke. I... I... Aw, don't listen to me. If everybody started out old and jaded like me, nobody'd ever try to change the world. So you kids go ahead and give it a go. Maybe it'll work this time." - Angela Deth It was very exciting for us here at inXile to see such great reception to our first-look video for Wasteland 2 . We made this video so that all 63,000 of you could see what we were up to. As of today the video has been seen over 370,000 times! There was such an outpouring of overwhelmingly positive support it literally took us a week to take it all in. To make sure we’re communicating properly with you all, we thought it would be good to provide a more thorough explanation about some of the systems that seemed to receive the most comments. Our goal with all of our systems is to allow you to customize them, including their keyboard short cuts, to get the exact input system you want. For all systems we have a default setting that we feel provides the best experience, but knowing that everybody has their own preferences we have implemented a robust settings menu. Game Camera One aspect that seemed to get a lot of comments was the camera system. When you are watching a video it is hard to get a feel for how it works, because there is no way to know what the player is doing with the camera controls and what the game is handling automatically. We know that without a doubt, a bad camera system can ruin a game. There are three main camera elements that we should explain. The first is the camera zoom level. There has been a lot of talk since the start of the project about top down versus isometric. By using the mouse wheel, the player can smoothly zoom from a tight isometric camera back to a wider isometric shot. By further zooming out, the camera moves from the wide isometric to an old school top-down shot. If you are the type of player that doesn’t want the camera angle to change, just leave it alone. If you like to see things from different heights, or from the top down, you have the option of rolling the mouse wheel at any point, in or out of combat, and see the world from the perspective you want. The second camera function that was unclear in the video is the camera tracking system. The camera defaults to ‘follow mode’, which like many systems in Wasteland 2 can be turned off or on by the player at any time through the settings menu. In follow mode, the camera moves around the world with the party – there is no need to pan the camera to keep your character on screen. If your party is not all together, clicking the portrait of any character not on screen will either pan or jump to them, depending on how far away they are, then lock onto their movements as you walk or run them around the map. You can also override the “auto-follow” by using the arrow or WASD keys to pan the camera around the map. If you don’t like using keys to move the camera, then don’t worry about it – you will have an option to pan across the map by moving the mouse cursor to the edge of the screen. In all of these modes, even the pan speed is adjustable. If you don’t like any of these camera options, simply turn them off. The last camera feature we want to explain is the ability to rotate the camera to view the scene from any direction. First, you can simply disable camera rotation – the levels have been designed so that you can play the entire game without having to change the camera’s orientation. For those that want to look around more, but don’t want to be burdened by a freely rotating camera, we have a mode that rotates the camera in 90 degree increments. This allows you to very quickly move between the West, North, East, and South views of the scene. If you want more freedom than that, you can unlock the rotation of the camera, which is what we used when creating the game-play video. Heads Up Display The second system that seemed to get a lot of comments was the HUD. Our HUD is made up of five elements: Character Portraits, Mini-Map, Action Bar, Hot Key Selector, and Description Text window. You can customize the HUD to create the setup most to your liking. Because we already need to make the HUD work for many different aspect ratios and display resolutions and because even we internally at inXile have different opinions as to how big or small certain elements should be, we are building each element in different sizes and shapes. You can select any of these for your default setup. It doesn’t matter if you want the minimalist version, the long skinny version, the short and wide version, or anything in between. We have it for you. On top of that, the Character Portraits, Mini-Map, and Hot Key Selector also have an Auto-Hide function that slides them on and off the screen as needed. Keyword Dialog System The last thing we want to talk about is the keyword dialog system. Many of our systems are designed to be a modern take on systems from the original Wasteland. We started with the Wasteland keyword system and updated it, adding layers of complexity that enable us to increase conversational reactivity. The foundation of the keyword system is the player building up a keyword library through interaction with NPCs and the world. The keyword list starts out empty, and as you speak with NPCs they will reveal new keywords to you. If the revealed keyword is only of interest to that NPC, it will go into a local list. You can click on words in the keyword list to navigate through the conversation. If the revealed keyword has importance beyond that particular conversation, it is put into the regional keyword list. These keywords are of interest to most of the NPCs you encounter that region. A third option, which is never required, is to type something in – a nod to Wasteland 1’s system. Keywords are also added to the keyword list through perception skill use and environmental description text. For example, if you use perception to examine an object in the world, your observations might reveal a new keyword. Or, if you explored the level and triggered the descriptor text of some object or feature, it too might unlock a keyword. The NPC’s reaction to any given keyword can be affected by a number of factors including: the party composition, previous gameplay choices, previously used keywords, previous player responses to NPC questions, character skills, character attributes, item inventory, equipped weapons and armor, prior party actions, and CNPCs in the party. In other words, there isn't a one-to-one correlation between keywords and the NPC’s response. It is important that the player listens to (reads) what the NPCs are saying, because often you can judge by their tone the right way to approach the conversation. For instance, in some cases using a keyword at a particular point of the conversation changes the NPC’s answer to other keywords, or even ends the conversation all together. One of the suggestions from the fans was that the Ranger party should deliver a line of dialog instead of just barking a keyword. We really love this idea. Having full sentences creates a natural conversation flow. Additionally, this approach allows us to remove the ambiguity of keywords – holding your mouse over a keyword will show you a preview of the sentence your Rangers will say. A working example: NPC Bob, who is guarding some guns, has intro text that reveals two keywords he has more to say about. Clicking on Bob starts the dialog: &gt;NPC Bob – “Hey strangers, we don’t normally see people out so far into the wasteland. Be careful, it is really dangerous out here unless you are heavily armed .” This introduces two keywords to the player that they can use to converse with NPC Bob, dangerous and armed . Using the keyword dangerous will prompt NPC Bob give you more information about what is up ahead. &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = dangerous) –“What is so dangerous about these canyons?” &gt;NPC Bob – “These canyons are crawling with the outcasts of every crappy society in the wasteland. You had better watch your step.” Using the armed keyword will have NPC Bob tell you about a possible mission. &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = armed) –“How do you think we should be armed?” &gt;NPC Bob – “It is best to have a lot of hollow point ammo out here for all the mutant creatures wandering around. I just came from a cave at the end of that canyon where I found a half destroyed case of ammo. You are welcome to help yourself if you find them. You are going to need all the help you can get out here.” It sounds promising enough, but if the party heads for that cave they will find themselves in an ambush from the Red Skorpion Militia. If you had used perception on Bob before talking to him, and you passed the perception skill check, the examine text would have revealed that Bob has the insignia of the Red Skorpion militia tattooed on his neck under his collar. This would put Red Skorpion into your local keywords for your conversation with NPC Bob. Holding your mouse over Red Skorpion , shows the sentence, “I see you are a member of the Red Skorpions.” The Rangers already know that the Red Skorpions are out to get them so calling out Bob as being one can have several effects on the conversation. For example, if you start the conversation by using Red Skorpion , Bob’s response would be to admit to being a member. Now when you mention armed , which had Bob give you the Trap/Mission before, he no longer tries to bait you, but he doesn’t warn you about it either: &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = Red Skorpions) –“I see you are a member of the Red Skorpions.” &gt;NPC Bob – “So what if I am? What are you going to do, shoot me just for having a tattoo? &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = armed) – “How do you think we should be armed?” &gt;NPC Bob – “Now that I think about it, I could really care less. Leave me alone and go bother someone else.” Knowing that the Red Skorpions are your enemy, you might cleverly choose to hold off revealing to Bob that you know he is one. If you wait to use the Red Skorpion keyword until after you had used armed (in which Bob tries to lure you into the trap), Bob would cave and tell you everything: &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = armed) – “How do you think we should be armed?” &gt;NPC Bob – “It is best to have a lot of hollow point ammo out here for all the mutant creatures wandering around. I just came from a cave at the end of that canyon where I found a half destroyed case of ammo. You are welcome to help yourself if you find them. You are going to need all the help you can get out here.” &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = Red Skorpions) –“I see you are a member of the Red Skorpions.” &gt;NPC Bob – “Okay, okay, you caught me. Listen, don’t kill me, I am only following orders. There is a patrol of Skorpions on the rim of the canyon ahead and I was supposed to send you down there. Meow that I warned you please let me live!” If you had explored the entire canyon before you got to Bob and you had found some blood stains on the ground you could use " blood stains " as a keyword and get Bob to inadvertently tell you about the cave full of loot he was looking for at the end of the yellow canyon. &gt;Ranger Party (keyword = blood stains) – “What can you tell us about the blood stains on the trail?” &gt;NPC Bob – “Oh, that was me. I was looking for a weapons stash I had heard about in that canyon and I was jumped by a pissed-off Honey Badger.” This essentially gives you a hint to find an inconspicuous cave that you wouldn’t get from just the Bob’s original keywords. Extending the above example, if your party had Red Skorpion armor equipped when you started that same conversation, it would change Bob’s intro text, and instead of him offering you keywords about dangerous and armed , he would just give you a line about how you are late to the ambush and the rest of the Skorpions are up ahead in the canyon. If you also had Rick Baychowski, who is on good terms with the Red Skorpions, in your party as a CNPC, Bob would greet Rick in his intro line. He would also reveal the ambush up ahead, and tell the party they can find some ammo in a shed down the path to the right. Events outside of the conversation can also unlock local keywords. For example, another NPC, Jim, might ask you to let Bob know his sister Sarah had just died. When then talking with Bob, he still delivers his intro line offering up the dangerous and armed keywords, but you also see the keyword Sarah . Holding the mouse over Sarah , you see the sentence “Jim just told me your sister is dead.” Clicking Sarah puts Bob into a panic and he runs away leaving you access to the gun cache. This might have been the only way to get those guns without killing Bob, and you couldn’t have done it if you didn’t talk to Jim first. Keep in mind that in this example, you still had the option of shooting Bob in the head before any of this dialog happened. This would have had its own level of reactivity. It would have given you access to the guns he was guarding but brought the ambush fight to this location. Meanwhile, using stealth to quietly kill Bob before talking to him gets you the guns without the fight – though you might stumble into the ambush later unless you learn about it another way. We hope you have enjoyed reading more about some of our systems in Wasteland 2. We want to continue this dialog with you and are always reading what you post. In the coming weeks and months we will be uploading more videos and posting more updates to show you what we’re up to here at inXile. As always, thanks for your support. After about 190,000 views our original video was deleted by Vimeo. After two days of back and forth with them they apologized for the mistake and put it back up, but the link that went out with the last Kickstarter update is still broken. We have since posted the video to our YouTube account, and there it shall stay! If you have not already seen it, you can see it here: Wasteland 2 First Look We have had a bunch of requests this week for an HD version and we are happy to comply. For the full 1080 HD version use this link: Wasteland 2 First Look HD The response to the video has been amazing so far, and we have been busy taking in all the feedback. Our goal with the video was to show some game-play and some of the systems that we have working already. It was in no way meant to be a comprehensive explanation of all the elements of the game, the video would have to be 4 hours long to do all that. But judging by your feedback many of you want to see more and to know more about how things work. To that goal, we promise to continue to show our progress in both more videos and more blogs giving details about some of the game systems. Look for our next update with more information about the HUD, the camera system, and the dialog system next week. Thank you all for your continued support and enjoy the video in HD! We are very proud to provide the first gameplay video of Wasteland 2, which will allow our backers to see how far we've come and how everything is coming together. The usual way of doing things in this industry would see us create a demo specifically for displaying to the press or at game shows, but we're very glad to have been allowed the freedom to create a demo video from an actually playable area, which ensures there's no wasted code. This is a straight video capture of Development Director Chris Keenan playing the game. The only element that is not running in code is the sound effects, as it was faster to do in post, but as you will hear, there is nothing being done audio wise that isn't easily replicated in engine. In fact, we plan to have many more sound effects in the final game than what is heard here. Wasteland 2 - Early Gameplay Footage This represents not just the strong synergy of the inXile team but the effects of your continued input via the forums. The game has continued to improve thanks to this communication, and Wasteland 2 will be better for it. The benefits have ranged from changes to the combat mechanics to finalizing the name of our attribute system. It also represents the success of working with Unity and the asset creation experiment we did to increase the variety and density of the world look. We were pleasantly surprised at the talent that submitted art content, and we look forward to continuing to work with them. I’d also like to thank the military personnel who joined our Yammer group to help us develop the slang and communicate more real world experiences for us to draw on. We love to learn little things like how much they hate it when movies say “Over and out!”… There is no “out” after “over” dammit! This first level you will see is one of the first areas you will encounter in the game. The agricultural center was also a part of Wasteland 1. It was an area that Chris Avellone had some affinity for and he did the design for the level. Also thanks goes out to Nathan Long, who provided this area’s clever writing. We had a chance to show Chris the level last week, and when we commented that it was coming together he said “not coming together … it has COME together.” Our objective was to show off some of the HUD and how both the combat and skill systems work. There are many elements not represented here but to name a few: Minimal particle effects Minimal sound Mini-map not working Inventory, logbook and other character screens not shown Not all skills (in and out of combat) being represented No world map movement It needs more messaging in the UI And not a comprehensive list of all the combat variables Sorry if we're over communicating, but it's just a reminder: we're just past the halfway mark, so don't expect to see everything that you can expect from the final game just quite yet. You will get to listen to the latest track from Mark Morgan (at the bottom of this update) that sets the haunting and often desolate tone of the Wasteland. And you will hear our first pass at the radio broadcasting which plays a vital role in communication, reactivity and mood setting. There will be a host of cults who are broadcasting their propaganda while other calls will be the locals who seek the help of our rangers. We have many interesting ideas on how to use the radio in novel ways. Our vision for this game remains intact and you will see a number of examples that illustrate this. The customization can be seen in the examples of bringing in your own portraits and by the ability to set the user interface in a style that works for you. You wanted a party and turn based RPG with tactical combat, and we are delivering that. The demo helps to show off action points, use of cover, enemy view cones, distance/height/enemy size/enemy speed affecting the chance to hit, ammo configurations, attributes changing the characters strengths and role, simultaneous party firing and more. And we are not done adding elements to make sure you are fully engaged in an interesting combat system. There is still plenty of time for you to comment on the combat system and to help us hone it in. Our goal is to build a very deep combat system, with the potential to dive in and fine-tune your damage-output and tactics, while not absolutely requiring that level of micro-management from all players. If you played Wasteland 1, you will enjoy the many callbacks to the original, but at the same time there is no need of that knowledge. While certainly not a comedy you will get a healthy dose of the humor that gave Wasteland its charm. Once again we thank you all for backing our vision… The team at inXile is filled with nervous energy to show off what we've been working on. As we're now in full production, we've been making some great strides with the game’s systems. There is still quite a ways to go, but we're near the point where we can show you all a bit of what you pledged to make a reality. Within a month, you can expect a new update which will show a few minutes of actual gameplay. The video will follow a slice of the Agricultural Center, which was designed by Mr. Chris Avellone. You'll see a team of four Rangers running around in the world, some early working HUD elements, a few combat encounters, a taste of dialog, and the ranger team using some of their skills. We’ve been working on each of these systems separately and this is the first time we've put them all together to get a small sample of the gameplay experience. It's beginning to look like a real game! Keep in mind that this is an early build and is intended as a progress report, not as a demonstration of final gameplay. As always, we want to hear your feedback! It has been a cornerstone of our development up to this point and we beg that you keep it coming as it will only result in a better game for everyone. We follow all channels available to us so let us know with a comment below or on Facebook , Twitter, our blog , forums , or by simply shouting very loudly. We hope you'll see the potential. If you'd like to get periodic details of the development process, you can also follow me on Twitter @RangerKeenan . Thanks and we look forward to hearing your responses! Chris Keenan - Producer The holidays are a time of friends, family, and eating yourself into a food coma. It is also a time where friends and family give thoughtful gifts to those that they love. We here at inXile are feeling the holiday spirit, and we can’t think of anyone we love more than the 63,000 of you that backed Wasteland 2. So that settles it; inXile wants to give all of our backers a great gift this holiday season. Since we are all out of fruitcake and snickerdoodles, we decided the best gift we could give you all was a FREE copy of The Bard’s Tale. You read that right; all of you backers who log into the Ranger Center web portal between now and the end of the year will be able to get a code that will let you download your very own copy of The Bard’s Tale from our friends at Steam. “What is The Bard’s Tale?” you ask. Good question. Let me tell you. The Bard’s Tale was inXile’s first game (published 2004), and it is a reimagining of the original Bard’s Tale series created by Brian Fargo and Interplay in the mid 1980s. Our remake is a much lighter action RPG than the original, and it is considered by many to be one of the funniest games ever made. The Bard, who is voiced by The Princess Bride’s Cary Elwes, is a sarcastic, reluctant hero who has little interest in saving the world unless there is enough profit in it. We try to turn all the classic RPG clichés upside down in this hilarious tribute to the genre we all love. But don’t just listen to me; here is what some of the critics think: “The Bard’s Tale is easily the funniest game I’ve ever played, and I’ve played all the funny games out there.” –IGN “The Bard's Tale earns a full five GiN Gems for their treasure chest, a score that even the sarcastic Bard should not have a problem with.” 5/5 Stars and RPG of the Year – gameindustry.com To download your free copy from Steam, first log into your account at Ranger Center : Once there, enter your login information or sign up if you were naughty and haven't done so yet. Under the Account tab, you’ll see “A FREE GIFT - The Bard’s Tale” near the bottom. Click “Get Your Free Download Code”. For more instructions on activating a product on steam, click here. In other news, we wanted to tell all of our backers about the initial success of our crowd-sourcing experiment that we have set up with the Unity Asset Store. We have had hundreds of requests from fans who want to help us make the game. We obviously don’t have the budget to hire everyone, but we did want to find some clever ways to let people help. Secondly, we are a small team, and the Wasteland is a very big place. The more props we get from the fans, the more time our guys get to spend working on key game-play elements. Well, our good friends at Unity decided to help us accomplish both of these goals by letting us set up a special Wasteland 2 asset submission process. We welcome artists and modelers from around the world to join us and submit their amazing work to be considered for inclusion into the game. All you have to do to participate is find the Wasteland 2: Artist’s Starter Kit in the Unity Asset Store, then visit our site for concept art and more instructions. All assets chosen for inclusion in the game remain the property of the creator and they are free to sell it in the Asset Store. In addition to us buying the asset from the creator, we are providing an “As seen in Wasteland 2” badge that they can display on their item in the store. The great guys at Penny Arcade spoke with Brian about this plan. Check it out here: So far, the response to this program has been fantastic. We have dozens of submissions already from the first batch. Below are a couple of examples of our concept art, and the assets that were created by fans. This crowd-sourcing experiment is in its very early stages, but so far we are very impressed with the artwork being delivered. Thanks again to all of you, our wonderful backers… and have a great holiday! inXile entertainment As time flies past us, we're continuing to make great progress. We set a goal of having all paper design completed by the end of October and we’re pretty darn close to that. Last month, we flew in many of the outside writers and designers for a 4-day table read. It was an amazing process and allowed us to really get in sync on the overall flow of the game. Each level had some takeaway notes and modifications, but overall, we are very happy with the progress we've made. You will be happy to hear that we reviewed the vision document again at that meeting, and we are right on course with delivering what we intended. On Friday of next week (December 14th), we will kick off Ask a Dev Week on our forums . Starting on the following Monday, our team will check out the posts and answer some of the top questions each day. We will have our internal team available and some of the outside writers and designers to answer questions. It couldn't be a better time as we are now comfortable with our attribute and skills list. So without further ado… Attributes and Skills Breakdown One of our favorite elements from the original Wasteland was the vast number of skills available to your party. By carefully selecting your skill breakdown for each character, you could create a bad-ass party of Rangers who were able to solve puzzles or challenges in multiple ways. We knew this was going to be a focal point for Wasteland 2. The following is an overview of our current thoughts on the attributes and skills system in Wasteland 2. First, here is the list of attributes you can expect to find in Wasteland 2. Attributes are the starting values for your character traits. These are established when you create your character and can be different for each member of your party. Attributes are all passive, meaning that they won't be actively used in the world to solve issues. Strength Perception Luck Intelligence Charisma Expertise Speed You might immediately spot a few differences between this list and the original Wasteland. Perception has been turned into an attribute. We felt that perception tied into many other skills and played such an important role that it earned its position as an attribute. Also, there is this weird skill called Expertise on the list. Where the hell did that come from? Expertise is essentially agility and dexterity combined together into one package. We have defined it as the level of mastery of motions with your body and hands. The following is the list of skills that can be used by the various party members. When we began designing the skills, we started with the systems in Wasteland 1. We immediately removed any skills that we didn't feel were going to be represented well in the level designs. Each skill had to be something that was going to be used throughout the game. All skills that remained would need to be designed into multiple areas to make the cut. This in no way implies that all skills are used equally. Some skills are used in rare circumstances in Wasteland 2 and finding these uses brings an appropriate reward. Each starting skill has a formula that is derived from up to 3 attributes based on what would be necessary to be proficient in that skill. So initially, where you place your attribute points will determine the starting value of that skill. A character’s skills can be increased by leveling up, using that skill, and through specific items equipped on the character. For example, our current formula for Pick Lock is [10 + (1*Perception) + (2*Expertise)]. Depending on your starting attributes, your initial skill in Pick Lock can vary greatly. In order to make something happen in the world, you will need to use the proper skill. Wasteland 1 allowed players to use strength and perception. We wanted to keep this functionality so we created skills for these; Brute Force and Examine. In future updates, we will go into more detail on many of these skills. You will need to make tough decisions on where to spend your precious skill points as you trek through the Wasteland. There is no single "best" strategy as it depends on your play style. Some skills you might want only one character to focus on, while other skills might be better to have on multiple characters. We are committed to making a heavily replayable game so you can be sure that experimentation with different strategies will yield interesting results. And to close out the update, here is a sweet little portrait to whet your appetite. I'd like to introduce you to one of the Wasteland raiders, a nasty resident of Los Angeles. Chris Keenan - Designer/Producer An official update on the project is long overdue, so I'll try to make the most of this one. We have been so focused on production that we have not communicated as much as some people would like. We will look to improve the frequency of our updates and have the dev team post on the forums about the specifics of our development. The good news is that things continue to move along rapidly and I am very pleased with the writing and level designs we have so far. The players were vocal in their desire for mature, violent and strange and that is what we will be serving. Beyond tone it is the individual moments I remember most when playing a great RPG. The curiosity of wondering how things might have changed based on my actions kept me engaged and wanting to re-play. And our job as designers is to make sure that the different scenarios that play out based on your choices cause real consequence. There is a small moment in the new Rail Nomads camp in which you hear a boy calling out for help as he is drowning. This time it would be a lack of action that could cause his death. Do you swim out to middle of the lake and save him or ignore his plea? And what happens when you are spotted ignoring his plea by a local resident? Do you shoot him before he can let others know of your behavior? These are situations that play out in the Wasteland. Each area has so many combinations and permutations of playing that it is almost statistically impossible for two players to have the exact same experience playing through the game for the first time. This design philosophy is what made the first Wasteland so great and why people continued to play it decades later. Although not part of our original design for Wasteland 2, we felt that having portrait pictures of the enemies would add much color to the game. We have several artists helping to shape the look of things and we are quite happy with the vibe of bleak, violent, and unusual. And some fans have had a little fun morphing the two together for extra creepiness. The composer, Mark Morgan has now turned his attention to the music that the player hears while exploring in the Southwest. We asked for the music to have that bleak, edgy, lonely vibe mixed in with a dark western ambient. It's unusual to be working on music this early in the process but once again it allows for iteration time and for us to be as creative and nuanced as possible. Another excellent benefit of having fans fund the game. The sample of the music is at the bottom of this update. We have been very focused on getting the writing wrapped up by end of October so that we can do a table read of the entire game. Things are on track for about 95% of it which will allow all of us to get in a room for days on end to step through the game play. We look for flaws in logic, world consistency, keyword consistency, adding personality, adding ways to solve problems, creating visual cues, extra word descriptions, etc. It is quite a bit of work but it is a process that creates cohesion so that it feels like one world. There is so much content that the only way to grasp it all is to sit in a room for days for everyone to absorb. And quite often the best moments will come from the random ideas that spring forth from it all. One of the qualities that makes for a strong technical director is their ability to build systems around the philosophies and aims of the game itself. John Alvarado has done an excellent job for us in the past and continues to do so for Wasteland 2. At the end of this update is a write-up by John that dives a bit deeper into the programming side of creating a deep RPG. And now, I give you John Alvarado…. --Brian Fargo Wasteland 2 Engineering Update: Decisions, Decisions Brian has emphasized that Wasteland 2 will put the player in the position of making tough choices that have deep affect on the unfolding story. Every decision comes with some tradeoff—some known, some only to be revealed later. There are so many paths through the adventure that it is likely no two players will have the same experience. This is an apt metaphor for the process of game development. In this update you’ll learn about some of the game systems the engineering team has been developing, and I’ll delve into detail on important decisions we’ve made around our story-scripting and localization systems. Every game system we build involves making decisions about how to solve a challenge. Thankfully, Unity gives us a big head-start by providing many built-in solutions, saving us the work and reducing the decisions we have to make (in a good way). Using Unity was one big decision we made early on that has paid dividends. But there are still challenges particular to Wasteland 2 that we must overcome, and that means making tough choices that will have consequences for the rest of development and the final product. As we weigh different approaches to a challenge, we attempt to gaze into the future and discern how the consequences of different decisions will play out with respect to design requirements (known and potential), content pipeline, run-time performance, and development time/cost. Fortunately, our engineering team has decades of experience over dozens of successful projects that help us make most of these decisions with confidence. So far we have made engineering strides on the following systems: · World Map System · Movement and Turn-Based Combat System · Saved Game System · Character Animation System · Inventory system · World State Tracking system · Story Scripting System · Localization System We now have a player-controlled Ranger character moving with animation in a game-level and interacting with NPCs, triggering conversations and changing world states that affect future interactions. This is where we wanted to be at this time and we are right on schedule. Brian stressed to the engineering team the importance of having this ready by the time the writers are finishing up their level designs and story so we can begin implementing, testing and iterating. That priority and the desired iteration process informed some important engineering decisions. Conversations There are many ways that the systems supporting conversation functionality could be structured. I built such a system for The Bard’s Tale, &lt;shameless-promotion&gt; inXile’s first game which was released to critical acclaim back in 2004/2005 for consoles and PC, and which is now storming the top-10 charts on mobile devices with 5-star reviews as the funniest and biggest RPG’s on mobile. &lt;/shameless-promotion&gt; The Bard’s Tale was a very large game and handled a lot of dialogue with many branches and world states to track. Here is a breakdown: 4,594 Lines of Dialogue 6,412 Localized Text Strings (including dialogue and UI) 1,720 World State variables Wasteland 2 promises to be even bigger in the amount of dialogue and world states. A world state is any information that must be remembered for the story to advance properly, such as what quests have been completed, what NPCs have been talked to and what information they have given. At first glance it made sense to reuse the Bard’s Tale system, but one major difference is that The Bard’s Tale dialog was all voiced by actors. That meant all the dialogue and story was going to be fixed very early on in order to record the audio in voice acting sessions. There would not be much iterating on story/dialogue in The Bard’s Tale. The exact opposite is true for Wasteland 2 as there will be a light amount of voice acting in order to give us the freedom during development to modify, extend, and polish the dialogue and story right up to the very end! Localization Challenge However, all that dialogue still has to be localized (translated to multiple languages) and that presents an engineering challenge. In The Bard’s Tale we used a rather cumbersome system that required entering text into a spreadsheet and assigning unique labels to each piece of text before you could use the text in a game script. The designers referenced the text with the unique label. In this way the localization system could present the proper language text based on the unique label and the game’s current language selection. While cumbersome, the text-entry only had to happen once and the story was very fixed so the designers didn’t need much flexibility with respect to modifying the text while scripting. For Wasteland 2 it’s important for designers to be able to modify text quickly and easily throughout development, so that old cumbersome system just won’t do. For Wasteland 2 I’m relying on today’s faster CPU’s and larger RAM capacities to lighten the localization burden on the designers. I’m allowing designers to place the English text of their dialogues directly into the scripts. They just have to include a unique label at the start of the text. At runtime the game localization system parses out the unique label from the string and then, depending on the language setting, will display either the English text it has in hand, or lookup the translation with the unique label and display the translated text. Currently that means if a non-English language is active then more memory is used for a level because both the English text and the local language text is loaded. Text Auto-Extraction The missing piece in what is described above is how all that embedded English text gets organized to send out for translation. I’ve written an offline tool that parses all the scripts to extract the English text strings and create the spreadsheet that we can then send out for translation. That tool is written in Ruby, a language that features powerful regular expression functionality that makes it easy to parse the C# script files to pull out the English text strings. Helping that process is the fact that each string starts with a distinctive syntax to specifies its unique label. It looks like this: “&lt;@label&gt;text”. For example: "&lt;@AboutRobotStrength&gt;Robot strength is 10 times human strength, but we only use it for peaceful applications, such as mixing drinks." The Ruby tool finds and extracts that string and generates an entry in a spreadsheet like this: Label: AboutRobotStrength English: Robot strength is 10 times human strength, but we only use it for peaceful applications, such as mixing drinks. Because some English strings are also entered as game object properties inside game levels (Unity scenes), the tool also must parse the Unity scene files to extract strings. Fortunately Unity provides the option to store its scene files in text format, which we are using to allow the extraction tool to do its work. The tool also uses the script file references in the scene files to figure out what strings from the scripts need to be loaded up for each game level. I’m leaving out some details, and the extraction tool will likely evolve a bit as development progresses, but this is basically how it works. It was a tough decision to abandon a system I already had working (from The Bard’s Tale), but it was the right choice to spend some development time to give the designers the tools they need for the special demands of Wasteland 2. Conclusion Hopefully this peek behind the scenes gives you an idea of where we are in development of Wasteland 2 and helps you understand the factors we consider in our careful approach to engineering decisions. Choices we make early on have a major affect on the team and how our story of developing Wasteland 2 will unfold. Experience gives us some wisdom to guide us, and sometimes reusable tools and a bag full of tricks, but every project is different, and we must always step back and re-evaluate the current demands in light of current technology and the time and budget we have available in order to make decisions that will bring you the best product possible. John Alvarado Technical Director It has been just over a month since my last update and we have been making progress on many fronts. The designers are all working at full steam and generating a wonderfully diverse set of ideas that are well written, nuanced, original, and sometimes creepy. There will be no lack of originality and deep game play in Wasteland 2. The team has risen to the challenge of making a rich world that will capture a post apocalyptic atmosphere and provide a unique experience for each player that dives in. We are nearly complete with our backer web site which will consolidate our backer database with Kickstarter and PayPal and eventually allow backers to upgrade their tiers or more easily change such things as shipping information. A soft launch is imminent and then we will roll it out for all. We also have our first pass at a Wasteland 2 screen shot to share that is running inside the Unity engine. The process up till now has been in getting up to speed with Unity but also much discussion about look and feel. Our environment art director Koy Vanoteghem has written a nice piece below on our approach and process. Releasing a screen shot this early in the process is a new concept for me as we typically want to hone in every element before we show it. But based on the requests and our desire for fan input, we are doing so to solicit feedback on the basic look. Please keep in mind that we have not put in the particle effects and post-processing which will have a dramatic effect on the scene, and this represents just one of the various environments for Wasteland 2 so expect to see other quite different locales . Also, this particular camera angle is on the low end of a range that the player can adjust upwards to a much more top-down view, for those who prefer that style during game play. I am frequently on twitter sharing my thoughts, soliciting opinions on various subjects and highlighting interesting projects and technology. You can follow me at @brianfargo if you want to stay tuned into such things. Again I thank you for allowing us to create this game the way it was meant to me made. We’re going to make you all proud. Brian Fargo <url>"game-ready" props, and like most developers, we are familiar with that opportunity. But Unity's Asset Store had a few distinct advantages that we found appealing. The store, being accessible from within the editor itself, along with the purchase, downloading and importing of those packages, made this surprisingly painless. Packages containing not only the models and textures, but also materials, particle attachments, and animations were ready to use and then modify immediately upon purchase. And so our goal was to purchase a variety of packages, modify them to suit our stylistic needs, and put together a scene by combining them with assets and textures generated in-house. The big exception to all of this is of course characters, which we are developing primarily in house. RPGs have always generated strong relationships between the player and the characters they craft and breathe life into as the game progresses. And to this end, we will be working to create characters that can be read cleanly with our camera angles. Strong silhouettes and bold colors in costuming and accessories, and their animations and poses working with a camera angle (that is still being tested), seemed a tall order for this approach, and so in this shot a few examples of that effort are present. We will continue to develop the style and look of the game, undoubtedly that is something that will evolve as we move forward and branch out with other environment types. As we become more familiar with our new found friend Unity, and the technologies that are available to us for lighting, shadowing, and material set-up/execution, we hope you'll enjoy seeing it evolve along with us. Koy Vanoteghem The progress on Wasteland 2 continues on at a healthy rate. Not a week goes by that I am not in a conversation with my team here or with other development groups about how wonderful this experience has been and the gratitude for the opportunity to work on a game under our terms. We are so much more efficient this way, and the game's development has a more organic process to it. Nothing in the world beats out the tinkering and re-iteration process. I can't imagine a better way for Wasteland 2 to be created. We have your trust and a symbiotic relationship that will have us learn from each other. We are not afraid of the transparency of our process and thinking and intend to share it along the way. Our detailed reasoning of our choice of the Unity engine is just one example. Today we are publishing our vision document for Wasteland 2 which details the sensibilities of the game itself. The ideas in this document come from things that worked in Wasteland 1 and are expected, things I have communicated previously, and suggestions/opinions from the fan boards. The role of a producer is often misunderstood and sometimes done poorly, but my role is to help shape a vision for a game, hit the right touch points and then watch it become bigger than any one person could make it. No one person can take credit for games of this size and intricacy, and for me it all starts with the vision document. My role is not to hammer on spreadsheets and task oriented management but to instead create a team that is excited and understands the totality of the game. I have been using this method since the beginning and it continues to serve me well. In the past I have had to rely wholly on my instincts but this new paradigm helps me to limit the surprises. I would not expect too many surprises in the vision document, but it does answer much of the detail for those who might not be up to speed on many aspects of the game. We will have a section set up on our forums <url>ée created another gorgeous piece of art for the game that will be used for the packaging. Those who fondly remember the original Wasteland 1 box will appreciate the handing of the baton off to this new look and camera. Our next update will be to move away from the conceptual and into reality with early screen shots and camera angles...stay tuned and enjoy the vision document read. Here is the link: <url>’d like to take a step back and talk about inXile’s approach to game development. We are decidedly not a technology development company. We are a game development company. We pursue game ideas first and then decide what technology to use to best realize our ambitions for the game design and our business goals. Consequently we have used several different game engines and multiple third party tools and solutions over the past decade.* There is inevitably some engine-level work that we do to tune the engine for the particular game we are making, but we try to make initial choices that minimize that risk factor. From a lead programmer perspective, my goal is always to enable the designers to most directly implement their vision by providing tools that keep me out of their way. That requires analyzing the game design up front, and with budget and time in mind, deciding what technology I should license and what I should write. I want to license enough and develop enough that the designers have all the tools they need, but without wasting money on overkill solutions, whether licensed or developed. Wasteland 2 So along comes Wasteland 2 and we began the familiar yet always unique process of identifying the requirements so we can evaluate game engines and tools that will get the job done most efficiently. The original Wasteland was party-based and turn-based with a top-down POV that relied heavily on text-based story and drama achieved through deep connections and consequences between story and character. For Wasteland 2, with the help of our Wasteland fans we decided to keep the focus on story and character, retaining the party-based and turn-based mechanics. The top down POV would remain as well but we would go with a full 3D render to bring it into the modern graphics era. During our Kickstarter we also promised to deliver on Windows, Mac and Linux platforms, and to provide support for the modding community. With those broad strokes on requirements, we began evaluating engines and tools. The Influx of Support It’s been a great pleasure to feel all the support from fans of the game during Kickstarter, and that has continued during our engine and tools evaluation. Multiple vendors who also supported the Kickstarter came forth with their products, not just to hawk their wares, but to offer genuine encouragement and generous offers of custom support. Among them were prominent engine vendors as well as specialized tool vendors. We necessarily must decline some generous offers as we let the game requirements drive us to single solutions in each category, but we do so with great appreciation for the genuine good will expressed in the offers. There was a broad enough offering just from the vendors that came to us that we prioritized our evaluations to these products first, hoping to find our solution amongst the ones making generous offers and hence help devote more resources to the game. Development Requirements Besides the items mentioned above, high on our list of requirements for an engine was ease of use by the artists and level designers for getting assets into the game and editing levels. We are a small team and must be able to work very efficiently. This became a first-pass filter when evaluating engines. Also very important was ease of development for the promised target platforms. Following a close third was amount of support from the vendor and general availability of expertise for crowd-sourcing, contracting or hiring. Putting it all together we came up with a list of engine requirements that looked like this: 1. Ease of use by artists and designers 2. Targets Windows, Mac and Linux 3. Support and expertise available from vendor and in community 4. Adaptability for player modding 5. 3D rendering, pathing, AI, physics, character animation tools The 3D rendering and other game systems at the bottom of the list are very important as we plan to make a great looking game with physics and effects. But these things, at the level we need them, are commonly provided by full-fledged engines, so they end up lower on the list in terms of differentiating factors. Given the top down POV and camera height required to show a party of characters and enemies, it would be overkill to spend too much of our resources on detailed character models and all the cutting-edge rendering and animation techniques associated with that level of detail. If we plan well, then we can put just the right amount of resources into modeling and animation so that it looks great from our camera POV without wasting effort on detail that will never be seen. Then we can spend more time working on other enhancing effects that will be noticed from or POV, such as physics for ragdolls and flying debris, and the fire, smoke and particle effects for the gunfire and explosions that cause those ragdolls and flying debris (hopefully for your enemies and not your party of rangers). Unity Unity Technologies, with their Unity 3 game engine, was among the vendors that came to us with congratulations, goodwill and offers of support. Their engine stood out as an early front-runner on point 1 of our requirements. The artists loved its support for the native formats of the art tools we already use (3DS Max and Photoshop). I also like its built-in version control for assets and code. At first it seemed to be missing a leg on point 2 (support for Linux platform), but I knew that we could get source code and therefore could provide the Linux port ourselves. Given that the engine is designed and structured to support multiple platforms, I felt it would not be insurmountable to port it to Linux (or actually hire some outstanding external contractors we’ve used before to do the job). After talking to Unity about this, we found they’ve already been working on a Linux port, so Unity is supplying inXile the Linux port alpha source code. InXile will work with Unity in order to port Wasteland 2 to Linux. Where Unity really bowled us over was on point 3. Besides generous support available from Unity staff, the Unity Asset Store is a treasure trove of assets (3D models and code) provided by the large and growing community of Unity users. A recent Unity newsletter announced that the Asset Store customer base has topped 100,000, and the catalog has reached over 3,000 packages! We’ve been able to find all kinds of useful 3D assets and code in the Asset Store ranging in price from cheap to free! Having an organized marketplace like the Asset Store for finding assets and expertise fits right in with our desire to leverage and give back to the community. While we cannot share engine source code changes, we can share script code and components, as well as graphical assets as part of our modding support. On the Modding front, we always figured we would have to provide custom tools to users, so we didn’t rank modding support high on our list of engine requirements. We’ve also had generous offers from the Wasteland community of coders to help with developing those tools. And yet I think the fact that Unity provides their basic engine/editor for free is a big plus as a starting point for providing the tools necessary for supporting modding of Wasteland 2. And there again, I think the Asset Store will facilitate ongoing collaboration with the community on modding tools that can be offered in the store for free. Finally, from looking at Unity demos, other games developed with Unity, and conducting our own art and coding tests, we are convinced that Unity delivers on the game system that we need to build Wasteland 2 in style. This includes advanced 3D rendering, pathing, physics (PhysX), multiple options for scripting language, advanced 3D level editor that is customizable with scripted components, and much more. Summary In summary, Unity hits the sweet spot for us defined by the specific requirements of the Wasteland 2 game design, deployment plan, and the unique circumstances of the development effort which includes community involvement on an ongoing basis. It has been my experience over decades of game development that no engine or tool is ever perfect for the game you want to build. Any engine or tool will have points of weaker comparison to other options, but you have to evaluate how the whole offering matches up with your resources and skills to make a good choice for the project at hand. Unity is an excellent choice that will allow us to deliver the great game we’ve promised in Wasteland 2. Best Regards, John Alvarado Director of Technology inXile entertainment *Technology inXile has used: Snowblind Engine, RadTools, UE3 Engine, Gamebryo Engine, RKEngine, and various smaller third-party tools for game sub systems such as, path-finding, physics, character animation and lip-synching, etc. Hello Fellow Wastlanders! We have our latest update on our site at <url>’ve ever had. Being able to interact with you all on such a personal level has been amazing. I can’t imagine going back to making games any other way. With Double Fine’s success, the world was watching to see if that was an anomaly or if this fan-funded approach could be a viable means of changing the world of video games. Together, we’ve proved that fan-funding is here to stay and we can’t wait to see where you take it next. We are fully committed to doing whatever we can to keep this movement alive and strong. Before we move on to what’s next, some quick housekeeping: We’ve received messages from some backers saying there were issues when Amazon tried to apply the payment. Kickstarter said they would contact you if this was the case. You can also check to make sure it worked correctly by logging into Kickstarter. They give 7 days to correct your payments, so please check it soon. After that grace-period, your pledge and reward is cancelled, and nobody wants that to happen! Now on to the fun stuff… If your tier contained any rewards where we need to gather your information fo use in the game, we will soon be doing so through Kickstarter. Keep on the lookout for this notification. There is no need to update your shipping address yet as we will collect it when we get closer to the release of the game next year. We have opened up a store at <url>’t be available to the general public. So, now we get started on the game! We are in full production mode for the next 18 months. Expect to see many updates as we start to shape the experience that you’ve helped create. If you want to stay in the loop in between our Kickstarter updates, head to our blog and forums at <url>ée Wallin. Anyone who played the first Wasteland remembers the first time they ran into the Scorpitron, and this seemed the perfect enemy to prep up for the sequel. Scorpitron 2.0 is much more lethal than its predecessor. Also we have spent some time thinking about and asking fans what we could put into the $30 tier to make it more interesting and to not disrupt what has already been offered. I think we have come up with an interesting list that may persuade a few people to upgrade. Based on your top requests and a forum poll we now offer the following as part of the $30 tier: An extra digital download of the game in any format. Many people wanted to be able to get a Mac AND a PC version, or PC and Linux, or even an extra PC version for a friend. Now you can. Access to a collection of exclusive Ranger portraits that will double the pool of character portraits you have to choose from at the start of the game when you are rolling up your Rangers. This unique image collection will not only give you more Ranger portraits, but more Ranger icons used to display your party location on the world map. Access to a four-episode Video Development Blog that will show you an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at the design and development of Wasteland 2. Sit in on designer meetings and art-review meetings to see the process behind how the game is made. See interviews with Brian Fargo, Chris Avellone, Mike Stackpole, Alan Pavlish, and the rest of the development team as they explain to you what they are doing and why they are doing it. A novella by Chris Avellone based on the universe of Wasteland. Of course, all backers who are in at higher levels will also get all of these added items too. Also we will have a live streaming party on Monday night (16th) from 10pm-12am EDT to celebrate the green light of production on the game. Our Kickstarter does not close until 5am the next morning, but we wanted to get some of our friends and family together to celebrate this little bit of history and share it with you. On attendance will be Nolan Bushnell the founder of Atari, Chris Avellone and a few other surprise guests. We will be answering questions received through live chat on the TwitchTV stream as well as from Facebook fans. I will tweet the URL Monday afternoon as well as post it here on Kickstarter. Thanks again for all the support and faith.... Brian Fargo As we try to continue to offer awesome rewards, it becomes more confusing. For that reason, we’ve added a FAQ for each reward tier to allow you to see exactly what you will receive in that reward. If you have any questions on it, scroll down to the bottom of our Kickstarter page and check out all the great stuff that you’ll get. Thanks! I have received many a question about details of the game and this video will help shed a bit more light. We will communicate all of the remaining points of our vision shortly after we start production next week and after we have spent more time on the forums. We want to get fan feedback on a few more items before we solidify our final vision document. I did want to give some detail on what the definition of a party based game was since there seems to be some confusion. In specific terms you will be creating and customizing four Rangers at the start of the game and typically you would give each of them different skills to create experts in certain fields. Skills in Wasteland range from lock-picking to bomb disarming to even toaster repair. This creates the dynamic of having players taking very different approaches to exploring the world. In addition there will be three slots for non-player characters to join the party. They will be similar in most respects to a player created member except you will not have 100% control over them. They will have quirks that could range from momentary indecision with them not firing their weapons at an opportune time, to being trigger happy and wasting ammo or even stealing from your characters. This opens up a wide range of possibilities on which NPCs you decide to have join your ranks. And while we have brought Obsidian into the mix, I think it is important to note that this is my baby, and I will be producing it and managing the programming here at inXile. There seemed to be some confusion on whether it will be a joint production, but the main facets of our involvement are with the use of their tools for asset integration and the design talents of Chris Avellone. Part of the charm and variety of Wasteland 1 came from the way different designers would approach their areas, and I wanted the same dynamic again. Only this time we have added the brains of Chris into the mix, and I am betting he will add ideas to Wasteland 2 that would have never been in the game otherwise. Due to popular demand, we have added a backer only T-shirt to the rewards. Here is a preview of what a few of the shirts will look like. I hope you find the video useful. We are now in the final stretch.... <url>’s Jobs Act getting bipartisan support and being signed into law. When the Obama White House AND the House Republicans can agree on something it is a pretty big deal. While the bill is not just about Kickstarter, it is about small companies, like inXile, turning to the internet to get funding that they need to grow and create jobs. I know a lot of you are involved in this project mostly because you are excited about the game, but seeing the news today about this Jobs Bill reminded me of some of the real impact this Kickstarter will have on the lives of the people that will be working hard the next 18 months to make the game. All of the money we raise through Kickstarter is being spent on making the game. Most of the cost of development is in paying for the team to create the game. There will be a team of engine programmers, game-play programmers, UI engineers, character artists, environment artists, animators, effects artists, UI Artists, sound designers, composers, writers, game designers, systems designers, level scripters, and testers. Not to mention all the interns it will take to handle the mailing out of the physical goods. It is simple math that the bigger this budget gets, the more jobs it will create. The bigger the team, the deeper and bigger the game gets. If you want a deeper and larger game, and we think that you do, you want us to raise as much money as possible to spend on the game. Did I just hear all 43,000+ of you say ‘How can we help?’ I am glad you asked!! One thing you will notice in that list of potential jobs above is that nowhere in that list do you see ‘Marketing Lady’ or ‘PR Guy’. That is because we don’t have these positions, nor do we plan to hire them. We want to spend the money on the game, and only the game. This is where you come in… All 43,000+ of you are our marketing and PR team. We need your help to get the word out that the Kickstarter countdown is on. • Post to your Facebook pages with links back to the Kickstarter. • Follow @BrianFargo on twitter and retweet my Wasteland related tweets. • Post it to forums where you think it is relevant. • Send emails out to everyone you know. • Go to our website and put our Doomsday countdown clock on your website. • Get a friend or family member to buy in. • Shout it from the rooftop. • Do some early shopping for Christmas 2013! If every person who has pledged manages to get one more person to buy in for $15, we will increase the budget by over $600,000. You can help the project in very tangible ways by helping us get the word out. Lastly, I am very excited to release the first official piece of Wasteland 2 concept art. We asked the very talented Andree Wallin to help us establish the look and feel of the Desert Rangers. I think this image speaks for itself… Hope you enjoy it, Brian As our Kickstarter continues to build momentum, we will keep focusing on how we can best deliver what our fans want. We've seen quite a few messages from our international fans expressing concern with the cost of shipping and physical goods relating to VAT and customs costs. For that reason, we opened up a purely digital pledge level at $55 that contains no physical items. You will get the digital copy of the game, digital soundtrack, digital novellas 1 and 2, digital concept art book and early beta access. We've had an amazing amount of support from our fans, and we couldn't be happier with how many people are showing up to help make this game special. Please continue getting the word out in the remaining days of the campaign to help us finish strong. A countdown timer on our Wasteland 2 website is now ticking away the days, minutes and seconds to the finish. You can help spread the word by adding the counter to your own blog or website—just use the handy “Add to your site” button next to the counter. Thanks! Brian Fargo Things are sure looking good to hit our next milestone of $2.1 million dollars, which makes the game deeper of course, but it also brings the design talents of Chris Avellone of Obsidian. We look forward to having Chris bring his style and prose to the game. When you include the PayPal money on top of the Kickstarter funds we are over $1.980 million with 12 days left to go. One of the questions I constantly get is an understanding of what happens when donations continue to grow. The question is especially important as I think there are more RPG gamers out there than almost any other category. I would like to give a little visibility on what we would expect to add to the game if we hit $2.5 million and $3.0 million. And do keep in mind that ALL money raised goes into development. Scope and scale is the number one request, and it is what we are focusing our monies on primarily. So at 2.5 million dollars we would bring in another couple of designers to help create more areas. This will not only increase the overall size and depth of the world, but it translates to more story lines and more player options as well. At this funding level we would also bring more level scripters in to allow us to get levels in faster. When we get levels in faster it allows more iteration time to really hone things in. I believe that iteration time is the single most important factor towards shipping a polished and deep game. In addition, we will add more NPC portraits and equipment artwork as per what the fans have requested in the forums. We would also increase the music budget to allow Mark Morgan to layer in even more atmosphere. The bottom line is that this kind of budget ensures that Wasteland 2 is BIGGER than Wasteland 1 . And for the people that remember little Bobby from WL1... well he was left for dead and he is pissed. The third most asked about feature is for us to provide a mod kit to allow players to create their own scenarios. I have always loved those kinds of tool-sets to set players loose to keep the world expanding. To create these kinds of tools is time consuming and requires a separate team of guys to do it. While we are not ready to commit to that feature yet, we can say that if we were to hit 3 million dollars, it would be possible to do a mod kit without cutting into the plan for the main game. In fact, IF we ended up making the mod kit we would not release it until after Wasteland 2 shipped as our hands will be quite full to ensure things are done well. The game will also increase in scope as well so this is not a binary equation. As always, we will be posting polls in the forums to help with these sorts of decisions. Yes we are reading the forums! On the production front we have already started our pre-production process. We have our art team starting work on setting the look of the game. Once we have the look established, we will run tests across several different technologies we are evaluating to settle in on our tech for the project. And Andrée Wallin is wrapping up his first concept piece for the Desert Rangers and they look bad ass. It's a beautiful mixture of the military with touches of the old west rangers. We have also adjusted the tiers a bit to move around the in-game items. We added 100 slots to the $1,000 backer level as the first 100 slots sold out far faster than we anticipated. We then reduced the $2,500 tier significantly to just 25 slots and added 25 slots at $2,000. With those reductions we increased the $1,000 tier in proportion. Also we clarified that Chris Avellone would sign the collectors edition as part of the $250 tier. And lastly I wanted to include a description of the Desert Rangers background, as many players are not familiar with them: On the same day that the U.S. and Soviet Union were attempting to extinguish each other, a company of U.S. Army Engineers were in the southwestern deserts building transportation bridges over dry riverbeds. They worked deep in the inhospitable desert valleys, surrounded by a number of survivalist communities. Located directly south of their position on that day was a newly-constructed federal prison. In addition to housing the nation’s criminals condemned to death, the prison contained light industrial manufacturing facilities. Shortly after the nuclear attack began, the Engineers, seeking shelter, took over the federal prison and expelled the prisoners into the desolate desert to complete their sentences. As the weeks passed, they invited the nearby survivalist communities to join them and to help them build a new society. Because of each community’s suspicions towards one another, times were difficult at first. But as time nurtured trust, this settlement -- which came to be known as Ranger Center -- grew to be one of the strongest outposts. Ranger Center even proved powerful enough to repel the hands of rancorous criminals who repeatedly attacked in attempts to reclaim what was once “rightfully theirs.” The citizens of Ranger Center, after first believing that they were the only ones who survived the nuclear maelstrom, soon realized that communities beyond the desert’s grip had also survived, Because they had such success in constructing a new community, they felt compelled to help other survivors rebuild and live in peace. Toward this end, the Desert Rangers, in the great tradition of the Texas and Arizona Rangers a century before, were born. Brian Fargo We have announced a major piece of good news today that inXile has reached an agreement with Obsidian for potential design assistance for Wasteland 2. What that means is that Obsidian’s Chief Creative Officer, Chris Avellone, is going to work with our team on the design and writing of the game! It is important to note that we say "potential" as they will come aboard assuming we hit $2.1 million in funding. The good news is that we have already seen a spike in just the few hours since this was announced in a press release this morning. For those of you who don't know who Obsidian or Chris Avellone are, they are the bulk of the brains who worked on Fallout 1&amp;2, Icewind Dale and Planescape Torment when I was back at Interplay. More of the band is back together to make sure we bring you a fantastic RPG. Chris is going to help push the density and literary content of the game. The original Wasteland was an important game to Chris as he recently stated, " Wasteland is one of my favorite RPGs of all time, and when Brian asked if I wanted to work on the sequel, I jumped at the chance. While I've worked on Fallout 2 and Fallout: New Vegas, getting the chance to work on the spiritual predecessor to the Fallout franchise is a honor." While the programming work will remain with us here at inXile, we are looking to use a host of tools that Obsidian has created which will help us get assets into the game faster. The faster we can implement and iterate on content, the deeper the game and the more varied choices the gamers can make. That’s more good news for all of you that put your faith in us. Brian Fargo We just made our next major milestone, thanks to you all, which means more content plus a Mac and Linux version . And the number continues to grow, and that means a better product for all as we can hire more writers and scripters to add even more depth of consequence to the world, add more music and sound to set the atmosphere, and make the world larger to explore. Let's keep the number increasing and really knock it out of the ballpark. I have been having a blast reading the messages of excitement from the RPG players who feel neglected over the years. The most common question now is what happens when we hit 2 million and above. First and foremost we hang our hat on the density of the experience the gamers get with a great RPG, and these monies continue to ensure that happens. At 2 million we will increase the staff to make the game more social so that it can become a more shared experience. We like the concepts of dropping notes into the world for your friends who are playing the game, or perhaps we may allow you to send an item their way from Ranger center to help them out. We are fleshing out the ideas but intend to increase the social aspects of the game without diverting it from being an old school RPG and without hurting the balance. We have received many questions about multi-player, and my feeling is that we do not think it would be the right decision for such a heavy narrative RPG. Even in an open sandbox world there are sequences and clues that need to happen in order for things to flow and make sense. This is not an MMO where we create instances of one-off events and scenarios, but it is a deep fluid world in which your actions do matter later . I don't want a game where my buddy triggered an event I didn't know and causes a repercussion for me, and at the same time I don't want to see every little event that my buddy sees to ensure I didn't miss it. Multi-player is a design issue and not a technical one in this case. However, we will introduce social elements like I hinted at above so there can be a communal type experience. * Note this would be TOTALLY OPTIONAL should you want to share. ***** Update for the update******* Everyone remain calm.... There has been a lot of panic that any kind of element of sharing will ruin the classic old school RPG. I think some people are overreacting to the word "social" which I can kind of understand. But here is the bottom line. We will post a description of our thoughts in the forums and if YOU the fans still don't want it then we will not fight the majority. We can now get back to our normal shouting. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ More important than multi-player I would prefer to have a robust set of tools so the community can create mods and make the Wasteland world bigger than any one company ever could. Rest assured we are spending our efforts to determine at what tier we can have a team work on this. But keep in mind that making Wasteland 2 a deep RPG experience is mission critical, so even if we make the mod tools they are likely to come out after our ship date. We wanted to have a little fun and make another comical video so I hope you enjoy it. The next video I put up will also be more informative as I will answer some of the more common questions from the forums. We are still deciding on the tech, and we don't know what the final budget is, so it can be difficult to have answers for everything right now. Also I have done numerous interviews that shed more detail on the project so please check out the following links if you want to know more. <url>"Kicking it Forward" concept with all of it being extremely positive. As expected, there have also been a number of questions so I would like to clarify the concept as best I can. One thing I have discovered over the years is that if you keep an idea simple then you have a better chance of people getting behind that idea. "Kicking it Forward" is about as simple as it gets. Any developer that puts the "Kicking it Forward" badge on their Kickstarter project page is agreeing that they will put 5% of their finished product profits back into other Kickstarter projects. To be abundantly clear, this is only money that the developer earns as profit AFTER the project ships and AFTER they have paid their expenses. This is NOT a suggestion to invest money they received from people who invested into their project via Kickstarter. Once a project in this program has become profitable, the developer is going to spend this 5% profit, which is their own money, on whatever Kickstarter projects they want to support. They can determine unilaterally who they want to give it to and when. Neither myself nor a committee is going to tell successful developers what projects to invest in. Ultimately, this is an honor system at the end of the day. No one is going to audit their books to make sure they complied. In many ways Kickstarter is an honor system too, so this is no different. Of course some unscrupulous developer may not follow through with their promise but I believe the development community sticks together. My involvement will be to create the badge and set up a site that displays which projects agree to "Kicking it Forward" and which projects were supported through this program. Then, after that, it needs to take on its own life. After all, I need to make sure Wasteland 2 meets everyone's expectations. Here is the link if you want to pass it on or get the badge. <url>"Kick it Forward" earlier but that URL was not available. PPS. We have opened up donations for PayPal using customers in cooperation with Kickstarter. Not everyone can utilize the Amazon payment system. I continue to be overwhelmed by the positive feedback and enthusiasm from the support I have gotten from Kickstarter. The groundswell of people cheering us on and the evangelism - people spreading the word - is unlike anything I have experienced. In fact, I would say the last week was the high water mark of my career. We are closing in on the funding for 1.5 million which will allow us to add both a Mac and Linux version of Wasteland 2 to the release. One of the (more common) questions I am asked is whether we'll support console and I believe it to be unlikely. It is imperative that we deliver the core PC experience that the fans are expecting here and I want to avoid any elements that could distract us. The console interface is quite different when you consider the input device and proximity to the screen whereas the Mac and Linux are pretty much identical to that of the "PC". We will consider a tablet version due to the similarity of the screen and interface but even on that we need to do a bit more research. There have been some nice human moments along the way that I thought I would share. We started off strong in the first 24 hours raising nearly 50% of our minimum need but still I was nervous. All the signs of success were there but we all wanted it to happen so badly that it seemed to good to be true. Around 6:00 that first night we received an email from a wealthy software industry individual who is a passionate fan of Wasteland and offered to help fund the game if Kickstarter came short! Talk about feeling good. Of course I thanked him and said I hoped we would not need his assistance but he made my whole day/week/month/year. On the next day I get a short tweet from an individual that confesses he pirated Wasteland as a kid and was donating to help make up for it. I of course forgave not knowing he had donated $10,000 dollars. An incredible gesture... now if we could get every pirate of Wasteland 1 to donate we could really beat the Kickstarter all time record. Mason Douglass who plays the kid publisher in the Kickstarter video has gotten rave reviews for his performance. His delivery was great and I have had people wanting to contact his manager for parts in TV/film. I jokingly told him when we shot the bit that he might become famous from this. Perhaps he will. And just today I got an email along with a donation from a kid who lived down the street from me when he was a teenager. His note was as follows: "This message is intended for Brian Fargo. Brian, I was your next door neighbor when you used to live in Laguna. I was a pesky 15 or 16 year old kid that would come around and ask you about games. You would sit down and take time to talk to me about games, and the industry, and I just wanted you to know how cool it was that you didn't blow me off. It meant a lot to me. Recently, I found out about your Kickstarter movement for Wasteland 2, and I contributed to it because I believe in you and your ability to resurrect the glory of the franchise. I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors, and thank you again for creating some memorable memories for me during my teenage years. Take care!" It shows that being nice creates goodwill 20 years later. And speaking of goodwill it occurs to me that we can harness the power of Kickstarter in a more meaningful way. Fan funding is bigger than me or Wasteland 2 as I have remarked before. The development community has come together to support us in ways that I didn't think possible and our power as developers will ultimately come from us sticking together . Both gamers and developers have so much more strength than they realize. But in order to help facilitate the power of crowd funding I am going to suggest that all of us that do utilize this form of financing agree to kickback 5% of our profits made from such projects to other Kickstarter developers. I am not suggesting taking a backers money and moving it to another project.. I mean once a game has shipped and created profit that we funnel that back into the community of developers to fund their dreams. I am tentatively calling this "Kick It Forward" and I will be the first to agree to it. In fact, I will have our artists create a badge that goes on all Kickstarter projects that agree to support this initiative. Imagine the potential if another Minecraft comes along via Kickstarter and produces millions of dollars of investment into other developers. This economic payback will continue to grow the movement way beyond the current system. I hope others will join me with this idea and make this a true shakeup. Let's get the power shifted around a bit! Brian Fargo What an incredible week this has been. The outpouring of support and faith is nothing like I have ever had before (except maybe from my Mom), and for the first time in years it feels good to be in the games business. I have always loved both making and playing games, but the business side of it has been painful at times. In fact, there were a couple times the frustration with publishers was so high I considered stopping. It just seemed like the era of purity was over. Even when Interplay was a large company there was such a positive vibe with everyone pulling in the same direction with a real passion for their job. I frequently run into the folks I worked with in those days, and this same memory of those times remains with them. One friend of mine who worked with me there said recently he felt that in the beginning of the industry all the nerds were in charge, but then as the industry grew it changed, and now the guys that picked on the nerds got back on top. I think there was some great truth to that. We all hope this movement is bigger than just Tim Schafer or Brian Fargo as we want to get power back into the developers hands again. And the unbelievable Indie scene shows that there is momentum in that direction. The development community continues to pull itself together to ensure their success. They share tools, they share statistics, they share ideas, and the biggest donators in Kickstarter are always developers. All of this reminds me of the freshness the industry had in the late 80′s through mid 90′s in which creativity was being directed only by the gamers. The gamers will always rule at the end of the day. You will probably hear me thanking you all a hundred more times, but again, thanks for giving us this opportunity to do what we do best. Make games! -Brian Fargo Sorry we are late. We honestly thought we had another week to write this update… YOU DID IT! We are funded and Wasteland 2 is a reality. A dream that began more than 20 years ago has actually come true. After years of attempting to get Wasteland 2 kicked off and countless pitch meetings to every major publisher out there, we had almost given up. Even six months ago we didn’t see any way that Wasteland 2 was ever going to happen. Then the world suddenly changed. This is a paradigm shift that is way bigger than Wasteland 2. This is the beginning of a new era in gaming where the developer gets to work directly with the fans to build the type of product that the fans want. No focus groups, no pitches to the marketing team, no trying to get an executive committee to group-think their way to a project green-light. Now we just have a developer with a creative idea that resonates and a group of dedicated fans who are willing to lay down their money to buy it. We knew we were taking a risk by asking for the most money anyone had ever asked for on Kickstarter, but we did it because every time we have interacted with the gaming community for the last decade they have asked about getting this sequel done. Even while we have been on press tours for other products, doing press interviews and presentations all over the planet, it always comes up. When are we getting Wasteland? Well, I finally have an answer for everyone. You all get a Wasteland Sequel in October of next year! Not only did we meet the highest funding goal ever on Kickstarter, we did it in 2 days! I know… we can’t believe it either. So thank you all for making this happen, and please don’t stop spreading the word. If the entire community continues to help spread this through social media, there is no telling how much money we can raise. Every time you get someone else to participate, you are working to make the game bigger and better. We will be making some announcements very soon about what we will be adding to the development if we hit even higher levels. Right now we want to be clear on a few things people are asking about: Through the support of our amazing fan community we will be localizing the game into French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian, and Polish. For anyone in those territories that want to help with this, please look for information on our Forums. At the $1.5 Million level we will be adding a Linux version along with the Mac OS X version. We know that the Linux community is a very dedicated and internet-active group, so we hope their support will help us make that goal. For those of you in Europe who want to support us but don't have a credit card, please check out our FAQ for some help. Check out the Wasteland 2 Facebook page for Wasteland updates and links to a lot of the great press we have been getting in the last few days. There are some really neat articles to read. www.facebook.com/Ranger.HQ OR Check out our Forums and Blog at <url>Я не знаю английский язык. Как мне поддержать Ваш проект? Also for our Russian fans, our buddy Yegor at fallout-archives put together instructions for how to pledge and navigate Kickstarter. If our funding stays at this rate we will be able to localize in Russian. Thanks a ton, Yegor! <url>