Hey, everyone! We’ve got a big announcement for all of you today. With my company Akupara Games I have launched a Kickstarter for my new tabletop party game called UFO a Go-Go , and I created an exclusive Whispering Willows card of Elena for those who back it. That's right, a physical game! UFO a Go-Go is a card game where you get to be the Host of your very own galactic party. In order to have the most epic bash this side of the Milky Way has seen, you will need to follow some hilarious rules and be ready to call out your friends for slipping up. Do you have what it takes to entertain the most Alien guests and be crowned the Intergalactic Party Captain? There’s only one way to find out: back this Kickstarter today! For those who back this project on Kickstarter for $25+, you will be receiving an exclusive pack of promo cards! This set of cross-over cards can be used with the main game. Not only will these be fun little easter eggs every time you play, but they add additional rules and effects that no others will have access to if they support the release post-campaign! Thanks for all your continued support! David Logan We're excited to announce that our next Kickstarter has gone live! We're partnered with the incredible indie studio Rogue Snail, out of Brazil. You may know their team from titles such as Chroma Squad, Dungeonland, and Relic Hunters Zero; but this is their biggest title yet - Relic Hunters Legend. Relic Hunters Legend is a full-blown online RPG with innovative 2D/3D environments, a huge variety of guns to collect, space ducks to shoot, and an immersive, in-depth story to boot. Gameplay is a top-down, twin-stick shooter, with 4 player online multiplayer cooperative play. Rogue Snail has also created an incredible animated short which brings the characters in the Relic Hunters universe to life, as well as introducing you to a brand new character. You can watch the short on the Kickstarter page , or here . There is also a Web Comic series which tells the backstory of how the Relic Hunters came to be. You can check it out now on Tapas and on WebToons. Game Features: Full Story Campaign with more story content to be released, post-release, in form of Seasons Next-Generation Top-Down Shooter Combat with multiple characters, skills, advanced enemy AI, and 3D environments, with full verticality Online Multiplayer Co-op for up to 4 players. Play the game solo, with friends or with other Hunters! Explore Procedurally-Generated Environments to the discover hidden treasures within each environment Dungeons hand designed to provide the ultimate challenge to coordinated 4-player groups Deep RPG Systems which include a Combo System that allows different Skills to unleash powerful elemental effects, Friendship System, that unlocks personal story missions for your favorite character, and Food System which provides daily bonuses to specific characters Optimized for PC native 4K resolution, unlocked framerates and 21:9 support Hello everyone, long time no chat! Thanks to you Whispering Willows was first released for the OUYA and then for PC via Steam. After a long journey, we have an exciting update for you -- we have very recently released the game on Playstation 4 and the Playstation Vita! You can find more information or purchase the game at the Playstation store . Later on this month or early next month we'll be releasing for the Xbox, Mobile, and the Wii-U-- keep an eye on our social media and we'll let you all know as soon as we announce! For more information on Night Light and Whispering Willows check us out on our official website and social media pages -- Facebook and Twitter ! Best regards, Night Light Team We've launched a new and updated Night Light website! With this redesigned cleaner look we hope to highlight the best qualities of Whispering Willows and the company. Check it out and stay tuned for upcoming big news! <url>’s called Kaptain Brawe 2, and it features some amazing writers &amp; artists among others. If you are into old school type adventures (Monky Island, Broken Sword, etc..) you will probably want to support them. They have some quite tempting rewards for backers! We just added controller support in our latest Whispering Willows patch! All Humble Bundle's have been updated with Steam keys! If you have trouble, please email us at support [at] nightlightint [dot] com Thank you all so much for supporting us on Kickstarter and over the past year. We really couldn't have made it this far without you. We are already designing our next game, and you will certainly be the first to hear about it! This has been an amazing experience, thanks again! If you haven't already you can follow us on Facebook.com/nightlightinteractive and Twitter.com/nightlightgames for regular updates. Founder David Logan Happy hauntings! We’re proud to announce Whispering Willows just went live on Steam! We’re incredibly excited to share our debut title with the Steam community and we can’t wait to hear what they have to say. For all you Kickstarter backers, we will be updating the Humble Store pages (where you downloaded the game from) later today with the keys! There are a few hoops we have to jump through first, but getting you these keys is a high priority! Tell your friends they can get Whispering Willows for $9.99, during the 33% off launch sale! Available for PC, MAC and Linux platforms. <url>’re excited to share that we’ve partnered with IndieBox! Night Light Interactive will be featured in their next game manual along with a Whispering Willows demo. Our fans can subscribe to IndieBox with the code WHISPER to get 15% off! Stay tuned and look forward to more stirring updates for both Whispering Willows and IndieBox. Check out Indie Box here! Whispering Willows Chapter 4 is available to download on the OUYA and PC/Mac/Linux via humble store! Translations are in, as well as an OUYA demo! To ensure that we give you the best version of Whispering Willows for Steam, we’ve decided to push it’s launch until July 9. This allows us to clean up bugs and both the enhancement and development of several features. We appreciate all the support from our community and we want to make sure that we bring you the best Whispering Willows experience. What does this mean for backers? Backers, you’ll still be receiving the full game, chapters 1-4, on June 17 for OUYA and the DRM-free copy on PC, Mac, and Linux. However, your Steam key will not be sent to you until July 9. OUYA DevLog presents David Logan, who speaks about Night Light Interactive's exciting journey developing Whispering Willows and our experience working with OUYA. The blog also features an amazing portrait of Wortham Willows, by the ridiculously talented Ashe Lewis! <url>" humblebundle.com " and ideally you'd see the email from us with your code. Otherwise I am able to mass send out 100 codes a day through an automated system- 200 have been sent already, the remaining 550 will be sent over the next 6 days. If you can't find the code, and you want access sooner you can email us at support [at] nightlightint [dot] com Thanks everyone for your support, and it sounds like a lot of people are enjoying the game so far! A few backers have informed me of bugs in the game that have been fixed for a few months now. I looked into it and it appears Humble Store hadn't updated the builds on their website (or the soundtrack). I will send another update when I can confirm they're good to go, ideally later today. OUYA key should be fine still. If you are going to want the OUYA key, please click "Click here for your Whispering Willows OUYA Key" on the Humble Store page. Then you will log onto your OUYA, go to Manage- Account- Payments and there should be a place to redeem codes. <url>"redeem." If you are unable to access the game on your Humble Store account, please email us at support [at] nightlightint [dot] com . We can resend the Humble Bundle code that sent out a while back. You can email bugs you find to the same email or post them on our website forums- <url>"Congratulations David Logan, we approved Whispering Willows (1.0) to be distributed on OUYA! Thank you for making it." Hey guys, just to elaborate further on the post from earlier; I wanted to talk about when Kickstarter backers will be getting copies of the game. Please note the versions before June 17th will only include Chapters 1-3 and no translations. On June 17th (Steam release) we will include Chapter 4 and translations. When you will get your rewards: May 23rd (or sooner)- PC/Mac/Linux - we are working with the Humble Store right now to update all versions of the DRM-free game. This will include Chapters 1-3. May 27th - OUYA - We will update the Humble Store with the OUYA codes. This will include Chapters 1-3. Unfortunately, this version has to be alongside the OUYA release, and not earlier. June 17th - PC/Mac/Linux- We will update the Humble Store with the Steam codes. We will also update the DRM-free versions, and OUYA version will get a patch. This will include Chapters 1-4 and translations. I can answer any questions in the comments. We're excited to share that the game will be released for OUYA on May 27 and will be available on PC, Linux and Mac via Steam on June 17! Check out the release trailer here! We've been Greenlit! Words can't really describe the excitement that just rumbled through the team. We just wanted to thank our fans and our incredibly supportive community. This would not have been possible without you. Expect awesome things in the future and were super excited to share this game with you! Hello everyone, it's been a while since I gave you a meaty update about the game. As an indie game studio it is hard to predict release dates, and I hate giving premature estimations on delivery and scope. I'd like you all to know that the game development is going incredibly well. We've had a great year so far and I'm sure you've seen that we got 1st place at the Seattle Indie Gaming Competition. We are going to the Game Developers Conference next week and showcasing WW at the OUYA booth. We are also incredibly close on Steam and anticipate we will be greenlit by the end of this month. There are two scenarios getting discussed right now- one is releasing chapters one at a time, and the other is releasing the game once all chapters are complete. We hope to have the game wrapped up in the next month at which point we will make a pre-launch build for backers to play while we put the final touches on everything. I will give you an official release date once the game is complete and ready to launch, which as of now I predict would be a May release. Thanks again for all your support, this game wouldn't be possible without you! GDC is right around around the corner! We’re very excited to be able to show everyone the game in San Francisco and hope to meet some of the community that’s supported us thus far! To celebrate the excitement in the coming week, here’s an art piece by Night Light’s freakishly talented concept artist, Amanda Kiefer! Night Light Interactive just won first place at the Seattle Indie Game Competition, thanks Washington Interactive Network and to the judges! Fantastic job Sonya Ballas for presenting, and the rest of the team! We need your help. Last chance to Greenlight Whispering Willows! Rumor has it that Valve may be removing their Steam Greenlight program for a new system. Whispering Willows is at 89%! With your support Whispering Willows could come too Steam and into your homes. Please help us and share this with your friends, family and anyone who likes horror puzzle games! Video Game Bang Interview with Night Light composer Steve Goldshein. Check it out on Nerd Reactor! We’re excited to announce that Whispering Willows has been selected as a Seattle Indie Game Competition finalist! We’ve been selected as one of five finalists that get the opportunity to present their game in front of a panel of judges for a chance to win $2500! The panel includes: Chris Charla (Microsoft), Dan Adelman (Nintendo), Robin Walker (Valve), and Jason Chein (formerly Director of Amazon GameCircle). Sonya Ballas will be representing us at SIGC and presenting the game to the judges on January 23rd! View the list of games here: Power Play Indie Expo Scary Christmas time sale! Do you have any family or friends who would enjoy playing Whispering Willows? If so, the game is totally on sale, along with art books, T-shirts, and more! Night Light Interactive Store For you hardcore fans, who have pre-ordered the game, there’s a new updated beta build to play! Check it out on the Night Light website or your Humble store downloads page. I am incredibly happy to announce that I have packaged and shipped all physical rewards. Today the shirts, books, plushies, and pendants went out in the mail. Now every single reward should be distributed, both physical and digital. If you haven't received something by the end of the month, please let me know. Some of the international packages will take much longer to arrive. All that's left is for us to continuing giving you project updates and releasing beta versions leading up to the release of the game. Thank you everyone for your support, this is a big day for us! The Art book and plushies are in! Night Light Interactive just received the shipment of Whispering Willows Art Books and plushies! We had a book signing to celebrate the occasion. Check it out here! Developer signed copy on sale for 1 more week! Art book signing photo album We’re proud to announce that we’ve partnered with OUYA in the launch of Whispering Willows. OUYA saw potential in our game and wants to help bring it to their audience! They’ve been incredibly supportive throughout development and this is a great example of how awesome OUYA is and they’re amazing support for the indie community. The final physical rewards- plushies and art books, come in next week! Please update your address because we will start shipping physical rewards out starting next week! We just submitted Whispering Willows to the IGF! Best of luck to all the applicants, we’re honored to be submitting our game alongside so many talented and passionate game devs! Speaking of talented and passionate game devs, check out and support our friend Oded and his awesome Reggae Adventure game on Kickstarter, Bolt Riley Hey everyone, We just recently released a new Whispering Willows gameplay trailer and were really excited to share it with you! Chapter 2 beta is right around the corner and it will be coming to exclusive backers first ($50+)!!! Stay tuned, more updates to come!! I'd like to send a shout out of support to Matt Gilgenbach and his Neverending Nightmares Kickstarter . The project needs an additional $15k in the next 27 hours to get funded. Not only will they get the $99k if they are funded, but OUYA will match it because it is a Free the Games contestant (and the best looking game I've seen on there.) It is a psychological horror game coming to OUYA, PC, Mac, and Linux. It is inspired by his battle with obsessive-compulsive disorder and depression. The art direction is fantastic and the mood is incredibly creepy. I actually had the pleasure of listening to Matt speak at GDC this year, and he seems incredibly talented and dedicated. I am backing this project and I highly encourage anyone who is a fan of horror to check out his game. Good luck Matt, Night Light supports you! I wanted to give an update on our estimated release schedule for Whispering Willows. We are moving at a pretty good pace now, and if we keep it up, we will be able to release a chapter every month and a half. Some of you were worried when I announced that we would be OUYA exclusive for 6 months upon release, but we will be able to still work on and sell PC, Mac, and Linux versions of the game alongside OUYA. The exclusivity only applies to consoles and mobile. As for translations, we will be starting the process this week for Chapter 1! After we feel each chapter is polished we will send to translators. Translations will not be implemented until 4-6 weeks after the full game is completed. Again, this is estimated and subject to change. Since we are all volunteering to produce this game, it's harder to predict events that set us off course. Mid Oct- Ch.2 Beta Early Dec- Ch.3 Beta Mid Jan- Ch.4 Beta Mid Jan- Release Ch.1 on OUYA and PC Mid Feb- Ch.5 Beta Late Feb- Game Finished Early April- Translations added And a special treat for our fans and supporters...The Whispering Willows opening cinematic: <url>’s website, and through their media channels. The conference “has a strong focus on entrepreneurship and wants to showcase the amazing work that our industry produces.” David Logan, will be showing the game off over the three days of the conference. If you’re going to the conference, stop by to play the latest demo and get free stickers! Thank you for all of the help and suggestions for the Chapter 1 Beta. There were a lot of great ideas, and we were able to fix a ton of bugs. Yesterday we sent out all digital portraits, ghosts, and stories to qualifying backers. You can find some of them in the art book we sent, and you can also check out the complete collection of portraits on our Facebook- [ <url>’re wrapping up our final Kickstarter rewards and wanted to give everyone a sneak peek at the Whispering Willows hardcover art book. All Kickstarter backers of $100 or more will receive this book. Didn’t get this tier, no problem! The art book is $10 off if you pre-order it now! <url>’s been created for Whispering Willows. And if that didn't get you excited, The book will also include finalized game art, storyboards, and more. All this brought to you by the the Night Light Interactive Art Team. Hello, A lot of you have been asking about Whispering Willows and when the first chapter will be released. As of now we are hoping to have a soft launch of Chapter 1 for PC, Mac, and Linux on September 1st for Kickstarter and early backers only. We would like to get as much playtesting and feedback as we can before we launch on the OUYA and other web stores for PC, Mac, and Linux. We are also considering waiting until Chapter 2 is ready before we release the first chapter to the public. We are hoping to release all chapters 2-5 by the end of 2013. Last week we released a new demo to our 1337 backers! This is an updated version of the catacombs based on feedback from E3 and RTX. Soon we will have the rest of chapter 1 complete and ready to test! If you aren't a 1337 backer, you're still in luck. We made a video that walks you through our new and improved catacombs! Watch the video HERE . You spoke up, and we listened. We are going to try to get the game out in as many languages as possible! Although we can not guarantee all the languages, we are currently working to get translators setup to bring the game to you in English, Spanish, German, Italian, Norwegian, and Polish. We are still looking for someone to translate the game in French and in Japanese. If you know a translator that would love to be credited on the game and help out, please have them contact me directly on Kickstarter or by emailing david [at] nightlightint [dot] com. A few other good tidbits of news- we will be including our official Night Light stickers in every order of physical items from Kickstarter or from our website- <url>’t Know Jack , and Forsaken Planet ! Hey Everyone, I just wanted to update you on the progress of the game and your rewards. Game- I'm sure most of you have already played the demo of the Catacombs (the first part of Chapter 1). If you haven't played it you can check out KS backer Tim Molesworth's video here ! We have a lot of changes we will be making and implementing still- overall to pace out the game mechanics a bit more and give a more clear direction to the player. Of course we will be adding new animation, art, lighting, and writing as well. We are programming most the game's mechanics right now. Shortly after we will be working towards building out more of the actual game and implementing the mechanics we've created. This first chapter is taking us the longest because we need to create all the initial mechanics, UI, etc. The following chapters should go much faster. We have completed almost all the artwork for Chapter 1. We are looking to release the core game (Chapter 1 and 2) by the end of August. We then would release the final Chapters 3-5 over the rest of 2013. Special Thanks on Website- All credits should be on our website here . If you don't see your name, please message me and let us know. QA Backers- You should have received your first demo early and will be getting exclusive demos going forward of any content we create. You can leave feedback in our forums ! Soundtrack- We will send out as many tracks as are finished when we send out the core game in August. The rest of the tracks will be sent as they are finished (for remaining chapters). Digital and Physical Art Book- We will likely get this printed in August and send it out around the time of the core game. We want to wait so that we can get as much art jam packed into it as possible. Due to popular request, as much of the team as I can get will be signing every physical copy! T-Shirt- These are actually finished, but I would like to wait to send them out until the other physical rewards are complete. All four designs have turned out beautifully and if you will be at RTX in July (or future conventions) we can give you your shirt early! Portraits- These are almost all complete and we will send you your digital signed painting in August. Your portrait will be somewhere in the game, but could be anywhere from Chapter 1-5 (where ever we see fit). Plushies- These will be completed in August and be shipped out with the other physical rewards. Spirit Avatar- We will send you a still image of your finished ghost in August and your animated ghost could be anywhere between Chapters 1-5. Easter Eggs- Still in the process of making/figuring out these. Amulets- These are finished and turned out beautiful. Will be shipped out in August with the other physical rewards. Thanks so much, feel free to ask questions in the comments below or our forum! David The new Whispering Willows E3 Demo is open to the public! Try it out and leave us some feedback on the forums ! The NLI Whispering Willows crew will be at the OUYA Park E3 this year showing off an exclusive new demo of Whispering Willows! There will be many other OUYA developers showing off their games including Soul Fjord , Chronoblade , Towerfall , You Don’t Know Jack and MRS. DAD vs KORV ! Keep an eye out for us and come say hi. We’ll be at the: OUYA Park E3, 601 West Pico Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90015 Tuesday, June 11th between 1-2 PM Won’t be able to make it out to E3 this year? All Kickstarter backers in the “Shape the Game Tier” ($50) and higher will get exclusive early access during the week of E3. Everyone else will get access to the demo the following week. Thanks again to all our fans and supporters! We have decided Whispering Willows will be divided and released in five chapters, in an episodic fashion. Each chapter focuses on a particular ghosts backstory and key part of Elena’s journey as she ventures deeper into Willows Mansion. So what does this mean for you backers? We will be able to release content much faster this way and you will be able to play each chapter when ready. All backers of $10 or more will receive all five chapters as they are released. The first two chapters of Whispering Willows are right around the corner, following the launch of the OUYA. We are planning on releasing the first chapter for free and offering the chapters two through five for $2.99 each. People will also be able to purchase the complete game for $9.99 (saving a few dollars). Thanks everyone who helped support the Whispering Willows project! As promised for the first tier of rewards we’ve added your name to the website, look for your name here! nightlightinteractive.com/credits Level design starts out as an idea - usually a location and an arc in the storyline. From there it’s back into drawing, lots of erasing and rattling the mind into finding a design that fits. There’s a lot to think about when designing for Whispering Willows. Interestingly enough, just the shape of the level is an important aspect. Square rooms are generally boring and serve as overworlds in most games and aren’t where main gameplay happens. After I’ve sketched out a design for an area, I also write up the “solution” to that area, which is the fastest possible way for the player to beat the level without mistakes or backtracking. After this I immediately build and work with my art team on creating the space in Unity3d. From here it’s mountains of playtesting, tweaking and notes. As the game’s designer I generally play the game more than everyone on our team, as every little bit has to feel just right. I constantly try and think of the game from all perspectives, pretending I’ve never played an area or I have no clue what to do, to get a sense of what players might be thinking at the time. With Whispering Willows we are focused on our visual storytelling and compelling puzzle design, and with all the mechanics going on, there’s almost limitless ways to create our world. Game Designer Evan McAnulty Taking inspiration from centuries of ghost lore and literature from various cultures and the hit show American Horror Story, we were intent on creating a setting for our game that would be truly spine-tingling. There's not much creepier than being alone in an expansive, old mansion that's empty save for spirits of the dead. We tried to combine elements of all our favorite horror games in order to fulfill the overall feeling we wanted for the Willows Mansion. We also took heavy inspiration from Chico, CA's Bidwell Mansion, a place known for its seedy history in which owner John Bidwell massacred and enslaved hordes of Native American peoples. With such a chilling setting for Whispering Willows, we crafted our own history that would rival even Bidwell Mansion's messy past. The history we created is historically accurate and rife with interesting details for players to uncover as they progress through different parts of Willows Mansion and its surrounding grounds. Writer/Narrative Designer Kyle Holmquist The first three languages have been chosen! Whispering Willows will be translated to Spanish, German and French. Japanese was a close runner up. We may translate to more languages in the future but these three are guaranteed. Thanks for voting! Since we reached our stretch goal of $20,000 we are translating Whispering Willows to three different languages. Which languages would you like to see Whispering Willows translated to? Vote Here! The Night Light Interactive Store is having a sale, $5 off on any T-shirt till the end of this weekend! We recently added two new shirt designs to the store, so check them out! Art Q&amp;A Part 1 Part 2 features Amanda Kiefer, our Concept Artist, who worked on ghost concepts, our library of amazing in-game assets, and beautiful painted backgrounds. 6. Do you approach in-game art any differently than you would a promotional piece? If yes, how so? Amanda : I do approach in-game artwork much differently from promotional work. With in-game assets, I am focusing on the way the asset will look in the setting as well as keeping the style consistent with the other assets that other artists and I have created. Creating in-game assets is more of a technical and detail-oriented process; I'm not trying to create anything new or evoke emotion, I'm trying to make the mansion look put-together and fit the style we are going for. I paint promotional pieces with a goal of evoking emotion and getting people worked up and excited about the project, and I do this with the lighting, composition, and overall mood of the piece. 7. Are you a fan of horror films and games? What sort of ideas did you pull from your experiences with these mediums? Amanda : I am a huge fan of both horror films and games, my favorite horror games are Lone Survivor and Amnesia and I always try to draw from the anxious emotions that come from playing those games when painting a creepy piece. I'm a huge fan of horror films as well, but I mostly pulled from horror stories/literature and games for Whispering Willows because I feel like Whispering Willows is not an in-your-face scary game and films usually go more for that kind of scare. The horror stories I used for inspiration for the artwork I have created for Whispering Willows are creepypastas , which are sci-fi and horror stories written by anonymous authors and posted on sites like creepypasta.com . 8. What is your favorite aspect of working on WW? Amanda : I've loved creating the promotional images of Flying Hawk , Le Rue , and Wortham Willows . Breathing life into those characters has been a real treat for me, and the fact that the paintings had to be finished in such a short amount of time gave me the chance to learn how to commit to decisions I was making with my work quickly. Creating art for a horror game in general has been a very fun and exciting experience especially because it is a genre that I am a huge fan of. 9. What sort of media inspired your Wortham Willows piece? Is there a reason it pulled from these? Amanda : The portrait of Wortham Willows was originally inspired by oil paintings of wealthy tycoons that were painted by commission in the late 1800's, and by Wortham's rich backstory. I also looked at a lot of dark/macabre art to get inspiration for the creepy factor that I wanted for the piece. I wanted the portrait to have a haunting look that wasn't too creepy but still slightly off-putting. I chose to paint Wortham because he is an interesting antagonist who is an integral part of the Whispering Willows storyline. The visual design of his character had not been hashed out yet at the time, so I thought this would be a great introduction piece. 10. WW is extremely focused on story and feeling. How do you try to incorporate this into your pieces? Amanda : I try to incorporate this into my promotional and environmental pieces by picking out powerful images from high points within the story of Whispering Willows. For example, I chose to paint an image of Fleur le Rue surrounded by the love notes she wrote to Wortham Willows because she is an interesting character who had to deal with a lot of hardships in her life, from her feelings for Wortham to her unfortunate circumstances with their illegitimate child as well as her death. I wanted whoever looks at the illustration to get the feeling that she was frustrated and heartbroken, so I gave her a look on her face and body language that conveyed those emotions. I painted the love notes flying around her to not only help the composition but to also make it look like maybe her emotional state was affecting the wind in the hallway making the notes fly around. For more art from Whispering Willows and Night Light Interactive, please check out NightLightInteractive.com and stay tuned here on Kickstarter for updates! Check out the Night Light Interactive forums to interact with the community and developers. Learn about updates to the game, discussions about new ideas, give feedback, and even announcements about new goodies and sales at the NLI Store ! If you haven’t checked out the store yet, we sell stuff, you can even use PayPal !! Pre-order the game , get the Jade Amulet while its on sale, cool new T-shirts , and more! More often than not when I start a new game, I start with an open paint program of some kind. I sketch out areas, mechanics, and their interactions - I try to capture a simple visual queue of how things should work. From here I flesh out the gameplay and flow. This is in the form of flow charts and storyboards, which eventually act as a guide for myself or Programming as to how the game should play. Flow charts are usually descriptive: "enter room, player can’t proceed, use ghost, find object," etc. These help me figure out how the players will think when they play the game long before I’ve even built a level. After the flow chart, I began working on our game design document. For industry vets these are common-place, they’re huge word documents that are meant to be the framework for the entire game’s gameplay, not necessarily its level design (which is a whole other animal). Once the framework was laid out I started working on level design. Please check out our current demo here, and stay tuned for my last post on the level design! <url>’s creativity and help push the game into a unique art direction. 5. Please describe your role as Concept Lead for Whispering Willows. If you could start the process over again for WW, what would you do differently as Concept Lead? Ayla: My role as Concept Lead has many different aspects. From the beginning, I began the exploration and creation of Elena with concept sketches, leading up to turnarounds, poses, and color examples. I have contributed to the creation of the environment through speed-painting, as well as many in-game assets. As of late, I've been doing promo art for the game itself and Kickstarter. I've also helped with some of the rewards that we having going on for the campaign, as well! That concludes Part 1 of the Q&amp;A with the art team. Please stay tuned for more! Support indie developers by purchasing the Bundle In a Box and vote for Whispering Willows so that we can receive the Cerebral Indie Dev Grant ! Much like the very popular Humble Indie Bundle , Bundle in a Box let's people pay what they want for great indie games! The bundle currently featured is called the "Cerebral Bundle" and has a focus on "horror, mystery, adventure, romance, roleplaying and puzzles!" If you pay $1.99 you get 5 games including "Vampires!," "Dinner Date," Phantasmaburbia," Necrotic Drift Deluxe," and "Dedale De Luxe." If you beat the average amount paid, you get 4 other games including the hit game " Cognition ." In addition to supporting these great titles, you can help Whispering Willows as well! After you have purchased the game, you get a special link through email. Follow the link to the downloads page and scroll down until you see the entries for the "Cerebral Indie Dev Grant." Vote for Whispering Willows. If we get the most votes, then we receive the grant, $15 out of every 100 bundles sold. Thank you everyone so much! Kickstarter prize surveys are going out this week! David Now that everything is wrapped up, I wanted to say a final thank you to several other indie Kickstarters that helped us reach our goal. The following are all run by truly incredible people and I highly suggest you check them out, and even donate if they interest you! Orc Wars by Arrowstorm Entertainment Arrowstorm is a fantastic studio who have truly utilized Kickstarter to the fullest to fund their projects. Not only have I been a backer on every film including "Ozombie," "The Shadow Cabal," and "The Crown and the Dragon", but I avidly follow their work. They wrote an incredibly thoughtful shout out last week, and I wanted to properly thank them. Click if you like: bloodthristy orcs, special effects, dragons, fantasy Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter , Youtube <url>"Rewards" section (and on this update) were all designed by our artists. -Design 1 is by UI and graphic artist Mickey Reeder. It features one of the main ghosts, Flying Hawk. -Design 2 is by illustrator Amanda Kiefer. Elena is either traveling dimensions or popping out of your chest (I prefer to think of her as a chestburster from Alien)! -Design 3 is by illustrator Ayla Richards. With darkness as Elena's opposition, she will have to find ways to light up her path. -Design 4 is by lead artist Mike Shanks. This is the official Night Light Interactive logo. Help us decide which colors will look best with these designs. We will choose one color for each shirt style, and you will be able to pick any size including 2XL, 3XL and youth sizes! We are excited to announce that Night Light Interactive will be bringing Whispering Willows to Rooster Teeth 's fan convention RTX in July! We will have our own booth with a playable demo and be giving away and selling swag! Rooster Teeth is best known for Red vs. Blue and our very own composer Steve Goldshein writes some of the music for the show! I'm also very pleased to announce that Steve Goldshein will be collaborating with the Videri String Quartet , for a special bonus track on the Whispering Willows soundtrack! This track will only be available to those who purchase the soundtrack via preorder on Kickstarter or through iTunes. The Videri String Quartet is an extremely talented group of musicians who have performed at Rooster Teeth's RTX conference in Austin with Jeff Williams' Freelance Orchestra. This exclusive bonus track will feature the Videri String Quartet and Casey Williams performing a suite of chamber arrangements based on all the main character, level and ghost themes from the chilling Whispering Willows original soundtrack. <url>“The entertainment has arrived,” he said with an intoxicating Spanish accent that matched his olive skin. He flourished with a bow and as he raised his head, looked the maid dead in the eye. He held her gaze as a charming smile spread over his joyous face. He winked at the girl and blood rushed to her cheeks. She smiled sheepishly and looked as though she'd faint, but she didn't. She welcomed him inside with a wave of her hand and he happily nodded at the girl as he traipsed past her. The man walked through the mansion until he came upon the grand ballroom. Servants skittered about, attending to the last touches of decoration. “Obliged you could take a night off at the saloon for my function, David,” a gruff voice said to the man's left. David turned to the man that addressed him. “Señor Willows! I would not miss it, sir.” The two men shook hands and went over the evening's schedule. They shook hands again and Wortham walked away as David took a seat at a grand piano of polished ebony. He ran his practiced hands over the ivory keys and played a jaunty tune to warm up. He continued to play as guests appeared and the ballroom filled up. It was truly an exquisite affair – bejeweled women and monocled men danced about the immense space to the showroom tunes David played out on the piano. As the night winded down, David stopped his playing and mingled with the guests. He joined a group of gentlemen as they lounged beneath the veranda. They smoked cigars as they enjoyed glasses of bourbon and spoke of current affairs and politics. David finished his drink and and had another. He finished that and had one more. He continued this until a graveyard of glasses festooned the floor about his feet. He hiccuped and stood from his chair and swayed about for a moment until balance was attained. “Buenas noches, my gentlemanly friends,” David managed to slur as he gave them a sloppy wave and stumbled away. He made his way carefully down the steps to where his carriage waited. He paid little attention to what was in front of him and was shocked to be face-to-face with a large draft horse. Deathly afraid of the equine family, David gave out a shriek which spooked the horse and the others in the area. They snorted and whinnied as they moved about the hitching post. This provoked David's phobia even further and he stumbled wildly, suddenly surrounded by horses. He decided make a run for it and screamed bloody murder as he began to sprint. He ran behind a line of horses and made it near the end when one of the horses kicked suddenly. He stopped right before the horse and narrowly avoided being struck. As he turned to run the other way, the horse he was behind decided at that moment to unleash a devastating kick. The horse's hooves exploded into the side of David's stomach and he was sent flying. His body was found entangled in some bushes the next day. A service was held for the man, but no one was there to play him out. Backers, I can never thank you all enough for helping us make it this far. We reached our goal of $15,000 today at 6:13 AM PST. So what's next? We want to push and try to hit our first stretch goal. If we are able to make it to $20,000, we will be adding translations for three different languages of your choice! You can read all about our stretch goals here . We only need $4500 to hit this goal and it would be fantastic so we can bring the game to as many people as possible. So one final time- I urge you to spread the word to message boards, your family, your friends. You, the backers, have made this a reality. David Logan I want to take this time in our final hour to send a shout out to all of our friends, family, and you the backers! We are a little more than $1000 away from our goal, with two days remaining. If you haven't yet, please share our campaign with anyone who would enjoy it as much as you do. Several other Kickstarter projects have gone the extra mile for us and I wanted to thank them publicly. Days of Dawn by Bumblebee Games Bumblebee Games graciously hosted us in their live Kickstarter show "Alive and Kicking." They've been incredibly kind and supportive to help us make this a reality. Click if you like: RPGs, open world exploration, fast turn-based combat, creepy creatures Visit them on: Kickstarter , Website , Facebook , Twitter <url>"Portrait" tier. Portrait ($150)- In the portrait tier, YOU the backer provides an image of yourself and a short description of the kind of character you want to be. Don't want to have the portrait be of you? No problem, how about a pet or friend? As long as it fits in our world, it is fine with us. Our talented artists will take your image and make it a portrait in the mansion . You will also get it as a high resolution signed image. Enter Kickstarter backer (and close friend) Dillon. He wanted to be a barber shop singer. He provided us his picture and a reference photo. Our concept artist Amanda Kiefer took a photo of Dillon and created a portrait for our very own mansion! Amanda created a beautiful progress update for us, it shows everything from concept, to basic foundation, to final painting. And finally, just like in the last image, we will be putting it somewhere in the mansion, possibly similarly placed like the ones by the stairs, shown here. Consider it our little "Where's Waldo" Easter Egg for our backers ;) Thank you Amanda, thank you to Dillon for the wonderful portrait pose, and thank you to our current and future backers. Continue to spread the word, we are so excited to see this game come to life with your help. Hey everyone, We are so thrilled at how well the WW Kickstarter is going that we want to feature some of the rewards. Collector's Book (Print) ($100)- This beautiful book is hardcover, with high resolution images and descriptions. It will include behind the scenes information, not available anywhere else, including exclusive concept art, in-game art, promo art, maps of the mansion, and will even be signed by team! We are working super hard to make it the best quality possible for all our backers. The "Collector's Book (Print)" tier will also include all previous rewards (including "Special Edition" tier), so check out all the loot included before it moves on to the afterlife! Special Edition ($25)- Lastly, if you prefer spiritual to the physical realm, we also have a fantastically designed digital copy in this $25 tier. Granted, it’s not signed by the team and won’t sit on your bookshelf as nicely, but the content will be just as awesome. The "Special Edition" will also feature the exclusive digital soundtrack and all prior rewards. Please feel free to check them both out below, and make sure you are spreading the word about how excited you are about the game itself! Only 8 days left to grab these awesome backer rewards! Anyone who preorders Whispering Willows at the $10 tier or more on Kickstarter will receive bonus content- an alternate outfit for the main character Elena! YOU the backers, get to decide which alt outfit will be available. Click here to vote for one of the outfits below! Poll closes Friday night at 8 PM! My pet tortoise, Chronos, was interested in helping promote the game, so he made a video for everyone. Enjoy! <url>’s range of motion, our player character becomes a little irrelevant and useless. We soon realized light preventing the ghost from moving forward, and conversely the darkness preventing the human player from moving, creates a far more dynamic puzzle design. Thus, we could now limit where either form of the player was allowed to be, creating areas that incorporate the ability to talk to ghosts and the ability to interact independently of one another, which added new layers of complexity to the game, which makes gameplay more engaging. Please check out our current demo here to see the light mechanic in action, and stay tuned for my next post on the design process! Game Designer Evan McAnulty Hello Kickstarter! We have just released a brand new teaser trailer showing off some of the beautiful art and animation the game will feature. We wanted to give you a feel of the overall atmosphere and style of the game. Please comment below and let us know what you think! David Logan We are pleased to reveal our second plushie, Flying Hawk! Flying Hawk is the first ghost Elena will encounter on her journey. Read more about Flying Hawk here . The plushie's staff has velcro so you can remove and reattach it! Just like Elena, each Flying Hawk plushie is custom and hand made, available to anyone who pledges $250 or more. At the $250 tier you get your choice of either Elena or Flying Hawk, and at $500 tiers and more, you will get both custom plushies! Special thanks to Erika for working so hard to create the ultimate Whispering Willows swag! Hello everyone, This is your official invitation to the live-show "Alive and Kicking" this Sunday! "Alive and Kicking" we will feature some of the coolest video-game projects on Kickstarter including "Whispering Willows" and David Logan! There will be chats with the creators, exclusive behind the scenes, and more! Please, spread the word, tell everybody about the show. The program and link to the stream can be found on <url>– 3:00PM (Whispering Willows 12:00-12:30 PM) EST (New York) 10:00AM – 6:00PM (Whispering Willows 03:00-03:30 PM) CET (Central Europe) 4:00PM – 11:59PM (Whispering Willows 09:00-09:30 PM) Thanks and see you there, David Logan Flying Hawk is the first ghost Elena encounters on her harrowing journey. Once the powerful shaman of a Native American tribe, Flying Hawk was murdered in cold blood by Wortham Willows and left to roam the beyond. To capture the essence of the character, I used a deep tribal drum pattern surrounded by eerie, misty pads. Flying Hawk's spirit is trapped outside his body, and his experience of the astral realm give him a greater understanding and therefore a deeper fear of his fate. This fear manifests sonically in the glassy, airy pads that wash over the primal drums. These pads are in fact the same drums, spectrally convolved and time stretched beyond recognition to create unnatural, disturbing sounds. The main melody is played on a wooden wind instrument with a very ancient and morose quality that embodies Flying Hawk's strong traditional roots as a shaman. Composer Steve Goldshein What is the truth of evil? Why does it exist? Where does it come from? These are just a few of the questions we considered while conceptualizing our antagonist Wortham Willows. We have in all of us the makings of hero and villain, savior and scoundrel. In tapping into our own deep, dark recesses may we find answers to these questions. From studying psychopaths to common miscreants to ourselves, we believe we've found the formula to what causes people to do bad, and Wortham Willows is himself the very compound of those reasons. Acting in the only way he knew how, Wortham committed some truly horrible acts in his life, but the any act is considered differently depending on what angle it is viewed. With this in mind, players will uncover the nasty secrets behind Wortham's actions, and may discover that our evil antagonist is perhaps more human than he may seem. Writer/Narrative Designer Kyle Holmquist Concept Artist/Illustrator Amanda Kiefer Whispering Willows was announced today as the OUYA Create Game Jam’s winner for the “Most Immersive” award! In total there were 166 games submitted for the game jam. Whispering Willows was also a finalist in “Pop Your Eyes Out” (best visuals) and the “Grand Prize.” We are incredibly honored and congratulate all the other finalists and contestants. Today we entered Whispering Willows in Steam's Greenlight program. Steam is one of the largest platforms to digitally distribute PC, Mac, and Linux games. They have a strong emphasis on indie games and if your game gets enough positive response from the Greenlight program, then they will place your game on their store. If you have a Steam account, please vote for us, favorite, and share with your friends. Note: In order to vote on Steam Greenlight you have to have purchased a game. They do this to prevent spam accounts from voting. We have nearly reached $5000, one third of our overall goal in a matter of days. Thank you guys so much. We couldn't have made it this far without your support. The winners for the OUYA Create contest are announced Monday, so cross your fingers for us! Have a great weekend! David Logan While conceptualizing Whispering Willows, we had a core mechanic but we didn't have a main character. Having interesting characters is one of the first steps to having an engaging, emergent story. With this in mind, we began considering what exactly we wanted in a main character. This was mid- 2012 when there was a lot of talk in the games industry regarding cookie-cutter characters that really only appealed to one audience: white males 18-35. We didn't want to make another Alex Shepard for people to play as. With such an individual driving story, you really only have the choice of a heroic, stalwart epic, and that's not what we wanted to go for, even from the start. So, we went ahead and began crafting an atypical character for the games world. We chose to make Elena, a young girl of mixed race that was more of a reluctant hero, pushed into the situation she must face. Going even further with trying to make the story of Whispering Willows unique, we didn't make Elena perfect – she has personal problems of her own that she'll have to get past in order to save her father. Overall, we really wanted to make an experience unparalleled to those others we primarily see in games, and we believe Elena is the key to doing that. Writer/Narrative Designer Kyle Holmquist Hello backers! This has always been one of my life goals to launch a Kickstarter . I have been waiting for this launch day since a few years ago when I joined. Our programmer teased, "shouldn't your goal be to launch a successful Kickstarter?" and that was just the inspiration I needed to begin. Launching a Kickstarter is the best way to give back to my team and make Whispering Willows a truly phenomenal game. On Monday it was announced by Killscreen Daily that Whispering Willows was a finalist in three categories for the OUYA Create Game Jam - "Grand Prize, most Immersive, and best Visuals! This was an incredible honor. I appreciate each and every one of you that has supported Night Light Interactive and helped us get closer to our goals. We launched today and we already raised $1000! I will be updating backers throughout the next month with behind the scenes interviews, progress updates, and rewards. If you haven't yet, play the Kickstarter demo here or on our main page! Thank you so much, share our Kickstarter, and help my team achieve our dreams! Creator of Whispering Willows David Logan