Following our statement on 18th November, this is an update on the course of the project and the usage of the funds during the ZANO project. Firstly, the board of directors would like to apologise for the lack of communication from the team following the last statement. We find ourselves in the position of having never pursued voluntary liquidation prior to the events of recent weeks, meaning that we have had to operate with caution to ensure that we have undertaken the correct procedural steps to wind up the company and are doing so with the best intentions. Financials and Trading Standards The pie chart below is a basic representation of the allocation of the funds utilised during the project in 2015. The figures presented are derived from our currently unaudited company accounts. We strongly refute any allegations made that may suggest that the board of directors have misappropriated any funds. We have received first contact from Trading Standards within Pembrokeshire County Council and will co-operate fully. Breakdown of expenditure Prototype amendments and the testing rig During the Kickstarter campaign certain upgrades were suggested, agreed and then implemented to the design. These upgrades represented technical challenges which added to an already complicated project. Ultimately these upgrades coupled with delays caused by the creation of a bespoke and automatic testing rig had significant financial and timeline impacts upon the project. Hardware expenditure Significant investment was made during the later development stages to provide improvements to the ZANO’s performance. The initial prototypes of the ZANO weighed approximately 55 grams whilst the production models including the upgrades mentioned earlier weighed 70 grams, an issue that had a repercussive effect upon the flight time of the ZANO. In order to combat the issue, lighter plastics and larger propellers were therefore procured to improve the flight time and overall performance. Manufacture of product Basic calibration between software and hardware was found to be successful during all prototype phases, however once the project moved forward into volume production, tolerances between these two vital aspects of the ZANO product has led to some unforeseen discrepancies and this resulted in difficulties calibrating the product in large volumes. This affected the basic performance of a high proportion of production units. This, coupled with the delays to the shipping dates and the extra costs incurred left the board with no option other than to wind up the project. Closing statement We would like to make a sincere apology for the understandable disappointment felt by all of those that have supported the project. We would like to reaffirm the significant efforts made by the board of directors and every employee of the company to try and bring this project to fruition and thank their unwavering commitment over the last 12 months. Good afternoon everyone, There have been many questions regarding the fulfilment schedule for ZANOs, my goal is to provide an accurate shipping update and timeline moving forward, as well as give an overview of the external and internal factors which have lead to this current shipping timeline. Our EMS (Electronic Manufacturing Service) has been by our side with this project since we launched on Kickstarter, they have done an admiral job in dedicating their resource to our project and ensuring the manufacturing process is as efficient as possible. Despite our best efforts to design a product conducive to volume manufacturing, in reality, there are always growing pains and teething problems when scaling up to volume production for any consumer electronic device, especially one as complex as ZANO. There are many unforeseen factors that have taken more time in the assembly process than we accounted for, however, we feel we have identified and found solutions for these issues that have held us back in allowing us to scale up to volume production. It should also be noted that at this point in time we have to dedicate our own internal resource to complete all of the final assembly, testing and fulfilment in house. With that being said, we are now in a position where our EMS can now provide us with 200 ZANOs per working day. Obviously 1,000 ZANOs per week. Our goal is to meet the supply from our EMS with our own internal resource and ensure we are in a position to assemble, test and fulfil 200 ZANOs per day moving forward. We now feel we have all of the internal and external processes in place for us to successfully dispatch 200 ZANO’s per day. We currently have one bottleneck, which is delaying shipment at the moment. The supply of the new, lighter plastics. We expect to receive a shipment of 2,400 Black plastics on the 2nd of November. However, this will not stop our EMS from shipping ZANOs to us ready for testing and as soon as the new plastics arrive on the 2nd of November, we will begin assembly and dispatch. A breakdown of our Assembly/Testing processes: Assembly The assembly process has previously been quite labor intensive, as we had to solder the motors ourselves, as well as conformal coat the motors and then fit the heavier plastics. Thanks to the efforts of our EMS, ZANOs will now arrive to us with motors fitted. Thomas has spent some time redesigning the plastics to allow for a more simple assembly process. We have timed the new process and we hope for one of our team members to assemble 12 - 15 ZANO’s per hour. We will have 2 members of the team on this for 1 x 8 hour shift 5 days per week. Averaging out at 1,000 ZANOs assembled per week. Testing The current testing process has been quite well documented; this has been a real bottleneck for us at the moment. Each test rig is able to test and calibrate 1 ZANO every 10 minutes. This means we are currently able to test 12 ZANO’s every hour. We currently have 2 test rigs operating 1 x 8 hour shift per day, which delivers approximately 96 ZANO’s per day. We will be running 2 x 8 hour shifts per day/night and we hope to be adding a 3rd test rig, which will increase our testing capacity further, moving forward. Our goal is to consistently test 200 ZANO’s daily until all ZANO’s have been dispatched. ZANO Shipping Timeline: As announced previously, we will maintain the fulfilment schedule for ZANOs based on colour. All Black ZANOs (Kickstarter rewards and pre-orders) will be dispatched first, we will then dispatch the rest in the following order: White, Glow in the dark, Red and Camouflage. (Full breakdown and timeline below). Firstly I will give a breakdown of the total number and colour of ZANO’s we have sold (Kickstarter Rewards and pre-orders): ZANO Black: 7,165 ZANO White: 5,427 ZANO GITD: 767 ZANO RED: 1,191 ZANO CAMOUFLAGE: 813 Total ZANOs: 15,363 *Please note, to date we have shipped approximately 600 Black ZANOs. 2nd November: Receive new lighter plastics. Begin assembling stockpiled 2,400 ZANO’s. 13th November: Complete dispatch of 3,000 ZANO Blacks (Including 600 already dispatched) 20th November: Complete dispatch of 4,000 ZANO Blacks (Including 3000 already dispatched) 27th November: Complete dispatch of 5,000 ZANO Blacks (Including 4000 already dispatched) 4th December: Complete dispatch of 6,000 ZANO Blacks (Including 5000 already dispatched) 11th December: Complete dispatch of 7,000 ZANO Blacks (Including 6000 already dispatched) 14th December: Complete dispatch of 7,165 ZANO Blacks (Including 7000 already dispatched) 14th December BLACK ZANO’s FINISHED SHIPPING 18th December: Complete dispatch of 1,000 ZANO Whites CHRISTMAS BREAK 8th January: Complete dispatch of 2,000 ZANO Whites (Including 1000 already dispatched) 15th January: Complete dispatch of 3,000 ZANO Whites (Including 2000 already dispatched) 22nd January: Complete dispatch of 4,000 ZANO Whites (Including 3000 already dispatched) 29th January: Complete dispatch of 5,000 ZANO Whites (Including 4000 already dispatched) 2nd February: Complete dispatch of 5,427 ZANO Whites (Including 5000 already dispatched) 2nd February WHITE ZANO’s FINISHED SHIPPING 5th February: Complete dispatch of 767 Glow In The Dark ZANO's 5th February GITD ZANO’s FINISHED SHIPPING 12th February: Complete dispatch of 1000 ZANO Reds 16th February: Complete dispatch of 1,191 ZANO Reds (Including 1000 already dispatched) 16th February RED ZANO’s FINISHED SHIPPING 19th February: Complete dispatch of 813 ZANO CAMOUFLAGE 19th February CAMOUFLAGE ZANO’s FINISHED SHIPPING These dates are intended to give you an approximation of when you will receive your ZANO. They may be subject to change. For better or worse, we will advise you of these changes. I know there will be some disappointment from our supporters knowing you will not receive your ZANO until after Christmas, however, our goal is to provide clear and accurate information and set expectations moving forward. We hope you all appreciate our candour on this matter and can get behind the team; we’re all working around the clock and making the most of the resource available to us to deliver ZANO to all of our supporters! Thank you, Reece Crowther Good morning everyone, Wow, what a few days. We thought we were busy before but things are really buzzing now. I apologise to all for not being present much on the forum in the last few days, as you can imagine, everyone here is working incredibly hard on Zano, from building Zano’s, to shipping, to app development, general R&amp;D, finance, admin, no one has stopped and everyone is completely committed to delivering this great little drone. We have had a few issues, some customers have experienced some issues and I am sure we will continue to see issues of all sorts but as a team, we are here to help all customers get the best from their Zano and will continue to improve the software, the app and the experience. That was our promise and that is what we are doing. You will also notice a big increase in overall communication coming. The <email> emails are now responded to very quickly, the huge backlog has been cleared. We listened to your complaints and suggestions and are working to improve how emails are handled, how we communication in general and the overall flow of information. We are going to start a newsletter via email to all Kickstarter backers and pre-order customers to give you the information you all want directly without the need to go looking for it. Please continue to be patient and supportive, we are a small team of highly dedicated individuals working literally day and night on this great little drone. Firstly, I would like to address some of the teething issues some of you are experiencing. With over 600 Zano’s out there we knew we would get a few issues. Currently, less than 10% of all Zano’s out there were reported to have some issues. Issue: The first and most common issue reported is what we call bunny hopping. This is when Zano launches then lands immediately or launches flies for a few seconds then lands. This is not a fault per say, just a sensitivity setting on the upwards IR sensor is too high. When Zano detects something in range of the upwards sensor, it resamples its current height –100mm and sets that as the new target. This is to prevent bumps into ceilings or the underside of desks etc. For those experiencing these bunny hops, we will release a sensitivity change in the next OS release to resolve this. Solution: Though only a temporary solution, if you fly your Zano outside in outdoor mode, this upwards function Issue: Zano launches but drifts badly when I don’t use the right hand paddle. Solution: This is caused by the centre of gravity being calculated incorrectly. We are working on a new calibration tool to allow you to completely calibrate your Zano to resolve this but for now, you need to follow the trimming instructions. Some of the CG profiles from the test rig are not 100% accurate and this causes a CG calculation error in Zano. This is a manufacturing issue but is easily adjusted from the users perspective. Firstly, check your propellers. Propeller vibration will cause bad drift in Zano as the vibration affects all inertial calculations. Secondly, please following the trimming instructions. Once you do both of these, your Zano will launch and the drift will be minimal, you can further tweak your trim values to get your drift to a very good level. Issue: Zano refuses to launch, motors do not spin. Solution: Zano runs a series of internal checks before allowing a launch. Once such check is that x,y,z calibration values are all non zero. If you swipe the control panel out from the left of the app and on the first icon scroll right to the bottom. You will see; Configured: True x: 000 y: 000 z: 000 The actual values for x,y,z will be different. If one of your values is 0, then this is an error in the calibration profile. Our new tool to fully calibrate your Zano will resolve this. If you do have this problem, please email your full details, serial number of Zano to <email> and we will see if in the mean time we can manually resolve each calibration profile. Issue: Zano lands automatically whenever it gets a few meters away from me. Solution: Zano lands on loss of communications, now this can be caused by a number of issues. WIFI range from your phone or tablet, app issues or a slow phone temporarily suspending the app. There isn’t much we can do about the phones WIFI apart from give you some tips. Most of the phones we have tested on have the WIFI antennas at the top of the phone near the speaker. Putting your hand anywhere near the antenna severely affects the WIFI range of many phones. Even from a high powered access point, the WIFI range is reduced markedly. Our suggestion for such phones is to use a range extender. On such phones, this will comfortably give you 10 times the range. See Netgear PR2000 for an example of the extender we use for troublesome phones. Right, that is the most common issues answered. Please know that we are working hard to resolve all the issues, improve manufacturing quality, overall consistency. I noticed a few questions over the past few days that I simply have not had time to answer personally, as such I will try and answer them here. Question: SDK, when and where? Answer: As a small team, the SDK library and examples have been written by one clever fellow (Robin). That same fellow is also hard at work in other areas so there was a delay in getting the library and examples published simply based on the number of hours we can keep him awake and coherent each day. He also doesn’t drink coffee so our options to keep him awake are limited. We are going to publish the first release of this today so the .DLL library file itself and some examples will be published, the header files etc you use will appear on our github. More information to follow as soon as it is up. Question: Team Zano, you have managed to create 8 different configurations of Zano. Small/large propers, lighter/original plastics, 450mAh/700mAh battery. Do these require software changes to support. Answer: Easy answer yes, but not from your point of view. Zano is adjusted and tuned via each software release to cope with all situations. Including thin air in high altitudes, different weights, battery chemistry changes. As you report issues, we will improve the tuning and configuration to handle all scenarios without your direct involvement. So stick with us and feed back any issues so we can adapt and improve the overall drone tuning. Now onto some new news, is that grammatically correct, I suppose old news is valid so new news should also be. Anyway, I digress. We have a new app coming out for Android and iOS. The Free flight app is also in the pipeline for iOS but as a larger app, it is taking some time. As such, we are working on a special new function that we believe will be ideal for most Zano users and it will be available on Android and iOS very very shortly. We are also working on a new calibration tool. Zano has hundreds of internal configuration options exposed through the API. Now this is of no interest to most of you but are we going to make the calibration tool source code available for developers to allow them to not only see how to calibrate Zano but also the options that are available. Obviously your use of this code is going to be under usual open source rules but by opening this up, we hope the developers out there will see the huge potential of the Zano framework itself and start making really cool apps to further extend its capabilities. We will have an official release of this tool initially for Microsoft Windows very soon, at this point, you will need to properly calibrate your Zano to get the best experience when using it. This calibration is also required for the new app I mentioned. Details of that to follow. So in summary, we are well into a long and hard journey but making fantastic progress. Yes there are teething issues but nothing we can’t handle. We are as committed now as we were when we started and are making huge inroads into the ultimate capability Zano hardware is capable of. Thank you all for your continued support and patience. Kind Regards, Ivan Hi everybody, We’re happy to announce that the FlyZANO App has now been officially released on the Google Play Store and the ZANO registration process is open. For users who have downloaded the old app, there will be a link on the old registration page pointing to the new app. Due to the app amendments that have been made, it is crucial that you have the latest version of the app in order to fly effectively! We have a support page on our website with loads of supporting documents, such as our ZANO User Manual, available for you here: <url>’s a timely reminder of the ZANO Flight School videos that we’ve created to help assist you whilst you get to grips with using your ZANOs! These are a great aid for maximising your flight experience by providing tutorials all the way through from the set-up and registration process to how to utilise the different flight modes of the ZANO. Just follow the link for a host of great videos: <url>’ orders as quickly as possible. All backers will be emailed with a notification once their order has been dispatched. As previously stated, delivery will be dependent upon your position in the order list, the colour that you’ve ordered and the lead-time of delivering to your shipping address. We’re also happy to announce that we have now received our White and Glow-in-the-Dark ZANO plastics and these should be going into production in the near future, we’ll provide you all with a timeline soon! I will put a picture up of them as soon as possible! Best regards, Joe, Team ZANO Hi everybody, As the distribution process has now begun, we thought that we would take this opportunity to provide you with an update on the fulfilment expectations. The test rig is operating excellently and we are beginning to develop a steady stream of ZANOs that have passed the testing process and are ready for shipping. Shipping has begun and we currently have 250 units that the team are busy packaging and labelling for delivery and we anticipate that these will be in transit very soon. Once the team have packaged and shipped all of the units that are currently built here, we will be continuing to increase the volume of ZANOs that we are shipping as we receive them from our EMS provider. The Android app is currently being fine-tuned by the development team at present; we will spend time testing it thoroughly to ensure that it’s ready to provide you all with the level of performance that we all want to see. Once we have completed the testing period we will be releasing it for you all via the Google Play Store. We’re also pleased to announce the ‘ZANO Flight School’ tutorials that our Media Producer has been developing! This will be a series of walkthrough videos providing you with advice on getting to grips with your ZANO. Our tutorials will vary from registering your ZANO, to flying it both indoors and outdoors, calibrating your ZANO and telling you all more about functions such as the Obstacle Avoidance System. We’ll be releasing these soon and they should be well worth a watch! We will continue to provide updates on the development of the shipping process and the apps as they progress. Thank you to everybody for the continued support with the project! Regards, Joe, Team ZANO Hi everybody, This is a brief announcement to say that after Tuesday evening we will be unable to change any more shipping addresses, as we will be sending our database to our shipping agent. If you need to change your shipping address, please be sure to contact the team at <email> before this point! If you do need to change your address then please be sure to select an address that you can be certain that your order can be safely delivered to and received at, potentially with a friend, relative or neighbour. Regards, Joe, Team ZANO Hi all, The team is very happy to announce to all of our North American backers that we have just received notification that ZANO has now been given full FCC approval! For those interested, our FCC Identifier is 2AE23-ZANO1 and is in the name of Torquing Robotics Ltd. The team is still awaiting our IC (Industry Canada) approval, but this will hopefully be coming through very shortly and we’ll be sure to provide you all with an update on this too! Have a great weekend guys! Regards, Joe, Team ZANO Hey everyone, For those backers that aren’t on the Forums, I thought I'd provide a more detailed overview with regards to what you can expect the delivery schedule to look like! The team are set to begin the bulk of deliveries on 18th September and will be shipping by ZANO colour, the backer’s position in the pledger/pre-order list (we will be fulfilling on a ‘first come, first served’ basis) and by the region that the order will be shipped to. The following information is regarding the bulk of the ZANO orders: • We will begin dispatching the bulk of ZANO Blacks to the UK, EU, APAC and the rest of the world (predominantly South America and Africa) by the tail end of next week. • We will then begin dispatching ZANO Blacks to the USA and Canada slightly after this. The minor delay for the US and Canada has been caused by delays in our FCC and IC certification. The delays were caused by some missing information from one of our suppliers; this caused some additional questions from our certification body. We believe this has since been resolved and we are waiting on the certification to arrive. This is unlikely to impact the shipping times of the other colours to Canada and the USA. • Following this, we will begin dispatching ZANO Reds, Whites and Glow in the Darks (we’ll be sure to provide clearer dates in the near future) • The ZANO Camouflage will be shipped last due to the difficulty in colouring the plastics. There is potential that they could be shipped in time to coincide with the other colours, but there are sadly no guarantees with regards to this. We will be shipping Kickstarter and pre-orders of the colours together. For example, we will be shipping Kickstarter ZANO Blacks (by position in the backer list) to the UK, EU, APAC and the rest of the world first, followed by the pre-ordered ZANO Blacks (by position in the pre-order list) to the UK, EU, APAC and the rest of the world, followed by Kickstarter and then pre-ordered ZANO Blacks to the USA and Canada etc. This decision has been made as it is the most time, space and cost efficient format for shipping items, rather than the team waiting until after all Kickstarter pledges have been delivered before fulfilling pre-ordered items, which would result in us having to hold onto a significant amount of stock. We would like to stress that this is simply a by-product of the manufacturing process. This will not result in a knock-on effect on the delivery time of Kickstarter orders as it is a first come, first served process and Kickstarter pledges will therefore be prioritised, whilst shipping one colour of ZANO pre-orders won’t be detrimental to the manufacturing and delivery time of the next pre-order colour. We intend on delivering our orders through Royal Mail and tracking them internally, we should be able to provide updates on peoples' orders on request. With fulfilment beginning and us drawing nearer to the end stages of the project, we thought this would be an excellent opportunity for us to introduce you all to the ‘Community’ section of our brand new website. We love the engaging backer-creator dynamic that no platform could provide like Kickstarter and we would love to see this continue beyond the Kickstarter campaign. If you’re interested in joining our community, a place where the team and backers discuss all things ZANO, then please follow the link provided and sign up: <url>’s also across social media: <url>’ve also released a neat video displaying ZANO’s ability to take-off and land from the user’s hand, which you can find at the bottom! Regards from the team! -Joe, Team ZANO <url>’s a quick video showing off some of the work that’s being done in our warehouse as we begin the distribution process for delivering ZANOs to our backers. Following the five ZANOs shipped on Friday, we shipped a small batch of three ZANOs yesterday and have received confirmation from the recipient that they were successfully delivered. We will be continuing to ship the 100 ZANOs that we have made up here before bulk shipping begins on 18th September with our EMS Provider. We’ll continue to update you all with our progress as we approach mass shipping of your orders! Best regards, Joe, Team ZANO <url>’ve also developed new propellers with the intention of being more befitting of the capabilities that ZANO is designed to provide. These will help to offset some of the flight time lost due to the increase in ZANO’s weight. The new propellers will be provided to all backers as standard. We are expecting to receive the propellers the week commencing 14th September, so it is anticipated that shipping will begin on the 18th September for all Kickstarter rewards and Pre-orders. The Android App will be available to download from Google Play Store in the next seven days, development of the iOS is still continuing and we hope this will be available by the end of month but we will keep you updated with its progression! Thanks, Emma Lewis Hi All, Our head of Android development, Alex (seen in previous videos), just filmed an app walkthrough with Tim. I think they've both done a great job and the video gives a nice insight into the ZANO experience you can expect from the Android App. Subscribe to our ZANO Care YouTube Channel where we'll be adding more feature videos on how to use your ZANO! <url>"Free flight" mode. Apologies for the somewhat dodgy audio, hopefully the imagery will speak for itself. It should be noted we film most of these videos in a cavernous, empty warehouse, which really does have a bunch of echo. In the walk through video released yesterday you can actually quantify the level of echo from my voice. Next video we'll shoot in a carpeted, more regular indoor environment. I'm not saying ZANO is whisper quiet by any stretch, however I don't think the warehouse gives the right impression. I know yesterday I said I would change from "photo mode" to "video mode" to allow for a faster FPV stream. However, hands up, I completely forgot!! However, I'm planning on filming ZANO in a carpeted area, not a cavernous warehouse, which hopefully should give an accurate depiction of ZANO's noise output. I will also make sure ZANO is in "video mode" which will show the faster FPV stream. Anyway! Here's the obstacle avoidance video and I have also added yesterday's video incase anyone missed it. Regarding the SDK (for the developers out there), see link to the SDK. www.torquinggroup.com/zanosdk/ Any questions on the SDK are best addressed over at the ZANO forums: www.torquinggroup.com/forum/ Again, if you want to get in contact with me directly, best option is twitter. @reece_crowther <url>’s a real buzz here at ZANO HQ as we approach shipping, we can’t wait to get your ZANOs out to you guys. By now, every single one of our backers should have received their survey. We sent this as an e-mail to the address you used to pledge for your ZANO. We have had 9,000+ responses to the survey, which is an absolutely fantastic response. However, we need the final 3,000 ASAP. If you haven't received your survey, please check the inbox/junk mail folder of the e-mail address you used to pledge for ZANO. A follow-up e-mail is going to be sent out this week to the 3,000 we haven't heard from. Please bear in mind, the quicker you get us your details, the quicker we can ship you your ZANO. There's a few housekeeping items that need to be addressed, as some procedures we have previously announced have had to change for the sake of optimising efficiency of the order/reward fulfilment process. I advised in update #20 that after you completed the survey, we would automatically create an account for you on FlyZANO.com and you would then be able to place an order for any extras and they would be consolidated as one shipment with your Kickstarter pledge reward. However, we quickly learned (due to incompatibility of our eCommerce platform) the only way for this to work was to have one of our team manually enter 12,000+ Kickstarter pledge rewards as orders, potentially causing delays and opening up a margin for error. Obviously this not being acceptable, we have decided to take another option, which we hope won't affect any of our backers adversely. So what does this mean? We are now not in a position to consolidate your orders on FlyZANO.com and your Kickstarter pledge reward. Any extras you order on FlyZANO.com will be shipped separately. We will, however, honour our promise of a £10 discount code at FlyZANO.com on orders over £50. As we are not shipping with your Kickstarter pledge reward, this code will be active until the 30th of June. These codes will be e-mailed out to you shortly. You may go ahead and create your own account on FlyZANO.com . So in summary regarding the surveys, account creation, discount codes. If you have filled out your survey, all you need to do now is sit tight and wait for your ZANO to be shipped to you! If you wish to add any extras, these will be shipped separately. If you are a backer who "over-pledged", we will be contacting you shortly with more information. Please note: As we are using registered shipping, we CANNOT ship to PO Boxes. So please bear that in mind when filling out your survey. There's only a couple of backers who have specified a PO Box and Tim will be contacting you this week requesting an alternative shipping address. One last thing guys. We have received a number of requests from backers wishing to change the colour of their ZANO or pledge reward. Please understand, at this stage, logistically this is extremely difficult for us. It's doable, however, please be advised there will be significant delays on us shipping your ZANO if you do go ahead with the change. There was a lot to cover, so I hope this didn't drag on too much! I will provide a development update in the next week or so and we hope to have Creating ZANO Part 7 ready for you shortly. We hope to have a firm shipping date in the next couple of weeks. However, we cannot confirm the shipping date until the various certification process have been approved (EMC, FCC, UL, etc.). Rest assured, these are well underway. We, of course, will keep you updated on these certifications. Thanks and my very best regards, Reece Crowther @reece_crowther Hi Guys, For all of those developers out there interested in delving deeper into ZANO's SDK, please see the 14 minute extended cut below. Enjoy! <url>"Survey" as it is commonly referred to. Unlike other Kickstarter projects (and much like everything we do here at Team ZANO), we have decided to build and host our own data collection tool. We have over 12,000 backers, which is a lot of information to gather and process. It was important for us to capture and process this information in the most efficient way possible, to allow for minimal manual data handling on our end, as well as allow for a seamless "survey" experience for all of our backers. Ok, so I will now outline the "survey" process, I have attached screenshots at the end of this post! In the first week of May, we will be sending all of our Kickstarter backers an e-mail with a unique link, which will direct you to a webpage to register your shipping address and other details with us. Here you can also change the e-mail address you would like to be contacted on in future. Upon completion of this form, your shipping address will be in our database. We advise that you choose an address in which you are certain someone will be available to collect the package in June. If you are uncertain of your whereabouts in June, why not get your ZANO shipped to a friend or relatives house? After this information has been processed, you will then have an account created for you on FlyZANO.com . Another e-mail will be sent to you to create your password for your account on FlyZANO.com . 10% of our backers decided to "over-pledge" above and beyond a Kickstarter reward tier amount, in reward for receiving extra ZANOs, cases, batteries, etc. It was important our backers had a great experience when allocating their "over-pledged" funds. So, once you create your password for your FlyZANO.com account, if you were an "over-pledged" backer, the amount you "over-pledged" will be available as credit on your FlyZANO.com account. *Note: All of our backers (even if you didn't over-pledge) will receive a FREE £10 shipping discount to be used in our FlyZANO.com store. All backers will also be in a special "Kickstarter Backers" group on FlyZANO.com , which allows you to purchase all items in our store at discounted "Kickstarter Backer" prices. You will have until the 31st of May to use this free £10 shipping code. We obviously must put a time limit on the use of this code, as we will need to consolidate any extras ordered through FlyZANO.com and your Kickstarter pledge reward. So just to recap: 1. You will be sent an e-mail to register you shipping address with us. 2. Once you have registered your shipping address with us, an account at FlyZANO.com will be created for you. 3. An e-mail will then be sent to you to create a password for your FlyZANO.com account. 4. If you "over-pledged" on Kickstarter, the amount will be available as credit on the FlyZANO.com store. 5. All accounts will receive a FREE £10 shipping discount for FlyZANO.com , if you wish to add any extra ZANOs, cases, batteries, props, etc. to consolidate with your Kickstarter reward shipment! I hope this all makes sense. We will begin sending out these e-mails the first week in May! So keep an eye out. I will also be providing all of our BETA Testers with an update before the end of April. Thanks and Best Regards, Reece Crowther @reece_crowther Hi Guys, I thought now would be a good time to provide quick update to let you all know exactly where we're at in our timeline for June delivery for all of our ZANO backers! The final iteration of ZANOs PCB flight frame arrived yesterday! (Images below) It was delivered to Camtronics this morning to be loaded, we expect to receive the assembled board back from Camtronics on Monday the 20th. At which point we'll be in a position to validate our latests mods of the flight frame PCB. Our goal with the modifications on this iteration was to increase the electronic noise immunity, as well as reduce the operating voltage of the main electronic circuitry in order to further optimise the flight time. After many hours of testing and refining our previous PCBs, we are confident the changes we have made will be 100% effective and this will be our final PCB iteration, allowing us to move onto the the "pilot" build of 500 ZANOs at the end of the month. We have spoken about the "pilot" build before, however, this is an important part of the manufacturing process. The pilot build allows for us to accurately measure the consistency of our manufacturing and quality control processes, as well as giving us vital information allowing for us an opportunity to optimise the efficiency of our manufacturing line prior to moving into mass-production of ZANO. With over 30 years of experience in manufacturing consumer electronics, the wealth of knowledge Camtronics has brought to the table has been vital in ensuring that we have preempted any potential hiccups that may occur in the manufacturing process and may slow us down. For anyone interested, there will be a Creating ZANO short documentary on this process. My apologies for the delay in releasing Creating ZANO Part 6. The development team here at ZANO are focused on their respective development timelines. It is important at this critical stage that I let the developers do what they do best, develop. There's much work to be done in order to be ready for our June release, so I would rather let the guys crack on and build an amazing SDK and user interface and leave the filming until when time for filming is more in abundance. That being said, filming has begun and we are scheduled for flight filming on Tuesday (21st). We will be showcasing the way in which we can design a simple application through the SDK to control the flight characteristics of ZANO. The rest of Creating ZANO Part 6 will focus on the SDK and the communication protocol which allows developers to be able to interact and develop applications for ZANO. Along with the SDK, we will also be releasing an Emulator and physics engine, allowing for developers to create real-world environments and control ZANOs behaviour within them, virtually. Meaning developers can write applications for ZANO in the environment they create virtually, confident this will be replicated on a physical "real-world" ZANO (I have attached some images of the emulator below.) From the hardware, to the user interface, to the packaging! Everyone here at Team ZANO is 100% focused on delivering the very best ZANO experience to all of our Kickstarter backers come June. We really can't wait to get your ZANOs and experience all amazing moments you guys will capture with ZANO. From everyone here at Team ZANO, thank you for the continued support and rest easy in the fact that none of us here are getting much rest ensuring that we deliver an amazing ZANO experience to you all on time!! Thanks and Best Regards, Reece Crowther @reece_crowther Hi Guys! I thought I would take a minute to share a photo update of of ZANOs (slightly) new design aesthetic and features. We have incorporated a durable yet simple, three position, "click-in" tiltable camera solution, that allows ZANO to capture images and videos at 10, 20 and 30 degree angles, allowing even more freedom to capture your moments, your way. Thomas has been working closely with our plastics manufacturer to find a solution that not only provides adequate protection for ZANO sophisticated internals, it must also be extremely lightweight. Every gram we save on ZANO, means extra flight time. We are happy to announce that with the new plastic compounds and some small design iterations, we have saved 4 grams. Now it might not sound a lot, but please bear in mind, ZANO only weighs 55 grams! Please also see an image showcasing the difference between the latest iteration of ZANOs PCB, complete with MicroSD (which will be used for production) and the prototype ZANO which has been used for development. *Please note that Sonar had not been loaded on the latest iteration in the bottom or top photos on the right. Again guys, we are all so excited and humbled to have such great support from the ZANO community. Right now, we're working hard and burning the midnight oil, so if updates are somewhat sparse over the next couple of weeks, rest assured everyone at Team ZANO is working their tails off ensuring we hit our June deadline for shipping! (Which we are right on target for.) With that being said, We begin filming Creating ZANO - Part 6 next week, which I know you are all excited to see. Thanks and Best Regards, Reece Crowther @reece_crowther Hi Guys! I thought it would be a nice idea to touch base with you all and give you a brief update as well as share some footage of the ZANO display at Embedded World. Things have been moving swiftly at camp ZANO, The final loaded pre-production PCB iteration's arrived at our facility last Friday (20th February) and Ivan and the R&amp;D team have been working diligently to test and ensure every component is in order for our full-production build! The good news, so far everything is as operational and no unexpected hiccups have occurred! So we're on track to commission a pilot build of 500 units at the end of March. We will be making a creating ZANO video for this process, however, it is essentially optimise the efficiency of our manufacturing process. OK. One other piece of house-keeping, we are in the process of working through all of our backers pledges and corresponding rewards. Some of our backers over-pledged for certain reward tiers as they wanted to secure extra ZANO's/cases/etc. We need to compile the database of the over-pledged backers, and make contact to ascertain exactly what rewards and packages each backer desired for their pledged amount. The good news, is that Anna and her team are making great progress compiling the database. This process should be completed shortly. After we have made contact with all of the "over-pledged" backers and we have their desired reward packages in marked. We will then be in a process to ascertain exactly how many Camouflage/GITD ZANO's are still available and we'll list these for sale on www.flyzano.com . We will also then be in a position send out the survey to all of our backers for shipping address etc. We will also be providing you all with a free £10 shipping coupon code at www.flyzano.com , as well as creating a special VIP group for our backers that allows you all to purchase extras (cases, batteries, props) at the advertised price throughout our Kickstarter for life. Obviously, if you decide the purchase extras at the discounted price, these will be shipped with your Kickstarter reward. So we have been at Embedded World in Germany for the past 3 days supporting our friends over at Lantronix. We created a ZANO display that showcases the functionality and capability of their xPico WiFi module. This is essentially the module that allows ZANO to be controlled by your smart device (or any WiFi enabled device, laptop, etc.). Please keep an eye out for Creating ZANO Part 6, in which we will be focusing on ZANO's SDK and showcasing just how easy it is for you to write your own Apps for ZANO. Don't worry! We're going to be building awesome Apps for ZANO as well for you guys!! I hope you all enjoy the video! <url>£139 or above to apply. Once we close registration, we will randomly select 3 applicants to receive a free glow in the dark limited edition. Forum We now have a forum up and running. Please help us build the Zano community by using the forum, posting questions and assisting others. <url>£5) Extended flight time battery (£7.50) Spare set of black, white or red propellers (£2.50) Spare set of GITD propellers (£8) Standard case (£15) Non LE ZanoFuel (£25) Zano Kickstarter Backer Polo Shirt (£25) - We will publish some options for artwork and run a survey to decide which to run with. Zano Kickstarter Backer T-Shirt (£20) - We will publish some options for artwork and run a survey to decide which to run with. After Kickstarter finishes, these items excluding the shirts will be available on the www.flyzano.com store at retail prices. If you want any of these items, please adjust your pledge and we will collect the information about what you items you want during the survey process after the campaign completes. Thank you to you all and my best regards, Ivan Reedman, Director of Research and Development <url>£139 or above as you need to own a Zano to be a beta-tester. CES Zano is being exhibited at CES. The guys would love to see you all there! So drop by and say hello! They will be at booth 25621! Thanks and My best regards to you all! Ivan Reedman, Director of Research and Development <url>é's, as well as a few surprises from us at Team ZANO. Tickets to attend the event will be £100. This includes champagne on arrival as well as canapé's throughout the night. For £250 you will get champagne on arrival, canapé's throughout the night, as well as a double room to stay for the night! If you are planning on bringing a +1, this will be £350 Tickets to the event are strictly limited to 200 places. Tickets will be available for purchase on flyzano.com on the 9th of January. We can't wait to meet you all, on what promises to be a night of fun, drinks, food and surprises! ZANO RED Entering the final week of the campaign, we thought what better way to celebrate than to release one last colour version of ZANO. ZANO RED! ZANO Red will be at the same price point as the White and Black ZANOs. ZANO Red will come with a Limited Edition Red Carry Case as well as a ZANOfuel charging stick. Like all other pledge reward levels, ZANO Red will also be shipped with two (2) batteries and two (2) complete sets of propellers. CES We will be exhibiting at CES. We would love to see you all there! So drop by and say hello! We will be at booth 25621! Thanks and My best regards to you all! Reece Crowther, Head of Marketing <url>"share the load". There are a few standouts (you know who you are) and your constant willingness to be a vital contributing part of this community is absolutely amazing and very much appreciated!! Ben - Kickstarter Reviews has taken it upon himself to go through all 1,000 comments and ascertain the most frequently asked questions and compile a database of Ivan's replies to these questions. The database can be found here: <url>#!zano/cwod As Ivan has mentioned, we will be launching a forum for the ZANO community shortly! I will provide more details in my next update. <url>£139 will be shipped with two batteries and two sets of propellers. Creating ZANO Part 3 will be released this Wednesday! 17/12/2014 <url>£215. Included in this package will be 1 x spare battery, 1 x spare set of propellers, 1 x micro USB charging cable, 1 x ZANOfuel charging stick. You will also receive FREE capability updates for 12 months. Once again guys, your support has been absolutely amazing. We love reading every comment, message and suggestion. We are continuing to do our best to reply to all of these messages in a timely fashion. So keep 'em coming! We hope you enjoy the new reward level! Best Regards, Reece Crowther, Head of Marketing. <url>£125,000 goal! This means, we are going to production! I thought now would be a good time to introduce you to our British EMS (Electronic Manufacturing Service). See part 2 of our documentary series "Creating ZANO" below to meet the guys behind the company who will be manufacturing your ZANOs! <url>"In-App" purchases of new and exciting capabilities for ZANO hardware, as we develop it. Eg. When we release an app for acrobatic capability or swarming for ZANO, this will be offered to you through the ZANO app as an "In-App" purchase. Note: All of our Kickstarter backers will receive 12 months free capability updates. We are hoping all of our stretch goals are achieved and the capabilities are available to you all very shortly after launch! MicroSD - Yes we can! Many of you have been asking for an onboard MicroSD recording facility. Head of Research and Development, Ivan Reedman has looked into the feasibility of incorporating such additional hardware. Starting by looking into ways of rearranging components on the circuit board, in order to allocate enough space to fit the MicroSD cradle, as well as critical placement of sensitive components in view of this addition. The good news is, it is possible. We will include the MicroSD cradle and supporting hardware as standard on ZANO. However, the firmware functionality to support this has been added to the £1,000,000 stretch goal. As referenced above, regardless if this stretch goal is reached, we will be building the firmware to support the hardware, it will simply be an "In-app" update for your ZANO. Batteries for everyone! You asked, and we have listened! Every reward for pledges above and including £139 will be shipped with a spare battery! Additional spare batteries will be available from flyzano.com after launch. Carry Cases - Now Available for Early-Bird Pledges We want to create a "Limited Edition" carry case to commemorate ZANO's launch on Kickstarter. This carry case is to be limited to 1000 pieces only, and will never be reproduced. This case will be made from premium quality materials and will include a docking station for your ZANOfuel charging stick as well as for a spare battery. We had then planned to release a "Standard" case after launch, which could be purchased through our online store on flyzano.com for the price of £25 However due to overwhelming demand , we have decided to release this "Standard" case now. For a total of £164 (inc shipping) we will ship the early-bird ZANO with the "Standard" case. This does not include the ZANOfuel charging stick. However, it will include a spare battery. As it's a little earlier than expected, we do not yet have the 3D renderings of this case. However, it is in a similar "clam shell" style of the limited edition case. The materials are a little less fancy, however, this will still provide an ultra lightweight yet durable protective carrying solution for your ZANO. So if you want this standard case, simply upgrade your pledge! The rewards have been adjusted to reflect this. See below an image of ZANOfuel connected to ZANO. The image of ZANO in this shot was intended to not only show ZANOfuel and how it connects to charge ZANO's battery on board, but also our give an insight to how ZANO looks without any shell or motors! Pretty neat huh? Double sided, stacked PCB's. ZANOfuel: Will charge ZANO's battery in less than 30 minutes, 4 to 5 times per charge of the stick. minutes. 2200mAh. Packaging To give an idea of the packaging we are going to ship a standard ZANO in (without carry case). See below. A nice sturdy, thick cardboard box. Obviously there will be laser cut foam for ZANO to fit snugly in, to avoid any bumps in shipping! We are working hard to address additional comments and suggestions! Please do not hesitate to get in contact with us. The campaign will be updated to reflect these changes. Again, thanks for all the support in bringing ZANO to life. Every like, share and pledge goes a long way! Thanks and Best Regards, Reece <url>"windowing", which through software, allows a user to pan and tilt the captured image to get the desired angle and frame. We are currently in discussions with our camera supplier to source the same camera with a fish eye lens, which will allow for a wider field of view and subsequently allow the "windowing" to greater degrees of freedom! Any zoom on a camera this size will be digital. Due to WiFi bandwidth restrictions the video resolution will be restricted to 720p, the camera itself is actually 1080p 60 fps. In future software updates we hope to get closer to 1080p, however, for right now we will be sticking to 720p! Thanks! Reece