We have traveled from N. America to Hong Kong to Shenzhen and to our production facility in Guanlan. We have spent every waking moment juggling meetings with packaging, wiring, lenses, and all of the other parts that make up ZOpro. Things are coming together and we are making final tweaks along the way to make sure that the you will be satisfied after the long wait. The small changes including off colors and some minor fit issues should all come together about the same time when we get the first final ZOpro's assembled and approved next week. I plan to stay until assembled units are being put into the packages and Patrick (above) lives in Shenzhen and will continue to oversee assembly, packing and shipping once I head back. (red is way off and being corrected) The package above is a mock up and the final boxes will be printed with foil stamped logos and some unique textures. The boxes should be ready about the time the final ZOpro's are being assembled and then we will be off to the races. It's been a long wait and we have made plenty of mistakes but learned to much in the process. We want to let all of you know how much we appreciate your patience and your support and want to thank you for making the whole experience possible. Another update will be posted when we start assembly and shipping. Team ZOpro Hi Everyone. This is just a short update as we are getting ready to head over to China this week and bring ZOpro home! Everything about the case really has exceeded our expectations and we really love the soft touch exterior on the final version. It's simply luxurious. Keep in mind that the case here is shown without the metal parts. Those are being made right now and will be confirmed upon arrival with the cable and other parts for assembly. We had a small issue on how difficult it was to push the bottom and the top together. It's just a slight modification and our supplier is working that out now. That is the first item that will be confirmed so they can start producing the quantities we need for assembly and fulfillment. We will be sending out surveys this week before boarding the plane. One of the options you will be given is to choose pre-production packaging or final packaging. We are offering this option to backers who just want to get their ZOpro as soon as possible and don't really care if the packaging is final. It may only make a difference of ten days or so but everything counts. We will also be getting color request along with address confirmations and other house keeping items. As far as delivery date for shipping we will update you all on that during the trip when we have confirmed all of the parts. Boxes for US Backers will be shipped by air in bulk and most of the international orders will be shipped directly from China. And we will be sending along some shots of the factory where ZOpro is made as well. Our goal is to get them out as soon as possible but we need to make sure overall quality is a priority. Will be updating again soon! Team ZOpro Hello Everyone! It's been a month since our last update and finally we have the injection molded photos. These samples are in black with the soft touch coating and we think they look great. Two sets are on the way from Asia and we will be confirming them so we can start full production. and there is more! We have been shooting with and testing the new ZOpro lenses for the past couple of weeks. The quality seems to be better than any of the magnetic lenses we have used up to this point and the finish is amazing (especially on the fisheye) with the chrome on black. Keeping it short because we have a lot going on right now. We will be updating again when we get other significant parts in the coming days. We also have some exciting news that may also effect ZOpro Backers in a positive way and you could be getting an update regarding that in the next 24 hours. Thank you to our Asian expediter for taking such great photos. Many times when we get photos from the factory we have to wait to shoot the parts in hand because the photos are pretty bad. Thanks so much for your patience and support! Joe and Team ZOpro What a great experience it has been. All of the positive comments and messages about ZOpro have been great motivation for our team. We tried to respond to every single message and comment that we received and hope that we did not miss anyone along the way. Most of us are spending our time pushing suppliers and moving production forward so we can get a quality product into your hands in a timely manner. Updates regarding production will be coming as we have news and photos that will interest all of you. Gift Cards for ALL ZOpro Backers If you are planning on giving a ZOpro as a gift and want something to wrap or put in a stocking for a late gift you should sign up for our free gift cards. Go to the contact page on our website <url>"Upgrade Proof" package seems to fit. Kickstarter does not allow Multiples but this is what they consider a reasonable pair. $70 Reward Everything in the original ZOpro iPhone 5 Reward ($50 Sold Out) Plus an iPhone 4/4S (case only) To Change your reward: Visit the project page and click “Manage Your Pledge.” To change your reward, make a new selection. Note that changing your reward selection does not automatically change your pledge amount. So make sure you adjust your pledge accordingly. Thank's again for all of your support!