The Ultimate Powerhouse PATENT PENDING : UTILITY & DESIGN PATENT PLAY Life goes on with CHARLIE Your HERO on the GO! 12-in-1Connect CHARLIE has 9 USB Ports and 3 Outlets that safely charges your precious devices while protecting from electrical surges. Charge UP with CHARLIE This all-in-one charger features a built-in nightlight. Ideal for home, work and travel. CHARLIE is your MVP at work or on the road traveling Sturdy construction, design engineering and compact size makes CHARLIE a powerhouse hero you can’t live without. PLAY OUR STORY Charlie was born out of necessity. While traveling across the United States on business, Adam Badawy and his wife were constantly on the road and frustrated that hotels, airports and most offices were so outdated and limited with plugs. They could never charge all their devices quickly enough. Somewhere between San Francisco and San Diego, CHARLIE was conceived with the idea that an intelligent design can look stylish and functional. Original Concept Sketch in 2014 CHARLIE soon became an obsession. Long nights and many design drafts and the first 3D blue prints started coming to life. The first 3D Image The excitement was building to see how small we can build this powerhouse! Preliminary 3D Expanded Blueprint And then in 2015 the First Prototype was made in White 1st CHARLIE Prototype in early 2015 Continuous Testing 24/7 Though it was beautiful, Adam Badawy wanted it to be smaller and went back to the drawing board and worked closer with engineers to get CHARLIE smaller, lighter and more narrow. Non-Stop Design Meetings with Engineers Another 6 months of constant all-nighters and a few dozen prototypes with different features. Our first prototype was a UNIVERSAL adapter/converter that we hope to introduce Late September-October to our KICKSTARTER backers. For this introductory debut, we opted with the smallest possible design for our domestic North American (US & CANADA) market. That is why we kept working with engineers to get CHARLIE as small as possible. We knew CHARLIE had to be Hand-size and Handsome, if we may so ourselves! More Prototypes in Various Colors Fits in your Palm, Your Purse & Suitcase And then? The breakthrough in technology and design! Aesthetic Design with Intelligent Efficiency Where we are now and what's next After 2 years worth of engineering development and testing we now have a highly functional and performing lab prototype. currently we're working closely with the factory manufacturers to prepare the production setup, and finalize materials and components for the mass manufacturing. Connect CHARLIE is so close to completion and delivery! The manufacturer is finalizing the casting of the Connect CHARLIE high-grade injection mold construction. Now… they are just waiting for the green light to continue. We are also so excited to introduce CHARLIE in these sophisticated colors. Sleek Black Stand Out Red USB Cords can't resist CHARLIE That is where YOU come in! Your generous support for Connect CHARLIE Provides: 60% = Final Phase of Connect CHARLIE Manufacturing 20% = Creative Design of Connect CHARLIE Packaging 10% = Shipping Connect CHARLIE Orders 10% = Marketing and Advertising Connect CHARLIE What started as a VISION... Charlie Today...... Designs for Packaging begin now Connect CHARLIE ports neatly arranged to minimize clutter, saving space efficiently. Boost UP anywhere - PROTECT & CHARGE conveniently! PACKAGING Our graphic designers are finalizing the custom vacuum sealed packaging that retailers will love to have on their shelves. Starting to create CHARLIE's new packaging We're almost done! KICKSTARTER BACKER REWARDS Your support for the Connect CHARLIE project helps us bring the smallest, most efficient charger to the world and keep us all charged up! We truly appreciate BOTH your time and support to help bring CHARLIE to life.. Thank you, Adam Badawy & Team We are all excited to bring CHARLIE to the world