We believe that we are offering something very unique in the marketplace and we are offering it through this Campaign at cost-to-produce, with a money-back guarantee if you are not satisfied or if we are late in delivering. Please take a look at some of our mini work on our successful Ice Age Mammal KS. Below, is reference art for the fungus and furniture, and reference art and Works-in-Progress for the Sea Monsters. All final sculpts will be in cast in resin. If you have any questions, please email Lars at <email> Clarification between the New $15 Pledge and the Old $30 Mushroom Pledge: Old 75$ Pledge adds the Lair Terrain and Walls to the $30 Pledge level. "What if I hate the sculpts?" We are running a 100% money-back satisfaction guaranteed program with this one because the sculpts will be completed by October 1, 2014, i.e., after the end of the KS. If you get minis you do not like. Send them back and we will refund you money, no questions asked. That being said, Lars is running the production moving forward and will be on top of the new sculptors to provide frequent updates. And, as per request, Lars will be available on comments everyday and via email everyday until miniatures are in your hands. Hello and welcome to ADW GAMES Sea Monsters, Terrain and Big east Kickstarter. This kickstarter has a very simple goal. We are previewing our 2015 catalog with 10 historic sea monsters, 3 sets of dungeon or cavern furnishings and 5 giant versions of historic animals. Our Sea Monster Collection is based on historic sea monsters reported and cataloged between the years 1558 and 1758. Our approach to sculpting the Sea Monsters is to follow the original illustrations as closely as possible, and to provide a scale useful for a tabletop 28mm game. Only the Sea Bishop from 1562 has been updated. For that model we exchanged the cloth cloak for a the ever-popular cloak of tentacles. As these are big creatures, we will be casting each Monster individually in Urethane resin. The exact method of casting is discussed in the FAQ section, and links are provided for anyone interested in the details of the casting methods being used. In this Campaign, the Sea Monsters are being offered at cost to manufacture. You will also find dungeon and cavern furnishings that have been requested by a large number of gamers and large versions of historic animals that would be appropriate for large-scale warfare, conversions, dioramas or boss fights. And, as requested everything is offered ala carte- so you can pick-and choose and customize your rewards so they fit your needs. Thank you for your interest in Sea Monsters, Terrain and Big Beasts. The Ten Sea Monsters These can be ordered as Epic Size or Giant Size. A size chart will be up later this afternoon, but Epic is usually over 6" in length and Giant Size is under. Epic is meant for Sea Battles where the Monster is attacking a ship. Giant is for smaller battles or for use as water steeds. 1-3. Three Clergy Sea Monsters 4. Porcine Whale 5. Giant Cuttlefish 6. Giant Angel Shark 7. Sea Wolf 8. Sea Horse 9. Leviathan 10. The Sea Serpent with the Perfect Aim The Historic Sea Monster Art Sea Bishop Update: Set 1: The Fungus Man's Garden includes Four Fungus Men and The Ten Fungus Terrain Pieces 1x1 stinkhorn 2x1 Giant Bird's nest Fungus 1x1 cannonball fungi pillar 1x1 earthstar fungi 1x1 Bleeding Tooth 1x1 Amethyst Deceiver 1x1 Entoloma hochstetteri 1x1Beefsteak Fungus 1x1 Devil’s Bolete 1x1 Scarlet Elf Cup Set 2: Five Elemental Walls Water, Fire, Ice, Thorns and Bones Set 3: Monster Lair 10 human Bones, Crude Bedding, 5 bags of Coins, 1 Old Fire Pit, 4 Misc Tools for Chopping, 1 Giant Crude Cupboard, 1 Giant Chest 1. Giant Sea Iguana 2. Giant Monitor Lizard 3. Giant Unitatherium 4. Giant Woolly Rhino 5. Giant Gomphotherium Stalagmite set. A $10 Add-On Set will include 12 stalagmites and 10 little mushrooms. Add-on price is $10. And- we will include two little fungus men with this, as well. Add any Epic-Sized Sea Monster: $15 ($35-40 retail after this KS) Add any Giant-Sized Sea Monster: $10 ($20-25 retail after this KS) Add a Polypus (see below), prices, as above: Add any Ice Age Mammal for $10- you will have to visit the IAM KS for a complete list. $2,500- DONE! Every Pledger will get a case of crabs, i.e, three giant crabs. Tell your friends so they can get crabs, too! $2,750 - DONE! Everyone gets two Giant Slugs, or one giant Sea Slug $3,250 a free Giant Water Bug for Everyone - DONE! $3,500- DONE! Big chunky fish, from A History of Map Monsters. Theatrum Orbis Terrarum - Abraham Ortelius, 1570, is added to the list of Sea Monsters. An add-on for everyone except those levels that have everything. Those "everything" Pledgers get this one for free. Of interest: the blowhole water will be modeled in wax, and come as two separate pieces. You can glue those in, or leave them out. Your choice. and two free maggots for everyone: $4,000- the Kelpie is free for everyone If we make the Kelpie goal today, Lars will sculpt it tomorrow.