A Big, Huge Thank You To Our Backers! We are ecstatic to say the leashes and toys are en-route and expected Mid-October. After all of our Backer’s orders are filled in Mid-October, the We Leash and replacement We Toys can be ordered on Amazon, with Prime shipping as part of their Launchpad program, and on our website, wefordogs.com. For all your help, we promise to be a company that works tirelessly for dogs and the people who love them. A generous portion of our proceeds directly benefits Canine Assistants in their mission to provide service dogs to people in need, free of charge. For your contribution, we thank you. Now go out and enjoy your walks, together! – Jennifer + Shannon The We Leash Don’t you love the idea of going for a walk with your dog? You and your best friend strolling down the sidewalk, sharing the morning sun. It’s a wonderful concept – but it doesn’t often work that way, does it? What should be fun can easily dissolve into a drag…literally! Ugh! Not to mention those times your dog goes full Cujo at passers-by. You know, the kind of display that makes you want to insist to the world that he belongs to the neighbors. As a strong believer in the value of the human – dog bond, I felt certain we could do better. After all, walks are meant to strengthen your body – and your relationship – rather than putting a strain on them. Walks should be interactive. And they should be joyful. One day, I realized that the happiest I’d ever seen dogs on leash was when they were proudly holding a part of their leash or a favorite toy in their mouths. Their people looked happy, too. Best of all, they seemed engaged with one another. So with that in mind, I designed the We Leash – a handle for people and a handle for dogs. No more pulling or dragging. And because the design helps prevent dogs from feeling restrained, they feel more secure and are less likely to react inappropriately on leash. Easy for those dogs that like to carry stuff, right? But, what if your dog isn’t one to enjoy carrying things in his mouth? No problem! He can quickly learn the pleasure of being able to take his human for a nice stroll. Just by learning to hold his attached leash handle or toy, he can feel safe, secure, and connected to his favorite person. It's easy to teach and easy to learn! The We Leash allows your dog a feeling of secure attachment and a sense of control that will reap benefits far beyond your actual walks. Easy, well-behaved dogs are those who feel both secure in the love of their people and capable of exerting some measure of control in their own lives. You and your dog will love this leash…and the connection it brings to your time together. Enjoy your walk! Jennifer Our Most Asked Questions What do I do with the toy if my dog does not want to carry his handle or toy on our walk? You'll love this part. If at times your dog chooses not to hold the toy, the two lines simply snap together creating a “regular” leash. You can unclip the toy and we have provided a carabiner for convenience near the human handle where the toy or handle can hang. I noticed the dogs you feature were retriever breeds, how difficult will it be to use with non-retriever breeds? You are right about the retrievers on video but I've had great success with other breeds-as have friends and our test team. Basically if your dog will hold anything in his or her mouth at all (including a rawhide) it should be easy to encourage him/her to hold the leash. Any necessary effort is well worth the advantages-for both of you. Rewards Organic Plush Toys and Binkies with Crinkle Those pledging at the Supporter Level ($19) may choose one Organic Plush Toy or Binkie. These toys are just for fun and not equipped to be used with the We Leash. A survey will be sent following the end of the Kickstarter Campaign allowing you to choose which Toy or Binkie you would like. We Leash + Organic Plush Toys and Binkies with Crinkle All Backers at the $32 pledge level and above will receive at least one We Leash, depending on the level pledged. You may purchase additional leashes as add ons after checkout, see below. Those pledging at the Partner Backer, Backer, or Giver Backer level may choose ONE toy for their We Leash . . . Mini Instructor Packs and Backer Backers may mix and match SIX toys and Instructor Packs and Ultimate Instructor Packs may mix and match TWELVE toys. A survey will be sent following the end of the Kickstarter Campaign allowing you to choose which specific Toy(s) or Binkie(s) you would like. You may purchase additional toys as add ons after checkout, see below. Add-Ons Additional leashes, toys, and books will be available to purchase as add-ons after you have completed checkout. Step One – Go to the We Leash page and click the Manage your Pledge button. If you have not pledged, it will say Back this Project. Step Two – Increase your pledge in the Pledge Amount box by the sum total of the add-ons you want to add. Do not change the tier you are currently pledged to. If you want to change the tier you have pledged, be sure to add the total of your add-ons and the difference between your current tier and the new tier. Step Three – At the end of the Kickstarter campaign you will receive a survey allowing you to select the specific add-ons you would like to receive. Shipping/handling is included for all add ons, both domestic and international backers. To Add-On a We Leash – Add $32 per Leash to Your Pledge To Add-On a We Leash Compatible Organic Plush Toy or Binkie – Add $13 per Toy or Binkie to Your Pledge. A survey will be sent following the end of the Kickstarter Campaign allowing you to choose which specific Toy(s) or Binkie(s) you would like. To Add-On – Love is All You Need by Jennifer Arnold Hardback Edition – Signed By the Author – Add $30 per Book to Your Pledge. Praise for the We Leash "The We Leash is the best new idea I've seen in my 25 years as a dog training professional" Judy L., Professional Dog Trainer "There's never been a leash like the We Leash – providing two-way interaction, dogs feel less restrained, and less restraint means less problem behaviors." Kent B., DVM "My dog loves the We Leash. Walking with the We Leash is fun for us both. When can I buy a second one?" Mike E., We Leash Test Team Can we help? Customer Service <email> Press <email> medium.com/we-for-dogs Photos wefordogs.smugmug.com P.S. Congratulations for making it to the bottom! In case you are still wondering . . . yes, a generous portion of our sales benefits Canine Assistants!