As I sat in the Nautilus at the bottom of the ocean, I saw a giant squid pass the ornate brass framed portal and knew that Nemo had no intent of freeing me from his perilous quest. I longed to be traveling by land and air to make my way around the world. I hoped to relive my time in the African Jungles and fantasized about a journey to distant worlds. For I am a 19th century gentleman, a knight in the Order of Odd Fellows and a bit of a dreamer. - Alexander A. Willis, 1846 - 1940 Captain Nemo My great great grandfather loved books, and fantasy. Enamored by DeFoe's novel, Robinson Crusoe, he left his home in Bathurst, Canada at 15 and traveled across the United States and took a sailing vessel to the South Pacific where he settled alongside the famous writer Robert Louis Stevenson. He spent the rest of his life seeing and experiencing much of the South Pacific and had a number of real life adventures of his own. In honor of my great great grandfather and to honor two of my favorite authors from the turn of the previous century, I created a full color, fully illustrated deck of playing cards which is being produced by USPCC under their Bicycle Brand. I call the deck, A Victorian Adventure. In keeping with the fantasy theme, we've included some minor modifications to traditional garb and weaponry to appeal to the current steam punk genre. I love the deck, and the stories it tells. Each suit represents a different novel: Spades: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, Diamonds: A Princess of Mars (most people are more familiar with the hero of the story; John Carter), Hearts: Tarzan, and Clubs: Around the World in 80 Days. And because my GG Grandfather was a friend of and purchased some cows from his widow, we have honored Robert Louis Stevenson by presenting a Jekyll and Hyde Joker pairing. We hope you love the art and fantasy that has so richly filled our lives for more than a century. Come and let's journey back to the Victorian Era, and take a grand adventure! Did you miss your chance to get a Michel Frommer 1616 Bicycle Deck? Add $10 for a deck of the Michael Frommer 1616 Bicycle Silver Premium Deck or $15 for the Italian Suited Deck. Full Uncut Sheet! Add $35 to your pledge and get a full uncut sheet of cards ready for framing! Why hide this deck, display it for your friends and family to see (as well as those nosey neighbors who you would consider mild acquaintences as best). Around the World in 80 Days Get More Decks! We've made it easy. Just multiply the number of additional decks with the price identified in the description of your pledge level! Read a Book! If for some reason you have not read or if you don't have copies of the books that this deck is inspired by, you can just add the collection in one large volume by adding $25 to your pledge level. Stretch Goal #1. At $9,000 a free download of artwork formatted for desktops and cell phones. Stretch Goal #2. At $10,000 we will add 1 free 8" x 10" Art Print randomly selected from the deck. This will be a print of the actual artwork not in card format, numbered and signed. Stretch Goal #3. At $15,000 we will offer a second back design. More goals to come as we get further down this path. First, you need to understand that I don't bill international shipping as inclusive in the pledge level or added to the pledge level. First because while I can provide a grid, I cannot account for every country without making this an ad page for USPS. Second because for every dollar you pledge on KS, 10% goes to KS and Amazon, which means I would have to charge an additional 10% on the actual shipping to cover costs. Third, and the best reason, is that I charge actual shipping. It gets printed on the label. It's more work on our end to email, invoice and process your payment, but if it saves a buck... Also, lesson 101 on KS. If you need a specific $ amount to pay for the production of an item, and a specific amount of the pledges are earmarked to pay for shipping, you don't actually make what you need to cover your production costs. So, many people start their pledge levels higher to account for fees, non-payments and international shipping. I try to keep the goal as low as possible to improve the likelihood of the project succeeding. Now that I've bored you, here is the table. Sorry, you will have to calculate the weight for add-ons yourself.