AdControl doesn't just keep your devices adfree, but blocks the ads even before they reach your network allowing it to speed up loading of the sites and saving data. There are so many products out there, most of them are truly original, but only a few of them are actually making your life easier and faster. By removing all the ads from the internet the loading of any site is almost twice faster. Save bandwidth and clear your internet from annoying ads easily with AdControl. We started working on AdControl as students. (Our main goal was to create a device thatwould not just remove all the ads from the internet but on the other side make your life easier.) We wanted to recreate how the internet looks today.Because we were not happy with the situation. Why should we watch stupid advertisement before watching any youtube video? How many times you come across a site where you have to literally guess where to click to get to the desired content. Before After Notice the speed difference! AdControl is probably one of the easiest devices to setup on the earth. Just plug it in between your router and internet gateway. Power it up and you are ready to go. If you want to add a website to your white list you can easily do it from the Android/iOS app or the control panel from your browser. Ads on the internet always change but you dont have to worry because AdControl keeps always up to date with the new ads. Control panel accessible from any browser Or use the Android/iOS app. (Free) AdControl is great for Makers, Hobbyists, and those that like to Do it Yourself. All of our hardware and software is open. We have created libraries and examples for use that make it easy for you to get your home device on a next level. We design our devices to be intelligent so they are easy to use. Once finalized, we will release schematics, firmware, and anything else you might need to hack, change, or recreate the AdControl device! We know that there are many creative users out there. So we decided that we won't make our case but open a competition between the users. The user with the best looking case will get two more AdControl devices the basic case files are free to download on our official page or below. To post your creations just upload them and put a link in the comments. We will make a open poll so the users can vote which case looks the best. Case basic file: <url>