“Multi-talented, multi-directional wireless speaker” - What Hi-Fi “Produces unrivaled, full-room sound from its sleek bullet shape” - HiConsumption REVIEWS & MENTIONS Selected Press "The ARCHT One Speaker is the Easiest Way to Fill your Home with Huge Sound"- Supercompressor “This Space-age Wireless Speaker Aims to Blast your Room with 360 Degrees of Audio Awesome” - Digital Trends "Archt One is Tops for all-in-one Bluetooth Sound" - Gizmag "Archt One Cranks Omnidirectional Sound from Eye-Catching Speaker" - Electronic House "ARCHT One is a 360 Speaker Disguised as Art" - Technology Tell “A consistent, distortion free audio which shifts the paradigm of surround sound – it truly is amazing.” - Uber Apparatus "This futuristic speaker packs one heck of a punch" - Tech in Asia THE WORLD'S FINEST WIRELESS AUDIO SYSTEM - ARCHT ONE The World's Finest Wireless Audio System ARCHT One is an audio system born from the dream of delivering a simplistic, elegant, yet powerful audio solution. Before the ARCHT One, listeners in search of the optimal home audio experience were limited to the location where speakers were placed, often leading them to be tethered to very specific spots in a room. In many cases, the result is a rigid, inconsistent audio experience. Today, we see consumers demanding more from their music as freedom of movement and design have become increasingly important. ARCHT One vs the competition We built the ARCHT One from ground up to address that. After years of development by our team of award winning team of engineers and designers, we have engineered and patented our Sound Array technology to create a first of its kind omnidirectional, audiophile quality speaker. Omnidirectional, Audiophile Quality Sound Dispersion With ARCHT One, we aim to transform audio into something that listeners can seamlessly integrate into their lifestyle and home without compromising quality. Incorporating elegant design with innovative acoustics and simple-to-use features, ARCHT One is the ultimate wireless speaker that listeners control at their fingertips. MODERN LIFESTYLE DESIGN: Fits Any Space A Design Piece Like No Other In the past, speaker designs have been characterized as large, boxy objects framing a home’s entertainment system and mounted to specific corners of a room. Connected through a twist of wires and controlled with a remote often misplaced or buried between couch cushions, home audio systems of the past proved cumbersome and crude to the eye. Fits Any Space ARCHT One disrupts all that. ARCHT One comes fully equipped with full range drivers, a sub-woofer, a passive radiator, amplifier, digital signal processor (DSP) and a digital analog (DAC) converter, eliminating wire clutter. All this is efficiently assembled into a sleek package guaranteed to turn heads. Acoustic Perfection ARCHT One is also designed to sound acoustically perfect, regardless of where you put it in the room. ARCHT One’s stunning design architecture incorporates years of acoustic research resulting in the creation of our groundbreaking Sound Array technology. ARCHT One represents a symbiotic relationship between function and design that will transform homes into elegant concert halls with the music quality to match. PATENTED ACOUSTIC INNOVATION: Consistent Multi-Directional Sound Dispersion that Adapts to its Environment Patented Sound Array Many speakers claim to provide true surround sound in a single device. However, speakers are directional by nature and they sound best when listening from a specific point. Adding multiple speakers does not change this reality and can cause distortion and inconsistent audio quality. Consistent Distortion Free Sound ARCHT One is a true omni-directional speaker with a built in sub-woofer ARCHT One solves this problem with its patented Sound Array technology: the only one of its kind. It only uses 3 speakers – a full range driver for the mids and highs, a sub-woofer and passive radiator for the bass. Each of these speakers are equipped with a Sound Array module, which transforms the speakers from directional to omnidirectional. The result is consistent, distortion free audio which redefines the meaning of surround sound - it’s truly amazing. Multi-speaker solution in a single device ARCHT One adapts to its surroundings A first of its kind, dynamic audio optimization allows ARCHT One to adapt to its surroundings. Our custom ARCHT Audio application gives smartphone users the power to optimize the ARCHT One’s sound based upon the space in which it is being used. With the app, ARCHT One will always be tuned to your environment, ensuring you get the best audio experience wherever you are. Dynamic Audio Optimization through the ARCHT Audio App AUDIO AT YOUR FINGERTIPS: Wireless Connectivity and Multi-Zone Pairing Plethora of Connectivity Options ARCHT One has Connectivity Options for Everyone At the push of a button, you can control playback of music directly on the ARCHT One wirelessly from your laptop, tablet or mobile device. Choose from connections such as WiFi, AirPlay, DLNA, Bluetooth and direct USB or AUX and stream music straight from the Internet! WiFi capabilities, in particular, allow you to stream and enjoy your music in high quality formats (24bit/192kHz) – turn the music up and enjoy each song as it was intended to be heard. It’s simple to use and set’s up in under a minute. AirPlay Setup Bluetooth Set Up USB Set Up AUX Set Up ARCHT One supports Multi- Zone over WiFi PLAY Up to 6 ARCHT One speakers can also be connected over AirPlay, either in the same room or in multiple rooms, giving listeners a complete home audio experience. ARCHT One can be connected in True Stereo with Bluetooth Pairing PLAY For those who live by true stereo sound, 2 ARCHT Ones can be paired together in the same room over bluetooth for double the experience! SUMMARY OF FEATURES With ARCHT One, you can once again hear each beat and lyric the musician intended it as the speaker delivers the quality of live performances straight to your living room. We intentionally crafted ARCHT One to be aesthetically-appealing and produce sound quality that is all-encompassing. ARCHT One will provide a definitive home audio experience with high-resolution sound and modern design for a more immersive and personal audio experience. PLAY TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS KICKSTARTER REWARDS Black White Rosso Corsa Red Concept LAUNCHING THE ARCHT ONE - We Need Your Help Our dream began in 2011 when a car audio veteran from Singapore invented the Sound Array, with the vision of transforming how speakers are 'seen' and 'heard'. He started out with high end systems but soon realized that while bigger may be better; the ultimate speaker is not all about raw power, but about the overall user experience. From the first purchase, opening the box, speaker set up and daily use - enjoying high end audio should not be a complicated process. Evolution of the ARCHT One He teamed up with an acoustic expert and industry veteran in the US, with the aim of developing a speaker that would look fantastic, sound awesome and be extremely easy for anyone to setup and use. We displayed hand-crafted prototypes at CES 2014 earlier this year to test this hypothesis. At CES, the team received great feedback from technology and design communities. After the event, we knew we were on to something. Handcrafted Samples Displayed at CES 2014 The ARCHT One project is 3 years in the making. With your support, we can take the ARCHT One from Prototype to Production, and launch in a city near you. ARCHT One Packaging Concept ARCHT ONE DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP ARCHT AUDIO TEAM Thank you for your kind support!