Asylum is a fully customized Bicycle® Playing Card Deck - unlike any deck you've ever seen - and ONLY to be printed once. Designed by Serbian artist Milan C., and managed by entertainment industry veteran Ed Nash - this is a limited deck that you are going to want to own. Developed in Serbia. Shipped and managed from the United States. Indulge the comfort of straitjacket, cozily tucked in an embrace of extremely long sleeves! Enjoy the comforts of a padded room with this delightfully liberating deck, and treat yourself with the playing cards by which the Joker himself would be proud of. We have created a deck with the goal of satisfying the highest demands of playing card users everywhere - primarily players, magicians, collectors, and cinema admirers. We put tremendous effort and creativity in creating an interesting deck with innovative design, but ultimate functionality for everyday players and pros alike. We respect traditional values and standards, successfully incorporating new aspects of design which blend into a unified design with an intriguing background. With never before seen faces, each card is easily recognizable and easy to read. These faces will only be printed once, and then shall re-enter the asylum, never to return. We are big fans of classic horror movies. We found some of our inspiration for Asylum in some of the anthological movies and retro/cult cinematographic creations and characters. (consider it as our tribute to the masters of the silver screen such as Vincent Price, Kathy Bates, Sir Anthony Hopkins, etc.) The main word which correlates to Asylum Deck is "CUSTOM." Everything is fully customized, patiently painted and designed for this once-in-a-lifetime-deck opportunity. Every Card, every symbol on every card, Jokers, court cards, special cards, everything. Through all of its segments, Asylum is accompanied by slightly deviant background taste, which fits perfectly in the overall concept. We devote special attention to the characters on the court cards, made them unique, yet slightly resembling to some of the most famous "loonies" from the history and cinematography. The main image from the box is specially designed as a tribute to the great art of Alphonse Mucha and Art Nouveau movement, but adopted in our unique manner and style. Magicians and illusionists weren't neglected at all during the creative process. On the contrary, we respected every aspect of their needs. From the important features of symmetry, density of ornamental structures, special and double back cards, to the quality of material, making cards easy to handle. That's why we choose the USPCC as our playing card partners, and are offering high-quality BICYCLE® grade cards. SPECIAL REWARDS DETAIL "Deal-irium" Dealer Button - Ceramic Chip "There will never be a doubt as to who is the most delirious in each poker round!" ADD-ONS!!!! Asylum Dice! Add-on at only $3/pair Uncut sheets Receive a limited Uncut Sheet featuring all cards from Asylum, straight from the printing machines. Deranged Maiden signed poster (approx. 12X18) Take advantage of opportunity to get limited edition Asylum posters, with artist's signature on it. LIMITED EDITION SKETCHES (ONLY 12 AVAILABLE) CUSTOM Asylum Art (approx. 8X11) - signed We temporarily loosen the straps on our artist's straightjacket, just to give you once-in-a-lifetime-opportunity to drop your hands on fully customized, limited edition Asylum art. Just send us your photo in high resolution (feel free to express your most deviant facial expression), and Milan is going to paint you and incorporate your face into the beautifully insane Asylum surrounding. Perhaps a great gift for a birthday? Valentine? Christmas? For all of you deranged lovebirds, we will smuggle a few more pills into the Asylum and to the artist, and he can draw you happily tied together. Or a family portrait - why not? If you particularly like some of our court cards, we can accompany you with your favorite "card looney!" STRETCH GOALS! WHAT DO YOU WANT? If this project funds for 200% or more, we want to truly reward you with an amazing piece of Asylum merchandise. Give us feedback and tell us what you'd like to see!