What's all this About Auras and Tactics? Aura's a fancy term for elemental magic and the word "Tactics" is to make sure you know it's a Tactical(T)RPG. Also, we're indie, in that we're not getting paid for any of this. We're NOT Vaporware, we Promise You can actually go play our game. We're only showing off a proof of concept (dev jargon for: rough example that hey the game works) due to visual constraints, all of the in game art was created in a period of two weeks (calendar, not work time) by one and a half artists. While Aura is significantly further along on the back end than it appears, and I could sit here and tell you about how we have hooks and tools in place for loads and loads of features and content that we simply aren't ready to show, I'd rather tell you about what makes Aura awesome, that we can and have shown! (And maybe a little bit of what we can't.) You Can Swap Classes Between Characters Aura Tactics takes a non-traditional approach to the time tested class mechanic. Where most TRPGs link classes and characters at the hip, requiring a player to level up a class on each character they wish to use the class on, Aura Tactics abstracts classes out into unique items called auracite, allowing players to swap classes between characters at will, even during combat. Wait, What About Character Identity? Characters still gain experience, stat growth is determined by their elemental alignment, as well as the auracite they have equipped at the moment they level up. Which requires hardcore players attempting to max out specific stats to be cognizant of who has what class set at what time. A character's elemental alignment is permanently assigned to a character at it's creation, and this partially determines a character's stat growth, as well as what particular abilities a character has access to with each class. So a character still retains their element as well as their base stats and level no matter what class they swap to, leaving plenty of room for a character to establish an individual identity, strengths and weaknesses. Multiplayer, Anywhere, Anytime, Any Platform Have you ever wanted to play a TRPG the way you play Words With Friends? Multiple matches against multiple friends open at once, take your turn whenever you want, receive a push notification when it's your turn? Well Aura is here to fill that void! You'll be able to play with your friends regardless of device, one friend on PC, one on iOS, one on Android? No problem! Play a session non-stop in the same room with someone, or protract it out over many hours, taking turns when you should be paying attention at work! (*Note: Any platform slight exaggeration, as of right now we do not plan to support consoles, blackberries, strawberries or microwave ovens.) Who the Heck are we to take your Money? We're these guys! From left to right: Bryce Coster, @DesignerDougM, @JohnTEvans, @AkashThakkar, @JacobPernell, Chris Comtois. You can stalk us, see what we're up to, maybe track down some of our work, but it's not important. None of us have a resume that's going to make you break out the checkbook on it's own, or we wouldn't even be telling you who we are, would we? We'll let the game speak for itself! Your Input will Steer our Course We want your input on what direction to take with the game in the immediate future. Backers will be able to steer not only the art direction, but the general direction of the game as well. For a measly 1$ you'll be able to take part in the vote that will shape the course for our development. Though we recommend you donate more, because well, you'll get awesome stuff. If you're interested in finding out the nitty-gritty details of what you will actually be voting on, read our update here. (Deliverable) What we are Going to Do Have a build of Aura Tactics available on all target platforms, featuring asynchronous, cross-platform multiplayer. How to Keep Up With Us! At some point after the Kickstarter is over, our primary method of communication will be Facebook and Twitter, so if you're interested in the project we urge you to go like and follow us! Thank You Thank you for taking the time to read about our game, you're awesome! Any donation will make you a part of the collaborative process and help us to complete the game sooner and make it better! kickingitforward.org