Main Video With Captions What is Baboomi? A Better Alarm Clock Baboomi is an alarm system that was designed from the ground up to be the best way to wake up in the morning. Instead of sitting on the nightstand and buzzing until you slap it in frustration, Baboomi goes under your pillow and wakes you up comfortably and gently using vibrations that you can completely customize. Universal and Customizable Baboomi does not follow the "one size fits all" approach that most alarm clocks have followed since the Digital Age began. Using the intuitive alarm timeline design system, you can make an alarm that will wake you up exactly the way you want. Almost everything is customizable, including: strength, pattern and frequency. The Baboomi app for Android and iOS will be downloadable for free on iTunes and Google Play. The Windows, Mac and Linux software will be downloadable directly from our website. Advanced users will be able to write their own scripts that can control the hardware directly using our open-API. Extremely Easy to Use and Safe When the Baboomi has woken you up, just set it back on the base where wire-free induction charging will prepare it for the next use. Baboomi is completely self-contained and has no exposed wires or connectors, meaning that it is safe and also highly water resistant. Comfortable Baboomi is thin and should not be felt under any normal pillow. Unlike similar vibrating alarm clocks that you may wear, you won't even notice it is there. Reliable Baboomi will be completely assembled by us. Every single Baboomi will be meticulously tested for any problem or abnormality. Because of this, we guarantee your Baboomi for a year. Ship it back to us at any time for any reason and we will either fix the problem or ship you a brand new one. Who should use Baboomi and why? Baboomi was born out of our frustration with other alarm clocks. Buzzing, beeping and screaming doesn't really start the day off right. Other alarm clocks seem to focus on just making sure you wake up and they do this by simply being annoying as possible. Sleep is something that should be peaceful, and waking up should be peaceful too. For some people, these alarm clocks are a helpful solution because they may find it hard to get out of bed in the morning. But, for others who have no problem waking up, Baboomi can be your way of waking up better. You have to make that appointment, you have to get to work, you have to get to class...you have to wake up. So, why must your alarm clock violently wake you up, as most alarm clocks are focused on doing? This is why my brother and I designed the Baboomi - we simply wanted a better way to wake up. If you are someone who wants to be gently and comfortably woken up every morning how you want, then the Baboomi is for you. It is not complicated to use and the customization is intuitive and simple.Your first morning with Baboomi will be a much happier experience. A Private Wake Up Call Are you someone who doesn't want to wake up your significant other every morning? With some customization, Baboomi will just wake you up, while leaving your significant other soundly asleep. For the Hearing Impaired Because Baboomi uses vibrations and does not rely on sound to wake up the user, it can be very useful for those who are hearing impaired or deaf. Baboomi's customization makes sure that these users will be able to find a setting that wakes them up comfortably. Better than Any Other Vibration Alarm Clock. Period. There are other vibrating alarm clocks on the market. Some sit on your nightstand, using the vibration to produce a noise instead of actually using the vibration to wake you up. Others must be worn on the wrist and can obviously be very annoying. Some even have wires that run into your bed, creating a very serious safety hazard. My brother and I also tried using our smartphones for a wake up alarm. This was not a good solution because we couldn't control how much it vibrated or how it vibrated. That is why Baboomi is completely customizable. Also, like most people, we charge our phones at night and the cord in our bed created a serious safety hazard. Baboomi does not touch you, and you cannot feel it under your pillow. The point is:Baboomi does not change anything about how you sleep, it just makes waking up better. Baboomi is comfortable, safe, extremely customizable, easy to use, self contained, rechargeable and lasts for days without a charge. This means it is like nothing else available. Here is a video showing how to set up an alarm on iOS: Here is another video showing how to customize an alarm timeline on our PC application: The Linear Actuator The main reason that Baboomi can offer so much individual customization is through the use of a custom designed linear actuator. With a linear actuator, the frequency and strength of vibration can be controlled independently. This makes the linear actuator ideal for Baboomi because it allows for complete customization, unlike a traditional vibrating motor. Vibrating motors are designed to vibrate in a circular pattern around the axis of the attached counter weight. The only control you have over a vibrating motor is its speed. As you increase the motor's speed, you increase the frequency as well as the amplitude. This severely limits the amount of customization. Production Plans Baboomi will be produced immediately after funding is successful and no time will be wasted. Here is our timeline: One of the most important goals of creating Baboomi is making it an affordable product. We need your support to make the Baboomi at such an affordable price, while still making a quality product. We are putting every penny of the money raised from this Kickstarter in costs for tooling, components, shipping, packaging and labor. We know this is ambitious, but we believe that the product can actually help people have a better morning. If the project is successful, we will keep you up to date with exactly what is going on. Our Promise Baboomi will play a very important role in your life. That is why it will be assembled completely by hand and overseen by Jeff, an electronic engineer with over 30 years in product design experience. Your Baboomi will come with a year warranty. We guarantee that every single Baboomi will work right, and if it doesn't, we will fix it completely free of charge (as it should be). We will keep you up to date with everything we are doing. Hold on a second - didn't I see this project before? Yes! We first launched on Kickstarter with a goal of $82,000 and a price of $119 for our lowest unit. We were supported by almost 100 backers who gave us an extreme amount of feedback and great questions. But, why was the price and the goal higher than it is now? There is one main reasons: One of our biggest costs will be producing the completely custom linear actuator that will be going in each Baboomi. We could never get a firm quote by a manufacturer, but, during our previous campaign, we able to secure a firm quote that could make Baboomi much more affordable than anticipated. We also decided to make a Bluetooth-only unit. Will this change the quality of the Baboomi? Absolutely not. We are extremely dedicated to getting Baboomi in your hands and helping people wake up better. Our changes only allow us to make Baboomi more affordable. Like always, if you have any questions or concerns about the relaunch, please be sure to let us know! The Other Rewards Computer rendering of the black Baboomi casing Our Prototype Specifications Please note: We are using Bluetooth 4.0 for its low power capabilities. This will allow users to keep their Baboomi on at all times, something other versions of Bluetooth would not allow due to their large power consumption. Please check that your device is supported. A general list is here. To be sure, please check your device's hardware specifications. For Baboomi: Wi-Fi - 802.11 b/g (Wi-Fi model only) Wi-Fi range of 100-300ft (Wi-Fi model only) Bluetooth 4.0 BLE Protocol Wireless Induction Charging Custom Linear Actuator for Vibration 3 Axis Accelerometer RGB LEDS for visual feedback and status Rechargeable Battery for up to 3 days use between charges Developer friendly API and SDK Wireless automatic software updates ARM Cortex Processor Water resistant RoHS, Pb-free For Charging Base: AC adapter with USB output USB port for User Device Charging Wireless Induction charging source RoHS, Pb-free