This campaign has successfully ended. Thanks to everybody who helped! More info about the game & pre-order opportunities at <url>#1: In case you didn't know: You are awesome. #2: Our stretch-goals & New reward tiers #3: We did it! New Trailer! PayPal! #4: Battle Worlds Academy Video No. 1 #5: Steam Greenlight & BW Academy Video No. #6: Greenlight, next stretch-goal, additional languages #7: Additional Languages & No DRM means no DRM #8: New: Add-on Rewards! #9: Greenlit! Generated Maps! Programers! #10: The BW:K Card Game & The Game Designers #11: New Screenshots (Snow & Ice!), W.I.P. Units #12: Story, Factions & Kicking it forward! #13: Academy Video #3, Reddit AMA, Three days to go #14: Stretch goal #2 & Last day #15: The campaign has ended, Next steps Our latest videos: - Battle Worlds Academy No. 1 - Action Points & Movement - Battle Worlds Academy No. 2 - Combat - Battle Worlds Academy No. 3 - Advance Tactics You want to use PayPal? Here you go! Our Vision The classic turn-based strategy – exciting, involved gaming that calls for long-term planning, clever tactics, transparent rules and tough decisions – is making a comeback. Many gamers may have seen and enjoyed recent examples of great turn-based gaming, but might not be aware of classics like Battle Isle or Advance Wars. Have you ever wondered what games of that calibre would look like today? Well, we did. And as a result, we decided to bring back this great genre with its unique gameplay experience. For ourselves, for you and for all other gamers out there interested in turn-based strategy. Pre-Alpha Screenshot (February 2013) So, let's do this. Let us develop something we are all passionate about: turn-based gameplay, pure and simple; a strategy game for experienced gamers. A stand-alone game for PC, Mac and Linux, that can also be played in all relevant browsers via plug-in. With Battle Worlds: Kronos you'll get: True, challenging turn-based strategy gameplay. Get the FULL game in a box or as a download, nothing less. No DLC scheme, no micro-transactions. No DRM. No “always-on” necessity. Pinkie swear. Pre-Alpha Screenshot (February 2013) What’s In The Game? Here are some of the key features that will be in the game: Single Player Campaigns - Fight for the "Yerla" faction, a highly technologized army. For the Rebels, make do with what you’ve got and fight a guerilla war. Together both campaigns will allow for more than 30 hours of gameplay. Single Player Challenge Maps - Test your skills in different combat scenarios and keep track of your progress. Live Multiplayer - Battle your friends live on the interent or via hot-seat. Asynchronous Multiplayer - Take all the time you need and consider your moves . Similar to “play-by-mail”, your round is stored on our server and turned over to your opponent. The system allows you to continue the match anytime and anywhere you want. Strong AI - A clever AI that considers gameplay on various tactical and strategic levels as well as individual enemy characteristics will challenge even experienced commanders. Map Editor - A powerful editor to create your own maps and missions (Windows only). There will be around 40 different units and buildings in the game, many of which can be upgraded to obtain new capabilities What Are The Core Gameplay Mechanics? Staying true to turn-based strategy, Battle Worlds: Kronos is all about using your units and resources to the greatest possible effect. In order to win, you will need to consider factors like the positioning of units, attack range, armament and equipped upgrades.Victory or defeat - your tactics will decide. We are using in-game cutscenes to tell the story of the campaings. All units in the game have a unique character, setting them apart from all other units and giving them well-defined strengths and weaknesses. You can further individualize them by assigning specific upgrades. Most units allow for two leveled upgrades, each with two options to choose from. The campaign sometimes allows you to take some of your victorious units with you and improve them over the course of several missions. Upgrade units according to your personal needs and style of play! Multiplayer, Community & Tournaments Multiplayer: While you will be able to battle your friends (and foes) in realtime, just like you are used to in other games, it's the asynchronous multiplayer mode that really gets us going. Playing Battle Worlds: Kronos across platforms and in asynchronous mode means that the game is with you anywhere, anytime. You can spend days and weeks fighting epic battles against opponents all over the world. Play a turn, transfer it to the server and let your enemy make his move. Take your time while taking turns and fighting for victory! For us, this is the coolest aspect of the game. Community: We will gather a community of turn-based strategists around the game, supporting it with a forum, a match-making system and a game ladder system. Additionally, we will provide a game editor, which will enable the community to create their own maps for single or multiplayer battles. Tournaments: As a recurring highlight for the community we are planning tournaments of different sizes, where players can compete beyond the game ladder. What is the schedule? As early as one month after the successful close of the Kickstarter campaign you can play your first alpha version of the game - if you backed the project with $75 or more. Other backers will be able to join the closed beta version before open beta starts. We are planning to release the game end of 2013. Our Stretch-Goals Thanks to the community for providing ideas for our stretch goals! Who Is KING Art And Can You Guys Really Do It? KING Art is an independent game developer from Bremen, Germany. KING Art was founded 12 years ago and we have worked on over 40 games projects, around 10 of them the same size or bigger than “Battle Worlds: Kronos”. So yes, we can do it. We have extensive experience with projects of this kind. Most of our projects had been contract work for publishers. But as often as possible we do projects close to our heart like the adventure game “The Book of Unwritten Tales” and now “Battle Worlds: Kronos”. Most of us have worked together for years - oddly enough we still like each other. Why Kickstarter? Once upon a time we created an alpha stage version of the game and tried to find a publisher to finance the project. Unfortunately, most of the industry did not see the potential, or if they did, they offered us a budget that would have been too low and meant cut-backs on our vision of what the game could be. Kickstarter offers us the opportunity to make the game we have envisioned - all options included. And not by order of a publisher, but backed by you, the players! If we can realize this, it was well worth the wait. Above: Artworks of units from the first Battle Worlds: Kronos prototype Is The Budget Big Enough To Make A Great Game? Nope ;-) Sorry, it just isn't. The full game with all the features we want will cost more than the sum we want to raise through Kickstarter. The Kickstarter share is only about 1/3 of the whole thing. We've spend as much of our own money on the game as possible and we'll work long evenings and on the weekends for this project. But for outsourcing costs (music, effects, some of the arts, voice acting) we need cash. And that's where we need your help. Your contribution will make this project possible, it will ensure our vision of a great game. I Want To Help! What Can I Do? First of all we have to mount the financing of the game. So: Please back the project generously, and spread the word about it! As a backer you have the opportunity to actively participate in the development of the game and collaborate with others on our homepage www.battle-worlds.com. Starting... now! Join the community at www.battle-worlds.com! Legal German law shall apply to the exclusion of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.