IF YOU "LIKE" US YOU NEED TO "BACK" US TOO! BACKING US IS THE ONLY WAY TO ENSURE BIA GETS MADE. We need to hit our funding goal by July 13th. If we are even $1 short, you won't be billed for your pledge, but we also won't get any funding. This means we will not be able to get Bia to market. Ever. Plus, as a backer, you can be first to get Bia on your wrist! See backer rewards here => ------------------------------------------------------------------- Huffington Post Says:Bia Could Literally Save your Life Also see us on: Mashable, DCRainmaker (he backed us because The Girl wants one!), SwimBikeMom, Shut Up and Run, Another Mother Runner, BexLife, CoolMomTech, and Real Simple New Features in Update #6: Galloway-style Run-Walk + Run Naked How to Hit $400K in Update #7: The 2nd Grader Knows How! A Contest in Update #11: Win a custom designed watch band for your team!! Lot's of new backer awards this week. -------------------------------------------------------------------- THE END OF "SHRINK IT AND PINK IT" Yes it is smaller... and it does come in pink. But true athletic beauty is about so much more than looks. We built pretty packaging around robust multisport functionality and ANT+ connectivity, and then we made it so smart it's simple. ***NO OTHER GPS SPORTS WATCH CAN DO THIS:*** Safety alert for peace of mind on solo workouts Quick-connect GPS; no more time wasted "finding satellites" Data to your online training log; no more time wasted "sync'ing" iPod-like ease of use; just one button and a touchscreen Water resistance to 100M; full GPS tracking when you swim And don't forget full triathlon race mode and unlimited Galloway-style walk-run intervals. Plus with Bia, you become part of a community just as amazing as you, both at the starting line and online through www.bia-sport.com. Bia is the sports training watch the "big boys" won't make. It's built for the 99% of us who love to sweat, but don't have time for technology that gets in the way of our workout. DAMN IT FEELS GOOD This picture says it all. The Bia sports watch is as light as it is small. With an infinitely adjustable neoprene band, it won't pinch, bind, or slip. The Bia GPS Go Stick is smaller than an old-school pack of gum so it won't weigh you down like an iPhone strapped to your arm! The display on the screen can be flipped so you can wear Bia on either wrist. It's the first GPS training watch to function, feel, and look as good as you do. GETTING IT ON YOUR WRIST Our team brings experience from Apple, Nike, Jawbone, and Zoot. We have decades of experience building water and shock resistant products, working with GPS, and creating fabulous online experiences. Bia is also part of a startup accelerator program run by a world-renowned supply chain and manufacturing company. A trusted industry heavyweight has our back. The product is working in the lab. Mechanicals, board layout, and battery testing are all done. We are ready to build 30 units for hard core field testing. We'll refine the software that makes it work, and then gear up for manufacturing. WE CAN'T DO THIS WITHOUT YOU We have a big audacious funding goal to hit, so in addition to your pledge, we need your help spreading the word. Talk it up with your training group or at the gym Share on Facebook -- <url>"all or nothing" funding model. If we hit our funding goal, your credit card will be charged July 13th. If Bia doesn't meet our funding goal by July 13th, you won't be charged, we don't get anything...and we won't be able to bring this fabulous product to market. If you have some crazy idea on how to support us, if you are a retailer or distributor, if you are a journalist, or if you are an investor who wants to contribute more just shoot us a note. We'd love to hear from you. NEED MORE DEETS? Ping us with a question, or see more details here. OH, AND ABOUT THE NAME BIA... Bia is the greek goddess of force and power; she is also Nike's younger sister. #justsayin'