IT'S ABOUT A BEACH BUM, whose quiet life is upended by dreadful news. He sets off for his childhood home to carry out an act of vengeance but proves an inept assassin and finds himself in a brutal fight to protect his estranged family. OUR 'CAUSE'? Just a great story. We greatly appreciate your support, but we're no more deserving than any other artists on Kickstarter. We hope you'll pitch in simply because you want to see our film... ...BUT THERE'S A TWIST. And we don't want to give it away by outlining the entire plot of our film. Like all those evil Hollywood trailers... This IS NOT A TRAILER, but it's a darn cool BLUE RUIN CAMERA TEST! (music courtesy of Wye Oak) WE PROMISE ACTION! GORE! LAUGHS! And with your help, we'll even crash a stretch limousine into a ditch! But at our story's core, and what will set this film apart from standard genre fare, is a deeply human story about a haunted man confronting his past and the fleeting moments he shares with his big sister before hurtling towards a nightmarish fate. WHAT WE'RE ASKING FOR: The absolute bare minimum we need to make this film a reality. As for ourselves, we're going all-in. Maxing out credit cards, refinancing homes and cashing in retirement accounts. But we need $35K-$50K in cash to cover expenses we can't swipe, barter for, or defer. WHO'S ASKING? FILMSCIENCE, the award-winning producers of critically acclaimed art house films (Wendy and Lucy, Meek's Cutoff), is teaming up with Jeremy Saulnier, helmer of the genre collective THE LAB OF MADNESS (Murder Party) and respected indie cinematographer (Hamilton, Putty Hill, Septien), to bridge the gap between cerebral cinema and gut-punch exploitation! DIRECTOR'S STATEMENT BLUE RUIN is an engaging procedural account of a violent act and its aftermath. It'll have the depth of an intimate character study and the velocity of an action flick. Amidst tragedy, subtle moments of humor and hope will shine through. Like plucking a character from a Hal Ashby film and tossing them into No Country for Old Men. Or if Wendy and Lucy got caught in the crossfire of Taxi Driver. The violence portrayed in the film is brutal and graphic. It is by no means glorified and its futility resonates as a major theme throughout the story. But it would be disingenuous of me to pretend I wasn’t attracted to cinematic bloodshed. It’s an art form unto itself, visually arresting and universally compelling. If you were expecting something more profound, I offer you this truth: the screenplay is a deeply personal exploration of parental mortality and the emotional toll it takes on surviving family members. But heartfelt motivations should not be of concern to you or to my audience; such things don’t make it to the big screen. Stories need to stand on their own. So do directors. I’m hands-on. I’ve led large crews on commercial sets, I’ve shot award-winning films on shoestring budgets, I’ve sculpted prosthetic makeup appliances and trained dogs to perform stunts. What I’ve never done is use my broad skill set to realize something great. To that end, I humbly ask for your support. Put your faith in my team and we will come through. I’ll happily stake my career on it. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!! PSSSST! Why support creativity when you could EXPLOIT IT? FOR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES, CONTACT US.