Initial Goal Reached! Stretch Goal Announcement! If we can reach $88K, we will give each backer who has pledged for a BOLT an international charging kit. This kit will include a US to EU adapter, a US to AUS adapter, a US to UK adapter, and a carrying pouch. We will also be offering a universal charging cable as a fourth cable option. This universal cable will work with Micro USB, Apple Lightning, and Apple 30-pin devices. It's also PORTABLE and works with ANY device that charges via USB Our Story Mobile technology is something we have always been passionate about, especially when it’s streamlined and innovative. As the speed of our gadgets increases, there is one component that has seemed to flat line. Battery life. There are portable batteries on the market, but none of them meet our expectations. To remedy this, we set out to create something smart, simple, and accessible to consumers. At one point in time we've all looked at our phones/devices and realized "It's about to die, I need to charge my phone." Existing portable batteries on the market are typically geared for emergency charging. This means that they are either too big to be practical or they don’t hold enough charge to be useful everyday. Another issue we’ve found is that most of these batteries can only be charged via USB and that can be a hassle. You’ll need to bring around a USB wall adapter or hunt down a USB port, potentially draining your laptop battery just to recharge your backup. This inconvenient method of keeping smart phones and other devices charged inspired the creation of Bolt. We’re strong believers of packing light, especially if you’re always on the go, and being prepared for life’s daily challenges. We don’t have time for the aggravation of being disconnected from the world due to a dead battery. Having a low/dead battery on an unpredictable day can be a real pain, so we wanted to create a charger that reflects our lifestyle. Bolt’s minimalistic design is used to cut out the clutter while providing a dependable charge when you need it. What is it? Bolt is the world's smallest portable USB wall charger combined with a built in 3000mAh rechargeable battery that will charge your mobile device, anywhere. Design Philosophy Our passion for simplicity led us to create a sleek and compact form factor. We set out to design a battery backup with a built in wall charger that is the smallest of its kind, yet still has enough power to withstand every day life. Each one of these aspects could not be compromised. We needed a device that was small enough to put in your pocket that could still provide more than one charge for your phone and effortlessly be recharged. Bolt can provide you with convenience and peace of mind by eliminating the worry of a low battery or dead device. The wall prongs can be conveniently folded into the body when not in use Works with smartphones, tablets, ereaders, mp3 players and much more! Why Choose Bolt? Unlike other portable batteries, we built Bolt from the ground up to be a true grab and go solution. The built in wall charger allows you to charge the internal battery while you're charging your mobile device. There's no need to remember if you charged it. Bolt comes in at the third of the size and twice the capacity of our competitors, and it's even about $20 cheaper. *Please note that all live images of Bolt are of the second prototype. The final version will have a smooth rubberized finish and different colorways. Since we selected the first two colors, we wanted to give our backers the opportunity to participate in the creation of the third color. Shortly after funding, backers will receive a survey that offers the option to vote for a custom color. Then we will tally the results and announce the third color. Specifications Dimensions 70mm x 34mm x 28mm (2.75" x 1.33" x 1.10") Samsung 3000mAh battery that's good for up to two charges with most smartphones CE, RoHS, and FCC Certifiable 90-240v supported for international use Output: 5v/1A Available in three colors: Stealth, Graphite, and you choose the third. Smooth rubberized finish in three color options Four blue battery indicator LEDs One green status LED Subtle chamfered edges add to the sleek design Here's a quick comparison shot with an energy shot, an iPad charger, and a dollar bill. Design Process Welcome to the lab We started out by using the standard iPhone wall charger due to its simplicity and ended up with our first design: This design didn't allow for the battery capacity we desired, so we went back to the drawing board and scoured the net for a battery that would meet our expectations. We ended up going with a 3000mAh battery and redesigned the casing. This design was an incremental step in the right direction, so we sent it out for rapid prototyping. After finally being able to hold the device we were underwhelmed. Something didn't feel right, but we knew we were on the right track. This led us to our current design. With our design finalized we took it back to rapid prototyping. Success! Don't worry about the rough texture. It will be gone once we have the design sent out for tooling and our final mold is created. Here's a shot of the internals doing what they do best. Here is where we're at. We have a fully functioning circuit, but need to finalize the PCB design to allow it to fit perfectly within our casing. Since our current casing is a rapid prototype, it has a rough finish. Our final product will have a mold created and the device will be coated with a smooth rubberized finish that will be available in three colors. We're also adding LED indicators that will provide the user with the battery level and charging status. Manufacturing Plan Once funding has been reached we'll pick up the phone and contact our manufacturer to get started with tooling, mold creation, and our finalized PCB design that will specifically fit our dimensions. From there we will have the first few finalized prototypes in hand in about a month. After approval of the final product we will give the manufacturer the OK to start mass production. During this time we will be completing our product packaging, send out the survey for the third color, take orders for your choice of charging cable, and collect t-shirt sizes. We'll even start printing shipping labels, so when the products arrive we can ship them out as fast as possible. Detailed Production Schedule Funding complete (July 2013) Deposit will be made to our manufacturer (July 2013) Produce final CAD model of the mold (July 2013) Produce final PCB design (July 2013) Packaging design (August 2013) Manufacturer to produce the first finalized prototype (August 2013) Finalized product testing and revisions(September 2013) Manufacturer to mass produce Bolt (September 2013) Manufacturer ships completed products to us (October 2013) We ship Bolts to backers (October 2013) Detailed Creator/Backer Schedule We answer your questions during funding (June 2013) Funding complete (July 2013) We organize, create, and send out surveys for charging cables, t-shirt sizes, and bolt color choices (July 2013) We get t-shirts created and will ship them out (August 2013) We compile a list of shipping addresses and print out labels (September 2013) We ship bolts to backers (October 2013) Who We Are Alan and Justin are two long-time friends and tech enthusiasts. They’ve been working on various tech projects together since middle school. Justin holds a B.S. and M.S. in Computer Engineering with over 10 years of industry experience and Alan is a well-traveled California State University Long Beach graduate with extensive experience in international business, marketing, and research and development. We know we have what it takes to make Bolt a reality. Thank You! We want to thank each and everyone of you for checking out our project! Like us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/fluxmob Here's a sample of the T-Shirt design FAQ Q. What devices can Bolt charge? A. Bolt will charge any device that charges via USB: smartphones, tablets, mp3 players, most point and shoot cameras, rugged video cameras such as GoPro, eReaders, Bluetooth devices and much more. Q. How does it work? A. Once charged, simply plug Bolt into the desired device and the charging will begin. Q. Can I use Bolt anywhere? A. Yes! Bolt is designed for every day carry and can be used anywhere. Q. How will Bolt connect to my device? A. Each Bolt charger will come with a cable of your choice, you'll have the option of choosing the right cable for your device. Q. How many times can Bolt charge my device? A. With battery chargers there is always some loss when transferring charge from the battery to your device, so you may not get two complete charges depending on the device you use. Q. How long will Bolt last? A. We have been quoted by numerous suppliers that the battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. Q. Will we make different versions to support international sockets? A. We will not be offering additional versions during this campaign but it's something we'd like to explore in the future. BOLT does support 110-240v so it will still be usable with a simple plug adapter. Q. Will BOLT work with varying voltages? A. Yes. BOLT can handle 110-240v. Q. Is the BOLT rechargeable battery replaceable? A. Unfortunately the rechargeable battery is not replaceable, but it is a high quality battery that's good for about 500 cycles. Q. What is the charger output? A. The output we are using is 5v / 1A in order to make the device as small as possible.