What is it? Brew Bracket is a beer tasting party in a box. Pick 8 beers to compare in a head to head tasting tournament event. How does it work? Gather up a group of friends and 8 different beers (a 6-pack or growler of each works best) of a similar style for the tasting tournament. The Host Guide will help you lead your guests through the bracket-style tournament where everyone blindly tastes two beers at a time and votes for a favorite. The orange and gray pitchers and tasting glasses help keep the tasting blind throughout the bracket. In the end, each beer in the bracket is revealed and a winner is declared! Why you'll love Brew Bracket: The craft beer landscape is incredible, and incredibly complex. There are ~3,500 breweries in the US and the number is still growing. This event format offers you and your friends a way to taste new beers in a fun and safe environment. Talking through some of the specifics about the beers based on taste alone is a great way to better figure out what you really like, and can be a fun exercise for beer novices and beer aficionados alike. And the kit is reusable so you can take turns hosting and exploring a variety of styles. All IPAs, all pumpkin beers, all light beers perfect for the summer, all beers with names ending in '-ator'. The possibilities are endless. Reward Levels: The EXPERIENCE Brew Bracket kit has everything you need to host a Brew Bracket for up to 8 people: 16 glasses (8 orange and 8 gray), 2 pitchers, host guide, 5 host brackets and 25 participant brackets (for repeat play), 8 voting cards and 8 pencils. The only thing missing is the beer. The EXPRESS Brew Bracket Kit is the perfect kit if you already have an extensive beer tasting glass collection. It contains everything you need to host a Brew Bracket for up to 8 people besides the glassware: host guide, 5 host brackets and 25 participant brackets (for repeat play), 8 voting cards and 16 reusable glass decals (8 orange and 8 gray). You still need to pick up the tab on the beer. The HANDCRAFTED Brew Bracket Kit is a labor of exclusive Kickstarter love from the founders. Double the everything, this kit is housed in a handmade wooden box branded with a Brew Bracket logo. Limited quantity. Kickstarter Exclusive. Awesomeness guaranteed. +Add on "Experience Kit". Add $30 to any reward at the experience level or higher and we'll add one additional "Experience Kit" into the mix with no additional shipping. Team Brew Bracket: Ryan Coyle and Mike Sale - We’re just two guys who created a 400-person beer tasting tournament event in 2011 in an effort to find the “best beer”. Over four years, we’ve hosted 10 events. We’ve helped over 3,500 people explore 120+ local beers they may not have otherwise tried. There’s so much variety in beer now, everyone needs a way to find out what they like best. Brew Bracket lets you do that, in the comfort of your own home with your own friends. Now, people don’t have to wait for us to host another event. Cheers!