Born out of necessity, desire, many a prototype, and some late nights the iPhone charging and viewing solution has arrived. The c/dock. So many nights I have laid down to rest.. as I have prepared to set my iPhone gently on my bed stand.. and the worst happens: I notice that its battery is low at best! I'm embarrassed to say I've already been warned twice: once at 20% battery power and again at 10%. But I forgot.. and my iPhone charger is in the kitchen, in my car, at work.. you fill in the blank. Now what? I'm already snug.. but I've got an early morning engagement and I can't chance missing my wake up call. But I don't want to get up - not just after I got down. It takes me back to the old days of the bedside alarm clock.. Now that the my mobile buddy has replaced my watch, my alarm clock, my discman, and so many more gadgets life is more simple.. but not in this case! The solution: A handsome thick piece of solid walnut with either a brushed aluminum or glossy resin face plate and a six foot long black usb cable for charging. The ultimate mix of modern design and convenience. The perfect mate to my already perfect iPhone. You simply start the clock app of choice and slide your phone into the fully enclosed sleeve and it will seamlessly dock and begin to charge, giving you the restful sleep you deserve. It also works wonders as a mini flat screen! Utilize your HBOgo, Netflix, or Hulu Plus app in a whole new way and catch up on your favorite shows. It works great, I used it this morning! We feel we've got a good idea.. but we need your help in getting the funds together to make an initial run of the c/dock. By donating you are essentially pre-ordering the c/dock and helping ensure its creation... and you're making your iPhone happy! Who we are: Two completely average fellows from Portland, Oregon. We both work in design in one way or another and frequently bounce our latest and greatest ideas off of one another. When this idea came to mind.. we knew we had to see it through. Thank you in advance! The c/dock is currently designed for the iPhone 4: To select this version as your reward level, simply select the original reward (that doesn't reference the phone version - this is c/dock for iPhone 4). We will be creating a c/dock for the iPhone 5 as soon as it hits the market: To select this reward level in advance, simply select the reward level that references the iPhone 5. Once Apple releases the iPhone 5 we will hit the workshop and create a c/dock that meets its exact specifications while maintaining the classic c/dock look!