The Cable keeper is a better way to manage your cables, cords, and accessories. The Cable Keeper is clean and simple. We designed it to be versatile and able to carry a wide range of components. Most of us have experienced opening a drawer or bin to a tangled mess of cables, and finding the right cable is frustrating and time consuming. There are a lot of solutions out there for single cable management, but there isn’t anything to organize and hold all of your cables. We strive for quality and simplicity in our own lives and we want our possessions to reflect this. That is why the Cable Keeper will be made in the USA and only use high quality materials. In each cable keeper we have designed 5 different areas to accommodate cables and accessories of many different sizes. 5 different areas X-Small: Pens, cable adapters, audio jacks adapters, etc. Small: Phone cables, audio cables, small card readers, etc. Medium: Battery packs, extra long small cables, etc. Large: DVI cables, HDMI cables, VGA cables, power cables, etc. Onestrap Velcro: Charging block, hard drive, notebooks, etc. We’ve designed three sizes of the Cable Keeper. The medium and large were created for easy cable storage, while the portable was designed specifically for travel and portability. The Portable: The Portable Cable Keeper was designed for travel and on site cable management. No more rooting around in your bag to find the cable or accessory you need. The Medium: The Medium Cable Keeper is perfect for most business and home users wanting to store their cables. The Medium is easily thrown in a large bag for traveling. The Large: This model is designed to be your all-in-one cable storage solution. Never again will you sift through a bin of cables to find the right one. We are extremely passionate about keeping Cable Keeper a high quality product. In our prototypes, we are currently using two layers of 14oz heavy duty canvas and heavy duty elastic bands. The Velcro will be OneStrap velcro. We plan to keep these same types of durable materials once we go into production. We are keeping our product high quality fair trade by keeping our production in the USA. After searching high and low for some sort of cable manager but not finding anything to suit his needs, Keenan decided to make something that would hold all of the cables he owned in one organized bag. After trying many different ideas he had seen online for cable storage and not being satisfied, Keenan thought of the Cable Keeper. In the fall of 2013, Keenan did what any grown man would do in this situation– He had his mom teach him how to sew. After making the first prototype of what the Cable Keeper would be, Keenan brought his idea to Rob to have him help in refining the design and branding. Together through the next six months, we spent our weekends refining the design, sewing prototypes and trying new materials and ideas. Once we felt confident in our design we took our plans to a seamstress for the final prototypes. We have been in talks with manufacturers and have found a few that we believe can hold our quality standards while staying cost effective. The Cable Keeper went through a half-dozen prototypes and materials before we found exactly what we were looking for. We feel we’ve created a way to keep your cables organized, untangled, and easy to access. We see the Cable Keeper being used by more than just your average tech person. We see musicians, IT departments, soundboard operators, photographers, videographers, engineers, computer repair, and much more. The RK Wallet stemmed from Rob wanting to find a use for the excess materials of the Cable Keeper. Always looking for a simple clean wallet, without pockets and metal to make it bulky and thick, this was the design he fell in love with. The RK Wallet is thin, lightweight and keeps your cards and cash enclosed yet easy to access. The design boasts the same durable materials as the Cable Keeper along with our minimalistic style. After going through many design iterations, we began to test the wallet for its durability and usefulness. People would constantly ask where we got the wallet from, and we knew then that we were onto something great. *All photos and descriptions are prototypes. Minor details and cosmetics are bound to change during production.