The Card Caddy is the only playing card deck box that converts to a discard tray so you can securely store and transport your cards, then play a game anywhere, anytime. Kickstarter and 127 wonderful backers helped me raise the funds to make the single decker version a reality and now it's for sale on my website (the 5pack will be on sale the duration of this campaign). You'll also be able to add-on Single Deckers to your pledge if we hit the goal after the campaign. The video below gives you a nice walk through of the original. But there's a lot more I think can be done with the Card Caddy idea and design. This Kickstarter introduces the Double Decker version of the Card Caddy. If we hit our stretch goals, we'll make a Triple Decker and some really cool snap-on gaming accessories that can attach to any Card Caddy. These include storage boxes, hole and peg score counters, multi-deck connectors, and maybe even a dice tower. With your help, we can create what could be the first fully modular and customizable gaming accessory on the market! All of the rewards pictured below are 3D printed prototypes in a variety of high-contrast colors to highlight the parts. The final rewards will be injection molded and will be available in the same colors (black, white, red, blue and green) and finish as the original Card Caddy, except as noted for some accessories. Double Decker Our base funding goal will allow us to produce the Double Decker Card Caddy. The Double Decker will have the same card case to discard tray functionality as the original and will hold: Two regular 54 playing card decks (at least) OR 100 single sleeved cards OR 75 double sleeved cards (For more info on how many and what sized cards will fit, see the FAQ's) Storage Box - $18,000 The first stretch goal will unlock the snap-on storage box, the Card Caddy Cache. It's a one inch deep storage box that snaps onto any size Card Caddy, perfect for storing dice, markers, etc. Will only be available in black and as a $3 add-on to your pledge. Triple Decker - $32,000 Getting to the next stretch goal will let us make the Triple Decker which will hold: Three regular 54 playing card decks (at least) OR 125 single sleeved cards OR 100 double sleeved cards If you want a Triple Decker, you can pledge for a Double Decker reward, then change (or add to!) your pledge when we meet the stretch goal. We'll add Triple Decker rewards when we hit this goal. The base Triple Decker reward will be $10 for a single and will have the same packages as the Double Decker. Scoring Pad - $38,000 After that, the next stretch goal will unlock our snap-on scoring pad, the Card Caddy Counter. This is a peg & hole counting board, similar to what's used for Cribbage, but can be used to keep track of any type of points up to 999. Like the box, it snaps onto any size Card Caddy and has storage for the pegs built into the back. Will only be available in gray and as a $4 add-on to your pledge. (Peg storage capacity increased to SIX, see the FAQ's for more info) Poker chip or token storage box - $46,000 Our next stretch goal will unlock the Card Caddy Crypt, a larger storage box specifically designed to hold poker-sized chips (or anything else) with a capacity of 20 standard sized poker chips. Poker-sized chips also snap into the opening of the Double and Triple Decker Card Caddies you'll get from this campaign. The large storage box holds 20 poker chips and snaps onto any sized Card Caddy Will be available in black as a $3 add-on to your pledge. Connector - $52,000 The Card Caddy Connector will allow you to snap together two Card Caddies. If you keep decks separate, but keep the cases together for transport and storage, the Connector's got you covered. Available in black as a $2 add-on to your pledge. Want to carry multiple separate decks? The Connector will hook you up Dice Tower - $65,000 The Card Caddy Citadel is a portable dice tower for your on-to-go gaming needs. Along with the 1-inch storage box, the Citadel securely snaps on to any sized Card Caddy and quickly assembles into a dice tower for those critical rolls. Will be available in black as a $8 add-on to your pledge. CAD view - when we get close to reaching this one, I'll have the prototypes made! Additional Colors Completion of different achievements (social media likes/follows, hashtag posts, etc) will unlock new colors. 600 Twitter followers - one new color 600 Facebook followers - one new color 50 posts of you playing cards with the hashtag #stackyourdeck or #wheredoyouplay - one new color Summary of rewards and how to get them Kickstarter's reward tier system makes it tough to mix and match rewards. Since each backer can only pick one reward level, it's not like an online shopping cart where you can keep adding items. It also gets confusing to backers if you add every possible combination of rewards. So here's a table showing the different rewards and how you'll be able to get them. You'll have the ability to add on all of the stretch goals that have been unlocked and Single Deckers at the end of the campaign. The Card Caddy is the heart of fully customizable gaming storage and play system Ditch the paper and pencil - use the scoring pad attachment The Card Caddy is great for gamers of all ages and types. Here are the reviews of the original ranging from parenting bloggers to the most demanding gaming reviewers: Bearded Meeple: Cardboard boxes tearing open? Tuck boxes just don't cut it? Get a Card Caddy from Narrows Hill. Boardgaming for the Win: This is great to keep your deck of cards protected & with one side converting to a discard pile holder Polyhedron Collider: ...the Card Caddy is going to be your friend Beards and Boardgames: Video review Cloak and Meeple: Spotlight, Card Caddy NonPerfectParenting: Card Caddy is Perfect for Players on the Go Table by Teresa: Organization that Won't Kill Your Wallet Sweepstakes Diva: "This is an awesome little device..." South Shore Parenting: "From now on, all of our decks will be stored in a Card Caddy" GameNite Magazine: "Nice unit for gamers who like to travel . . ." Are you wondering how tough the Card Caddy is? Here are some videos of us putting it through the paces: Card Caddy vs Paint Shaker: Some online commenters have been concerned that the support ribs inside the Card Caddy could dent their cards.So I took a few Card Caddies to my local paint store to see how the cards held up after a run in the shaker. (Spoiler alert: the cards weren't dented at all) Card Caddy vs Golf Cart: Are you worried that the Card Caddy will pop open in your bag or backpack? We simulated a very rough trip to your FLGS by putting it in a backpack and dragging it up and down the road. Card Caddy vs Man: Wondering how strong the Card Caddy is? We subject it to a series of rigorous weight tests (i.e. me standing on it). From every angle, the Card Caddy held up and will keep your deck safe and sound. All rewards have FREE shipping to the entire U.S. (a $4 value). International backers will have the additional shipping cost added to their total after they make their reward commitment. The adder for each region for the single Double Decker you'll see will be: Canada: $3 EU: $5 Austrailia: $6 Rest of World: $10 For each larger reward level, add around $1 to each shipping total. We're not "overseas friendly" yet - sorry. I'll be doing the international orders out of the US for now. Most rewards should be delivered by July 2016. It takes 2 weeks for Kickstarter to process and deliver the funds to me, but I will place the order for the tooling the day the campaign is fully funded. April and May will be for the reward production, and rewards should arrive to me by the end of June. Here is generally how the funds break down for the $9,000 goal if you're interested: $5,000 - production of the initial run of double deckers, packaged and shipped to me $2,500 - shipping costs of the rewards (materials, services and actual shipping costs) $600 contingency (reserve for unexpected events -- customs inspections, currency rates, etc) $900 in Kickstarter and processing fees I have obtained external funding for production of the tooling (~$15,000). The Triple Decker stretch goal is pretty similar in breakdown - it will be slightly more to produce the tooling, production and shipping because of the size difference. Most of the rest of the stretch goals have less costly tooling and production cost, and shipping isn't a separate item since they will only be add-ons to a Double or Triple. Hopefully, you think this is a great idea and you've already picked out your reward and are hoping we hit one or more of the stretch goals. How else can YOU help us get there? The best way is by spreading the word to your network about this campaign. Right under the video, there are share buttons for most major social media sites. Use them - they really work! You can also follow/like/pin/etc the Card Caddy through our handles. We'll announce events and stretch goals through our social media outlets: Sign up for our email list <url>