Code Hero is a game that teaches you how to make games so you can learn to code while you play with a Code Gun that shoots Javascript in Unity 3D! WE DID IT AND WE CAN DO IT AGAIN! WE HAVE 5 HOURS LEFT TO RAISE $200K! IF WE REACH 200 WE CAN MAKE CODE HERO AN MMO MULTIVERSE IN ADDITION TO SINGLE PLAYER! SPREAD THE WORD! Now's our chance to accelerate our momentum to reach $200K so we can add multiplayer! Let's front page Reddit today! Just hours left to make indie history with games that teach people how to make games. Here's the announcement video of what happens next (Don't miss the party invite!): Code Hero Hero's Kickstarter Victory party will be tomorrow Thursday night at 7PM in San Francisco. Pledge to receive directions as it is a private party and all backers can check the latest update to find information about the party! The Code Hero Army has outdone itself already and the next 39 hours will be our finest: Let us make indie crowd funding history together so that we can build the ultimate Code Hero! If we raise $200K, we can add Multiplayer! Code Hero's ultimate and most challenging feature to create is multiplayer. For this to be achievable, this Kickstarter cannot rest till the countdown strikes zero! Spreading the word to new backers and telling your backer friends you're upping your pledge level if you want awesomer rewards are both good ways to encourage growth! READ MORE ABOUT ADDING MULTIPLAYER AND INSTRUCTIONS FOR SPREADING THE WORD TODAY Read the UPDATES! We're on ALL the news! Join volunteer Code Hero Army to spread it! For international order please include $10 for shipping Code Hero Trailer 2: Operation FizzBoss Everyone Who Pledges Gets the Game Beta When you pledge, you get immediate access to create your account and download the Code Hero game beta. You can try it today and tell your friends to pledge to get their accounts and help fund the development of the full game. Start playing and learning. You'll get the latest versions each time they are released with improvements that your pledge helps fund! This is your code gun! Shoot code to execute it on the target on impact. Copy, tweak and write code to alter the 3D world from the inside out. To move a platform down, shoot hitObject.transform.position.y-=2; Enter the World of Code as a Primer Labs Game Tester and enroll in the mysterious Gamebridge Unityversity to learn enough to challenge FizzBoss! Master the secrets of Codefoo to defeat the devious coding challenges of the FizzBosses FizzBoss is the first test of your code knowledge combining the Javascript and Unity game programming that you learn. ShipBoss ultimately challenges you to make a game of your own to earn a place as a Shipped Officer on the Real Artists Ship! JobBoss tests your ability to do advanced challenges that could get you job interviews with top game companies! Master the Unity3D game engine from the inside out to make games of your own and master the full stack to become the next code hero! What you learn to make with Unity The Unity game engine that Code Hero teaches you how to code in is the ultimate indie game development powerhouse. You can use Javascript, C#, and Python-like Boo to write games that run on everything: Mac, Windows, iOS, Android, XBox 360, Playstation 3, Wii, Web player, Flash, Native Client... You can put what you make into the App Stores and have your creations for sale to start your own indie game company! Master the Unity3D game engine from the inside out to make games of your own and become the next code hero! Who We Are I'm Alex Peake the founder of Primer Labs and I've spent the last year building Code Hero as an indie game with the Primer Labs team so you could play it. I've taken it as far as I can on my own and I need your help to make Code Hero the game that can turn you into a game programmer. i have some of the most talented people in the world ready to work on this to take it way beyond what I could do by myself. What we need funding to do Most games cost millions of dollars to make. Code Hero is more ambitious than most games. Code Hero is carefully designed to be achievable for much less money by having 4 programmers and 2 artists work for six months to predict a carefully planned new kind of game that is made possible by the quality of these people, the brilliance of the Unity game engine and the release of each version so you can help us improve it continuously. The New Artist Code Hero's new led artist is Gizmo of Farbrausch demo crew and Gamebrausch Studios, a legend amongst creatives who has produced tech that was often 5 years ahead of the commercial game industry such as Kkrieger, a Doom 3-level engine and game in 95K. The Coder Challenge: Kickstart Your Game Making! Make your own game and make something awesome to submit to kickstarter yourself! We'll send a Primer Labs lab coat to everyone who posts their game on Kickstarter! The 1 K12 Code Hero School Challenge Give your children more than a game: Give their whole school programming peers that will engage and inspire each other. A parent, teacher, student, administrator or entrepreneurial youth can pledge to give a school of their choosing a special school-wide Code Hero access. All their students will receive school accounts for Code Hero. Teachers will be trained by the Code Hero team to be able to mentor students who can mentor each other. Code Hero School will feature advanced metrics and collaborative gameplay that will allow teachers to integrate it into making projects for every subject and class in the school. Art classes can produce game art for history projects that become simulated historical worlds with math class showing how engineering created disruptive new industries that economics class analyzes for modern parallels [HINT HINT]. Check out Hack The Future and Unityversity to see how we teach large groups of kids already to make and present games on their first day. PETITIONERS WELCOME. You can pledge at this level to petition your school to try it: Call them, ask them if they will accept it on behalf of all their students. This doesn't require a school approval process or a strategy session: It just opens the door for a new kind of education through games that kids actually want and enjoy! UNCONDITIONAL GIVING: If you can't get a school to accept, you can give it directly to the students of the school to form a Code Club to provide the power of one good example: a school where every student can code fluently and create games as group projects as easily as presentation poster boards and science fair exhibits. Every state needs at least one representative that will take up the Code Year challenge to show there is no state that is not ready to become an economic powerhouse, that there is no district that can't emulate Silicon Valley, and that there is no school that can't become a flourishing entrepreneurial hotbed of student-created startups! Testers Trying Code Hero Here are two of our first testers to try the beta in their own words. They had played just a cakeslice of what we were buiding, but they made us realize immediately that Code Hero makes sense to people who have played Portal and Minecraft, two of our favorite games. We think in the future, every school will buy an educational bundle through Steam for Education with a Minecraft for Schools / Portal Science / Code Hero package. We'd love to talk to Mojang and other edutech games about collaborating in schools! Steampunk Computing: Babbage & Lovelace One of the worst investment decisions in human history was cutting funding to the inventors of computers, Charles Babbage and Ada Lovelace. Computers turned out to be a pretty keen idea after all, yet less than 1% of humans can code. Code Hero includes steampunk missions where you help Ada and Charles Babbage construct a 3D replica of the Difference Engine whose replica is actually built and working in its entirety at the Computer Histroy Museum. Giving everyone the gift of code literacy is the first step towards investing in our creativity and setting ourselves free to invent the future! Alex at Humanity+ @Caltech: As we make game AIs to be our machine mentors teaching us to make better game AIs, what happens when we make machines that make us make them make us into them? Thank you for your support! You can find more details about Code Hero on our site: <url>{ Smashes( dollars * days * days * viral ); } (NOTE: You get to PLAY the beta now by pledging & make it a success! If it isn't funded you get refunded so there's no reason not to pledge!)