COLLAR PERFECT: The Perfect Transforming Ironing Solution for the On-The-Go Lifestyle Collar Perfect was formed with the vision to redefine the personal appearance in today's busy lifestyle. No longer does an individual need to spend hours laboring to iron their clothes. Today, we are a generation of on-the-go and convenient living. We don’t have time to find an ironing board, track down an iron, and tear apart a shirt in frustration. Think of all the polo shirts sitting in the closet because the collars no longer stay flat, button up shirts that never flatten out, or pant creases you just don't have time to perfect. Until now, there seemed to be no simple solution to the centuries old problem of how to fix a wrinkly garment. Ironing Board Frustration We invented a new solution that forever ends the frustration of conventional ironing. Collar Perfect allows quick touch-ups in traditionally the hardest places to iron. Collars, pockets, between buttons, pant creases, and every thread in-between can now be pressed on the go. Collar Perfect speeds up the ironing process through spot treatments of the garment, and promises to remove frustrations around the ironing board. It is the only on-the-go, on-the-body solution, yet is versatile enough to transform itself for traditional ironing applications when needed. This patent-pending solution is the Perfect solution to iron out the wrinkles in your life. Working Prototype: The Perfect Touch Up Position Working Prototype: The Transformed Conventional Ironing Position The Perfect News Stories Gizmodo: This Tiny Transforming Travel Iron Should Be the First Thing You Pack USA Today: Ingenious Travel Iron Smooths Your Threads on the Fly Gizmag: Collar Perfect iron lets users iron hard-to-reach places Yahoo: Insane Travel Kickstarters We Need Right Now The Art of the Kickstart: How to Turn Common Problems into Profitable Kickstarter Companies Charlotte Chamber Of Commerce: 2014 NorthWest PowerUp Edison Nation: ProtoTYPING: A ‘Perfect’ Product Idea Real Men Real Style: Creative Style Innovations For Men The Kim Power Stilson Radio Show: Finding a Simple Solution Fox News: Insane Travel Kickstarters We Need Right Now Travel on The Dollar: Carry this perfect iron the next time you travel Digital Trends: Collar Perfect is the redesigned clothing iron we've all been waiting for WanderLuxe: Other Crazy Travel Inventions Choose Your Cuffs: Five Menswear Companies to Explore The Best Crowdfunding Website: Collar Perfect, Goodbye Wrinkles! The Perfect Solution While we continue to find endless ways to use Collar Perfect, here are a few to get you started. Shirt Collars Between Buttons Skirt Hems Shirt Pockets Pant Front Creases Conventional Ironing The Perfect Features Rotating Power Cord - perfect to provide improved user ability in detailing and ironing scenarios Support for 110V or 220V power requirements 5 Adjustable Temperature Settings - perfect for any temperature (Poly, Silk, Wool, Cotton, Denim, and Linen) Adjustable Wings - perfect for when you need more than a touch-up with conventional ironing Small, Light-Weight, and Compact - perfect for any situation Our Journey's Evolution We initially stepped out for our Journey in February of 2013 with the need to find a simple solution for wrinkled collars. Along our journey, we couldn't find the perfect solution that was simple enough to use and that actually solved our problem. So, we decided to make our own design. Early Concept Drawing We went through multiple concept design models and settled for the one that provided the best features and capabilities. We wanted something that would be quick and easy to use, and what we arrived at was the idea for Collar Perfect, a patent pending, simple ironing device that sits within the palm of your hand and doesn't need an ironing board. Early Prototype Drawing Originally, our journey was after something to just resolve issues for shirt collars. But then we found an opportunity to do more. We added an angled design to better fit along the flow of a collar. Next we streamlined the design to fit perfectly around buttons. Then we scaled the size to fit perfectly for pockets and other small spaces. Finally, we added the ability to transition the wings 90 degrees for when life demands more than touch-ups. Conventional Ironing Position Next Steps in Our Journey We have completed multiple patent-pending steps to safeguard our functionality and design. We have completed several prototypes and are ready to enter into our pre-production phases. With your support on Kickstarter, we will be able to complete our tooling expenses, manufacturing expenses, and cover the minimum order requirements from the manufacturer. Additionally, your support will allow us to complete the packaging, logistics, and shipping requirements to get Collar Perfect into your life as soon as possible. Projected Production Plan: Design Finalization (Aug. - Sept. 2014) – We will complete the final prototype designs and improvements. Manufacturing Sourcing (Oct. – Nov. 2014) – We have selected an experienced partner to find the Perfect manufacturer that has proven experience and quality. Production & Packaging Qualification (Nov. - Dec. 2014) - Once a contract manufacturer is selected, we will need to validate the manufacturing process so that we can deliver the finished product within defined specifications and tolerances. This stage will also complete the packaging specification and perform a live shipment test to confirm packaging suitability. Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment (Dec. - Apr. 2015) - The manufacturer will produce the orders for our Kickstarter backers, complete UL rating certification, and perform quality control to ensure you receive the Perfect Collar Perfect. We will begin making shipments at the end of March through early April. Why Kickstarter and How You Can Support We are a small team with a Perfect vision. Kickstarter is amazing because it allows those who believe in what we are doing to help bring our dream to life by supporting our efforts. By backing the Collar Perfect project on Kickstarter, you enable us to put Collar Perfect in your hands first! With your help, we can make Collar Perfect a reality. We will be able to cover the costs of tooling, manufacturing, and UL certification. By supporting us today, you will receive the very first Collar Perfects from the production line at an early market discount, from the retail pricing slated for $29.95. We have worked hard to provide a range of pledge levels to appeal to everyone’s tastes and needs, so pick the level that is Perfect for you. If you like what we are doing, please show your support and share our journey. Share the Perfection with your family and friends on Facebook and Twitter. Pin our journey in Pinterest. Help us to reach our goal to bring the first Collar Perfect to you earlier in our journey and know that you had a part in making something Great. About Us We founded Collar Perfect in order to find a Perfect solution to an everyday problem. We hope that you will support our journey with a Perfect Pledge today! Brandon Dierker has worked in operational and strategic management positions for the last 10 years. During this time, he worked on several strategic initiatives, created operational strategies based on lean six sigma principles, and developed new business service lines. Creating these service lines became a start-up effort to bring in new servicing and product opportunities from contract phase to full production. Spearheading these efforts has provided an entrepreneurial spirit, knowledge, and drive. David Mastrogiovanni founded a serving organization that has become one of the fastest growing companies in 2013 according to INC Magazine. His firm completed more than 1,000,000 service calls nationwide over the last 18 years. Knowing customer service, lean principles, and cost-effective principles has driven his company to the top of its field. Industrial Design Partnership - We have been working with Enventys, a Charlotte-based invention consulting company, to design and build our initial prototypes. Enventys has a solid foundation in product development and design on through the manufacturing stage and is staffed with talented electrical, mechanical, and industrial engineers. Enventys also produces the Everyday Edisons television show on PBS, supports Edison Nation, and produces the Inventors Digest publication. Compact and Designed with Travel in Mind