Hey, welcome to my Kickstarter! Bring a beverage of your choice and join the circle around the campfire while I sing to you about love and the Old Ones and the mysteries of the Earth. Actually, before I can sing you these songs, I need your help. Getting new music out into the world is expensive, especially for an independent artist who doesn’t have a record label to pay the production costs. But one of the best things about being an indie artist is that instead of a record label, I have you, the fans—YOU are my record label! I’m making this music for you, and so it’s only fitting that you have the opportunity to be part of the process. As many of you know, I’ve been a singer-songwriter since I was a skinny teenager. Most of the songs I wrote back then were just what you’d expect from an angsty young guy who listened to a lot of that classic seventies folk-rock sound. But the more I wrote, the better I got at it, and by the time I was in my early twenties, I was creating songs that were good enough that I continue to play some of them today. (In fact, you’ll get to hear one of those songs on the new CD.) Fast forward about ten years, and there I was singing, guitaring, and banging the bodhran as a member of Emerald Rose. The guys and I are still together, playing our special brand of Celtic-American folk rock, but not all the songs I write are Emerald Rose songs. By 2008 I had enough of these songs that the time had clearly come to record a solo CD, and the result was Poetry of Wonder. Now my store of solo songs has reached critical mass again, the fire is in my head, and the time for new music has arrived! So let’s talk about this new CD, which I’m already at work recording in the Kitchen Studio. It’s called Dance in the Fire, and you can expect a lot of energy and beats that are going to want to make you move. You’ll also hear soulful love songs, chants that honor the seasons and our connections to Spirit, rousing rock anthems that you won’t be able to stop singing along with (so my Lovely Wife tells me), and more. But to get all of this out into the world, I need your help. I am fortunate to have a home recording studio (although it’s occasionally invaded by cats and a writer looking for coffee), so studio time is one expense I don’t have to worry about. However, after I finish the recording process, I need to have the tracks professionally mastered, and after that comes the production of the actual CDs themselves, together with basic promotion costs. (And I’ve got to make all this swag you’re going to get!) If I had to fund the mastering and production on my own, you’d probably have to wait a couple more years for Dance in the Fire. With your help, though, I can bring these songs to your favorite music-delivery device this very summer. So contribute what you can, and then join me at the campfire—and dance! Well, here are the PUSH GOALS. I thought about making the CD packaging bigger and better, but I think that is the attitude of my generation. Many of you will rip the music to digital, and never look at the package again. So If we reach 2750, I will upgrade the t-shirts to a thicker weight, and anyone who pledges forty bucks or more will get one. If we reach 3500, I will be able to produce my next solo collection, tentatively called, Words of Mystery, and anyone who pledged forty or more will also get a copy of these bardic tales when it becomes available in the fall. So spread the word and lets bump this up. To be clear, if we hit 3500, everyone who has pledged forty dollars or more will get Dance in the Fire, a t-shirt, a tattoo, Words of Mystery and I will throw in a copy of Poetry of Wonder for good measure. Thanks!!!!! There are lots of prizes for you participation Temporary tattoos! Phlogiston Sticker My first solo Cd. Bodhran Lessons and personal songs written just for you. A concert or Bardic workshop in your living or back yard If we meet our goal, and I know you wont let me down. I have several push goals that I will use the extra resources for. First, if there is enough, I will add an insert to the CD with lyrics and thank yous for your hard work. Stay tuned as we get closer to the goal, and I will reveal more of those extra plans. Let's roll!