Get your Boolze on! Get peddling with Boolze and experience true hands-free freedom with your phone This innovative new cell phone mount is the perfect solution for freeing your hands and mind from dangerous distractions when commuting on two wheels. The Boolze cell phone and tablet mount lets you stay in touch without touching your cell. Use your navigation or anything else hands-free while getting around town on your bike Our patented design is simple yet rugged. It mounts in seconds with super unique patented design. Clamp Boolze to your bike handlebars, stroller, scooter, even your moped or a Segway. What makes Boolze the Only phone holster you will need: Take the Boozle challenge! and see how Boozle stands up to tough terrain! -- The ultimate patented phone holder you will ever use!!!-- 1.Strength: Boozle strong and unique patented design is based on maximum simplicity and efficiency, No moving parts to brake, No frames to break, No inefficient cushions that wear off, No straps that wear and tear very fast, No parts that go out of sync, simply the ultimate device you will ever need and use with any phone. 2.Simple Suction Lock: Boozle rocks simplicity and strength. Boolze uses a straight-forward suction lock to the back of your phone, this is why it can hold any phone and even tablet! 3.Speed: With Boolze you can snap your phone to the mount and go in seconds, with the flip of your finger, the simple and strong patented design allows you to be "on the go" in seconds without worries or complications. 4.Universal Phone and Tablet holder:The Boozle fits all phone models, all phone types and even tablets. Boolze smart design enable any user to use any phone with out any limitation of size or shape and yet allows you to use all the phone features and buttons with no limits or obstructions of the screen or phone sides. 5.Durability: Boolze stands up to rugged trails and city streets, it is so rugged that your phone won’t fall off even if you let your bicycle drop to the side from a standing position, so you don’t need to worry about your phone flying of in case you need to react quickly to a situation! No shake or rattling when rolling About the project The Boozle’s simple design makes it a perfect fit for all types of phones and lets you use all your phone’s features including navigation while on the go. Perfect for city commuters, blazing new bike trails, and even for walks with the stroller. Keep your hands free for more important things. What makes the Boolze awesome is the elephant-strong and easy to use suction-based clamp. Just secure the mount to your bike and with one click your phone is secured and you have instant hassle free and hands-free use of your mobile phone. Boolze fits all models of mobile phone - one size truly does fit all. What is Boolze and why we think you’ll love it The concept for Boolze began 4 years ago with an observation by the inventor that more and more people commute using two wheels without an adequate way to mount a cell phone securely on the handlebars. As David explains, “My goal from the beginning was simple: “to let you “stay ‘in touch’ without having to touch your cell.” We have now perfected a way to let you use all the functionality of your phone while on your bike or motorcycle. It can dish up what the roads throw at it with a super strong vacuum suction clamp. Check out the video to see how it works. Why do we need your help now? This campaign is about sharing our exciting innovation with you – the real world users. We have brought the product as far as we can ourselves. We have tested it, refined it, and tested some more. What you get is the patented result of careful engineering and several design iterations. Boolze is an awesome mount for any cell phone model for a user that appreciates simple functionality. We make your daily commute safer and less stressful. As the innovative creator of Boolze David explains, “Now you’re free to keep in touch without touching!” After multiple design stages this tried and tested product is ready to roll. You’ll wonder what you did without it. No more fumbling for the phone while zipping through traffic. No taking your eyes off the road or trail to look at the navigation/GPS it’s all ‘heads up and hands free’. What makes the Boolze unique? The product’s simple design makes it easy to mount in seconds and swap between your bike, the motorcycle, and even a treadmill. It also fits all models of mobile phones. With a sleek yet sturdy Boolze securely mounted to your handlebars you’re ready to roll. Now no matter how you get around (bike, scooter, moped or with the other ‘stroller moms’ for a walk) you can instantly access navigation/voice and other functions. Strength and simplicity = Boolze cell phone mount Why the Boolze? After significant lab and road testing the design of Boolze stands up to whatever punishment the daily commute can throw its way. Is it strong? Ohh ya. Like elephant trunk strong. Check out the video! You bet! And durable! Apart from sleek design and lightning quick set up – the super powerful vacuum clamp on the Boolze mount keeps your device safe on even the bumpiest trails and pot-hole infested city streets. The Details The hard work is done. We are ready to share the Boolze with the world. The product design has been in the works for about four years and has been through serious testing to be sure it can take the knocks and ruts of real life. Now, we can hit the streets … with your help. Discussions are well underway with manufacturers and we are ready to start production immediately on funding. We’re hoping to have the first batch of your Boolze mounts shipped in time for summer cruising. We are asking for your help getting product to your doorstep (or more accurately – to your handlebars). The Boolze was made for everyone - urban and rural commuters and ‘weekend warriors’. Ultimately, we plan to get this awesome design to as many people as possible globally. Design features What sets our Boolze apart from the competition? Quality, strength and speed! An ultra-strong and ‘unshakable’ gripping vacuum lock that can take whatever shock or bump or rut the road throws at it. Whether you’re juggling a little one in the stroller or biking to work, this Boolze gives you back your freedom (and both hands). Thanks to its simple structure it mounts to your handlebars or a treadmill in seconds. Even more importantly, your mobile phone stays mounted securely with one ‘click’. Just click it and go. The Boolze won’t blow off or shake off – even cruising on your motorbike. It keeps your device safe and snug. Boolze gives you: • Patented hands-free use of your cell (click it and forget it!) • Smart cycling and driving navigation with GPS/navigation • Suitable for all types of smart phones Available in a variety of colors including black and white, the Boolze is a modern and reliable product for your lifestyle The Boolze is a welcome addition and is indispensable in a world where two-wheel commuting is common practice. Get ready for true freedom with hands free navigation/GPS. Of course, what’s function without some style? Boolze comes in a variety of colors (including black and white naturally). Timing for Production? The patent-pending design has been tested and is ready for production. We would LOVE to send you a Boolze as early as June/July 2015 but first we need backers for production. We are ready with loads of perks and huge thanks for all supporters. WHY DO WE NEED FUNDING? We will be able to pay for manufacturing and distribution in the near future. Our dream is to help you get cycling and using your phone ‘hands free’ as soon as possible. One thing we are sure of is that the discounts available during our campaign will be better than any eventual retail pricing we can offer. We want to say thank you in the best way possible through this campaign.