WE NEED YOU:. We at Control VR are excited to share our unique technology with you. Over the past twenty years we have been working to develop precision and freedom in motion tracking technology that allows you, the gamer, the animator, the architect, the engineer, the web surfer, to reach out and interact with virtual worlds with your hands and fingers. We are doing everything in our power to provide the most cost effective and accurate solution in cutting edge motion capture. We need you, the community, to take the next step and create the applications of the future that will change the world. Step away from confined spaces and enter into the world of Control VR as we build a brighter tomorrow. - Alex Sarnoff, CEO Control VR testimonials from E3 "It allows social communication to go to that next level." - Forbes "Control VR can map precise arm and finger motions without the use of an external camera." - The Verge "E3 attendees were able to move their arms, hands and fingers with the movements nearly instantly tracked in-game." -Los Angeles Times "Imagine seeing your hands accurately represented in-game as they hold a gun or cast a spell," -joystiq "... control virtual objects like game characters and 3D animations, or even physical devices like robots or military hardware." - Engadget "Control VR mitts are like the PowerGlove you always wanted." - Gizmodo "Virtual reality headsets are super cool, but they need new types of input methods to go with them to make their experiences truly immersive." -The Next Web Control VR reviewed by Tested THE WORLDS FIRST WEARABLE MOTION CAPTURE WITH FINGERS From the leaders in motion sensor technologies: Control VR is a next-generation wearable technology that turns your hands into the ultimate intuitive controller for PCs, tablets, virtual reality and robotics. Control VR provides users with a fully immersive sense of virtual reality. This patented technology far exceeds predecessors by utilizing the smallest inertial sensors, ultra low- latency and ergonomic design. Complete control of any visual display currently on the market using unlimited hand gestures, without being confined to a camera’s line-of-sight. The latest evolution of human-technology interaction is now limitless - freely control the world like never before. What can I use it with? - EVERYTHING YOU WANT Control VR was designed to be versatile and used with a variety of operating systems and platforms. The development kit comes with more than 10 free applications for the PC as well as an open source SDK for developers to create the applications of the future with Oculus VR, Google Glass, Unity, Unreal, Autodesk software and even the Parrot AR Drone! "This is the most significant development in VR since Oculus. Control VR is finally providing users with the intuitive control system we've all been waiting for. I’m incredibly excited for gamers to get their hands into the gloves and experience the future of VR gaming." - Greg Goodrich, Veteran Game Industry Producer Affordable Motion Capture for Animation: Oculus VR: Finally, you can use and see your hands, arms and fingers within the virtual world in six degrees of freedom. Say hello to the very best finger-tracking in the world, and goodbye to inferior optical solutions. Control VR is the only control system that allows your hands to be free for other activities like writing, using a joystick, keyboard or holding a physical object. "We have been looking for motion capture solutions for awhile and were blown away after testing Control VR's advanced technology. We are excited to see how their transformative technology shakes up the input device market for games." -George Bloom, Executive Producer at CBS Digital: Virtual Sign Language: Go to Work in a Virtual Office!!! Multiplayer Social VR: Fly a Quadcopter with your Hands Control VR provides an intuitive way to fly your quadcopter with your hands. Especially when combined with an HUD such as Oculus, flying a quadcopter with a standard controller can be awkward and difficult. Make it intuitive and try Control VR as the latest control system for navigation. Next-Generation Input Device for Google Glass Control VR provides a more robust way for users to navigate menus and unlock the power of Google Glass and other augmented reality systems. Go beyond voice commands and swiping and create the next level of Google Glass applications. Next-Level Navigation on the PC: Control VR provides an easy and intuitive way to navigate PC applications using you hand movements without limiting you to specific lighting conditions or line-of-sight issues found with optical hand tracking solutions Surf the Web with Control VR Work with AutoCAD WORLD CHANGING APPLICATIONS: Control VR has set out to change the world and provide the tools you need to control your world like you’ve always imagined and for developers to start making applications that will improve our lives for the better. Surgery Simulator Gamified Physical Therapy The SDK makes integration easy We’ve already developed a robust SDK that has been provided to professional developers to integrate with their new and existing applications. We are hard at work making this SDK more user-friendly. Our team and significant clients have been working with our SDK for over two years now and we’re excited to make it optimal for the Control VR developer community. All of the Control VR developer kits include access to the Control VR Developer Center, which provides the SDK, training videos, technical support, and serves as a community for Control VR developers. The SDK includes clean well-documented code, exciting samples, and clear video tutorials to make integration with any 3D game or application as easy as possible. We’re also working on out-of-the-box engine integrations for Unreal Engine, Autodesk software and Unity, so that anyone interested in working with Control VR, including indie developers, can get started right away! Plugins included which make the development kit immediately ready for use with Unity, Unreal Engine 4, MotionBuilder, 3Ds MAX, MAYA, and SolidWorks. Who We Are: Control VR is led by a team of industry veterans passionate about changing the way people experience the world forever. We’ve tackled projects of similar scope: we’ve designed and manufactured consumer hardware; we’ve built well-adopted software development kits for multiple industries; and now we’re excited to build a product that can so radically change the way people play their favorite video games and communicate with each other. We are passionate about changing the way people experience the world forever and providing developers the tools to create the game-changing apps of tomorrow. Supported by nearly 20 years of development, our breakthrough technology has been trusted by Fortune 500 companies and leading technology corporations such as Raytheon, NASA, and UbiSoft. With incredibly accurate inertial sensors, ultra-low latency, and an ergonomic and intuitive design Control VR provides a truly immersive experience that allows you to control and explore your world like never before. "I've worked with the engineers from Control VR for years, using their technology to deepen our understanding of mobility in normal aging as well as those with Parkinson's disease. In order to advance research, we need to be able to afford these new technologies that were previously very expensive. Now that the price is reduced to consumer levels, I see a revolution for every industry that uses motion capture, as well as ones that previously could not afford it.” -Christian Duval PhD., Leading Movement Disorder Specialist "Having worked with Ali Kord, Co-CTO of Control VR, for 5 years, I am excited to see them rock the world of gaming, education, animation, engineering and beyond. The VR Glove represents nearly two decades of research and a series of engineering breakthroughs that significantly impacts our ability to interact through gestures with virtual worlds. Control VR has put together an impressive team with deep roots in inertial motion capture and can make the VR Glove happen with the support of the Kickstarter community." -Dr. Martin White, Director of Informatics Lab at Sussex University "Control VR's technology is a game-changer and if it was able to create advanced motion capture solutions for SKODA, it’s incredible to imagine what this technology can do for gaming and the VR industry. If anybody’s going to tackle this on a mass-market scale, we think it's Control VR. I’d strongly encourage the community to support this Kickstarter campaign." -Andrej Bednar, Head of Skoda Digital Factory Department No backers will be left in the dark! Control VR is developing a community of users and developers. We will keep all backers updated on progress of the fund raising as well as the production and distribution of the product. And for the tech savvy, we are already working on a hybrid solution that will be offered with our consumer release that will incorporate one camera worn on the body, providing a perfect system that incorporates the best of all technologies and will be presented at an affordable consumer price. Your support now drives this technology forward and allows us to deliver what everyone wants and is waiting for. As such, we will always honor our community and will make sure everyone is able to upgrade to the latest version without having to buy a new system. When we say we want to embrace the community we actually mean it. Developers are going to make this technology happen at a price that is affordable for mass adoption by proving the necessary volume to lower our costs to produce. Even though the consumer version is still a ways down the road, the early developer kit’s hardware design is cutting edge, with technical specifications above and beyond any other input system available today. Production Timeline Rewards & Fulfillment We plan to ship the product rewards directly from Amazon Multi-channel fulfillment to our donors using 7-10 day delivery. Production will promptly begin October 1st and delivery of our 1st shipment of orders (1 of 2) will be delivered by Christmas, 2014 with the remaining shipment delivered January 2015. We will be keep our supporters informed on our progress through the various phases of our development and production process, and will look to beat our guaranteed dates. Delays shouldn’t occur, however should we experience unforeseen challenges in the ramping up of production we have great confidence in our team’s 20+ years in this space managing and overseeing these very issues. Our supporters should rest assured that we can and will act swiftly to resolve any issues that do arise.