Pictures of limited edition Kickstarter Edition below! Once the project has ended, you will get a questionnaire through Kickstarter to give your color choices and shipping address. Red is now in production and available in all reward levels! Hi! I'm Eric, owner and maker at Corter Leather. Corter is a one-man company- I make every single piece by hand with no machines in my apartment studio. This Kickstarter campaign is to help fund the production of my first non-leather item that I designed called the Bottlehook. It's the first piece I'm not 100% making with my own two hands. The Bottlehook is very simple; it's a beautiful key hook for your belt loop that also opens bottles, and includes a natural hand-stamped leather tab for your info in case it's left somewhere. It comes in a hand stamped gift box, and solves a whole slew of problems: -It's made in the USA. The hooks and split rings come from California, the solid copper O rings are each hand made in Montana, and the leather tabs come from my Boston shop. Then I assemble every one by hand. -It's cast out of steel for strength, then plated for looks. Because of this it's also very light, measuring 3" tall, 1.5" at it's widest point, and a little less than 1/4" thick. No more replacing those chewed up aluminum bottle openers every 6 months. -There's a spot for your info, because once in a while we all open a few too many and forget to put our keys back on our belt loop. The natural veg tanned leather ages beautifully to a dark carmel color because it's not dyed or oiled. -There are no moving parts to break, which means you won't be locked out of the house like that time the spring on your carabiner broke and you lost all your keys. -It's a damn good bottle opener. I've had many bottle openers on my keychain, and they all lack something (looking at you, anodized-shark-jaw-opener). This is a full sized bottle opener with a handle big enough to get plenty of leverage. You don't need to fumble to find it on your ring either- just slide it off your belt loop or out of your pocket, pop your favorite drink, and slide it right back on. -It looks awesome.I wanted to design something that stood the test of time, so I turned to advertising key rings from the early 1900's for inspiration. The plating and natural leather will patina over time, making it an heirloom quality piece. -It stays on great, as it's locked onto your belt loop by the bottle opener. I've worn an old belt loop key hook for over 6 years riding my bike around the city and never lost it. When I wore carabiners, I lost 2 in about a years time. For this Kickstarter campaign, I've sourced some very rare green Shell Cordovan from Horween to provide a special limited reward. Shell Cordovan is known as one of the nicest leathers in the world, and it takes over 6 months to produce each 4 sq. ft. hide at Horween's factory in Chicago. You can use a wood burner or soldering iron to brand your info, or just admire the tab...Shell Cordovan is beautiful.