Hello! - Thank you for stopping by and checking us out. We're proud to introduce the first lockable and encrypted USB drive ever! A special thank you to eah-and-every one of our backers for their kindness and support! If you missed our Kickstarter campaign check us out at www.crypteks.com "A USB stick for the crypto-geek in us all" Christina Ortiz - Discovery Tech "A perfect stocking stuffer for the secretive and security-obsessed" Uncrate "Crypteks: Encrypted, Combo-Locked USB Stick For the Seriously Paranoid" Charlie Sorrel - WIRED "Crypteks USB Super-Secures Your Digital Stash" Andrew Tarantola - Gizmodo "Crypteks USB drive proves that you don't have to sacrifice the maximum possible level of security for good looks" Chris Pirillo - LockerGnome What is the Crypteks USB™? The Crypteks USB™ is one of the first (the first as far as we know!) physically locking USB storage devices to feature 256-bit AES Hardware Encryption. It's also really small! Measuring approx 3.1" x 1.1". We worked really hard to bring together inspiring features from top-tier consumer products and rolled them into a single product that is both stylish and extremely functional. A lot of emphasis was given to using the best quality materials possible as well as a really fine attention to detail with respect to construction, laser etching, and general assembly. The Crypteks USB™ was designed to make a bold yet elegant statement and to absolutely-hands-down guarantee your personal information is always personal. Visit our partners! Crypteks USB™ What's it made of? Most of the inner parts are made of ultra-high-grade aluminum alloy finished in a unique anodized layer to help with fingerprints and dust. All of the parts are fabricated using state-of-the-art technologies and feature highly precise tolerances. The custom designed springs are made of high-tensile-strength stainless spring steel and were designed to allow for a stop-motion when turning the outer rings. The end result is simply breathtaking; the motions are extremely precise, it feels great in the hand and all of the parts work together perfectly. Learn More. How do you change the combination? Okay. This was probably where our engineers lost their ability to sleep. The Crypteks USB™ features a user customizable combination that was designed to be VERY simple yet highly secure. Once you remove the USB stick from the housing you can then simply unlock the cap and slide-off all the outer rings. Once you figure out what combination you want to use (14,348,907 possible combinations in all!) simply insert the rings with the new code you want to use aligned with the red dots and you're all set! All of the other inner parts are always neatly tucked inside and there's no need to play around with them (unless you want to!). Specifications What is Hardware Encryption? When we say "Simply Secure" we mean it. Seriously. The Crypteks USB™ features a unique hardware controller built right into the stick itself. This chip is the secret to really great encryption; by actively enforcing a preset password (of your choosing), all of the information stored on the USB stick is automatically encrypted and decrypted. The Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) was voted the best encryption standard by the U.S National Institute of Standards and Technology and then later NSA approved for up to TOP SECRET level data encryption. 256-bit AES encryption is currently the highest presentation of the original cypher and exclusively selected for this project to guarantee the best digital protection possible. What will the funds be used for? Your pledge (and again thank you SO much!) will help us bring this product to as many people as possible! We're trying to raise funding to help us cover the initial tooling costs so we can begin the expensive manufacturing process. It was no small feat getting this far and we really appreciate all the kind help and support. The more units we're able to produce also means our end-product will be less expensive to produce (saving you more money!). More importantly, your feedback on our first product will allow us to fine-tweak every last detail resulting in the best product possible. Special Edition - Black Since our launch we've been getting quite a few requests for a black Crypteks USB™ in 16GB so we couldn't help ourselves and went ahead and made one just for you! Featuring the same amazing solid aluminum alloy construction and a unique anodized layer in black! We hope you like it!