Dark Skyes is a pony dating sim with deep RPG elements, for PC, Mac, and Linux. Four years in the making, Dark Skyes is not your average dating sim. It is a journey that spans multiple continents; a quest of good against evil; and a search for true love, fulfillment, and self discovery--all rolled into one. You are the new pony in town. You've got a lot to prove, and any respect you get must be earned. Most of the ponies in Cirrus City are nice, but they definitely don't trust strangers right off the bat, so you'll have to work hard for them to warm up to you, and build a network of real friends to help you when times get tough. You don't just "win" at a relationship and that's it. Through your interactions with other ponies, you'll have to prove that you're honest, compassionate, kind, loving, and capable of helping a friend in need. If you treat ponies unfairly, or refuse to help out when a fellow pony really needs a hand, expect the game to be a lot harder! If, and only if, you are able to prove to the ponies of this magical land that you are worth a darn, then perhaps you are the one who can bring everyone together and dispel the dark fog that looms on the horizon. You must learn about love, and you must use this love in order to bring light back to the land. During this final part of the game, the odds will be stacked against you, but perhaps if you've got friends at your side and love in your heart, you can make it through to see the light of day. The development team is made up of some of the best and brightest talent from all over the globe, featuring indie game design vets as well as inexperienced young guns with everything to prove and nothing to lose. We're not coming to Kickstarter with some half-baked idea, no no no. In fact, our alpha build is already done, with placeholder artwork (and most of the final artwork is done, just not inserted yet). Nearly every part of the game has already been completed with our own blood, sweat and tears (and of course money). However, putting the finishing touches on this game has proven to be expensive, and we can't just let our awesome artists and voice-over actors to go unpaid. We don't need much more, but realistically we've got to drum up $7500 to get this last round of revisions done, cover all the bases, and make the game as good as it deserves to be. That's it ponies. $7500 isn't much for a game of this scope and quality, and at the end of the day none of us really care about money. We would honestly do this for free if it meant bringing a smile to your faces, and if you seriously can't afford $10 and you want to play this game, email us and we'll hook you up for free. Our goal here is to create a sense of wonderment and awe, and truly convey the ideals of friendship and love through an awesome game that you can play over and over. We hope to create a game that people will remember for a long time, and maybe make a few friends along the way. Thanks for checking us out, and we hope to see you soon! BRO-HOOF!