Some optional game features may add or subtract a small amount of play time Great Gameplay! - Praise from reviewers and gamers of all ages for Darkrock Ventures! High Replayability! - Optional features like the Corporate Sponsors cards allow you to make each game as unique and diverse as you want! High Accessibility! - Darkrock Ventures has a very gentle learning curve and is extremely easy to pick up and play! Backer-only Discounts! - Base price is already $11 off MSRP, with even deeper discounts for multiple copies! Stretch Goals Galore! - Your pledge WILL make the game better! Together we will make it awesome! Bundled Deals Available! - Even deeper discounts AND lower costs for combined shipping Customer Support - It is our duty and honor to put your concerns at ease throughout the ENTIRE production process. If you have a question or just want to say hello, reach out to us! Online and ready to assist you with your Pledge! Base Game Content List We are committed to making Darkrock Ventures the best game possible, and with your help, we can! Every component with planned unlockable upgrades labelled accordingly! Improvements already made through Stretch goals shown in Bold Rule Book High Quality, full wrap box - upgradable! 1 2mm Chipboard Square Leader Token/Turn order reference card with linen finish! 1 Game Board, 2mm thick, 12"x12" Quad-Fold WITH SPOT UV 5 CUSTOM SHAPED Large "Captain" Meeples (one of each player color) 20 CUSTOM SHAPED Small "Crew" Meeples (four of each player color) 5 2mm Chipboard Over-Sized Mining Vessel Tracker cards (one of each player color) - upgradable! 5 310 GSM Ivory Core Blackjack-Sized Corporate Sponsor cards with linen finish! - Current total: 12 13 310 GSM Ivory Core Blackjack-Sized Therion Marauder cards with linen finish! 5 Cut/Shaped Wooden Score-Tracking tokens (one of each player color) 5 Cut/Shaped Wooden Cargo-Lock tokens, (one of each player color) 36 Cut/Shaped Wooden Resource tokens (10 orange [Iron], 8 blue [Cobalt], 6 white [Platinum], 6 red [Neutronium], 6 yellow [Solar Energy] 18 Translucent Six-Sided Dice (3 of each player color, 2 clear, 1 black) Zip-Lock bags (enough to sort the components anyway you like!) Stretch Goal Potential: Mini-Expansion #1 - Research Deck - Current total: 15 Cards Mini-Expansion #2 -Solo & Co-Op Expansion! *Kickstarter Limited Exclusivity - Some upgrades and stretch goal content may not be included in future print runs or in regular retail distribution. This content may become available again in the future in limited supply at conventions, through contests, BGG store, or directly from Magic Meeple Games / Gamelyn Games. With our bare-minimum funding goal, we can afford to to produce Darkrock Ventures as an outstanding game, but we want to make Darkrock Ventures absolutely AMAZING! To accomplish this, we have planned a feast of Funding-based Stretch Goals and Social-Media-based Achievements. Every dollar pledged, every Re-Tweet, every Facebook follower, every Share, and every one of our champion fans COUNTS and will make Darkrock Ventures a little bit better and a little bit more awesome! Please share this project with EVERYONE and let's bring the best game we can to our community TOGETHER! THANK YOU for your continued support! Funding Stretch Goals: You did it! Spot UV on the game board!! ...even MORE Stretch Goals await! Social Media Achievements: Follow us on Twitter! Like us on Facebook! More followers and more likes = More Content! All this and more make the use of dice in Darkrock Ventures a matter of strategy; planning around partial knowledge and manipulating the odds to suit your objectives...increasing meaningful decisions, not removing them! Your very own Mining Ship! Your Ship and Player Tracker! CREW QUARTERS - This is where your Crew Meeples are stored when they are not in use on the board. In the standard setup, each player begins with three. MINING RIGS - This is where your Mining Rig Dice are kept when not in use. At $0 you have only one, but as you pass the score thresholds of $10 and $20 respectively, you get access to more! SHIP NAME - Each ship has a beautiful crew illustration and will have a unique name...and you could be the one to name it! See the Name-A-Ship! Pledge level! CARGO BAY - As resource tokens are collected, you will need to store them on your ship until they can be exported. In the standard setup, each player begins with three spaces in their Cargo hold, but it can be expanded to hold more! Corporate Sponsors You can use the basic starting loadouts for every player each game, or you can give them a Corporate Sponsor card at random instead to shake things up! The Board and the Dice Place Crew on a Mining Site. When it is your turn to roll your dice, if you can make the total with one of your Rig Dice plus one of the Shared Dice, then you get to collect that resource! The Therion Marauders The Therion Marauders. Once you begin exporting, they'll know it! In space, no one can hear you scream...but they can hear you digging! Once you and your competition begin exporting the valuable ore for cash, a violent and ruthless species of alien space pirates called the Therion Marauders will begin sending ships to assault the asteroid and support satellites in the area in hopes of keeping you occupied or scared until their mothership arrives to claim the asteroid for themselves. But you don't have to take that from them! You will have ample time to plan around these attacks and there are special protective Dome Shields that can be activated by spending Neutronium as a fuel source. If you have any crew assigned to a site that is under attack, you can pay any resource to protect them, or they must flee those sites and return to their quarters on your ship. When a Therion Marauders card is drawn, between 0 and 4 Sites are attacked. If you have any Crew there, you have to raise the shields or flee! Phases of a Round Each round in Darkrock Ventures consists of 5 easy-to-follow steps, thanks to the special aid that will be included in the game, they are easy to follow and remember! Undead Viking has produced an outstanding preview video which does an amazing job explaining the game and how to play! Left Hand Reviews has also produced an outstanding preview video which explains how to play very well! Click HERE to download the Darkrock Ventures rules of Play (Preview version) By now, you've read about how great Darkrock Ventures is, we want to prove it! PRINT IT! PLAY IT! & BACK IT! Follow the links below to find the FREE Print-N-Play preview edition of Darkrock Ventures. Please note: The Rulebook is a separate download. Click the image above to download the Print-N-Play Files Click HERE for the Print-N-Play Rule book (Preview version) Your pledging options are simple: Deluxe PNP kit with Art PDFs Deluxe PNP kit with Art PDFs this PNP kit is an upgrade from the Free PNP in that it includes the final art for the game and will be presented in full color. You will also receive a set of original artwork PDFs to enjoy. (This is a digital reward, redeemable by file link provided via KickStarter mail.) Darkrock Ventures Darkrock Ventures the complete game including ALL unlocked Stretch Goals (in quantities of x1, x2, x4, or x6, Save up to $105 off MSRP and enjoy combined shipping savings with multiple-copy pledges!) Name-A-Corporate Sponsor! Name a Corporate Sponsor Card - There are a limited number of Corporate Sponsor cards in Darkrock Ventures and they all need names! Here is your time to shine, got a creative sci-fi idea? Maybe you want to honor someone special? Maybe a shout out for your own company! You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a final copy of Darkrock Ventures (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) Name-A-Ship! Name a Ship (Player Tracker) Card! - There are exactly five Player Tracker cards in Darkrock Ventures, each representing an independent deep-space mining ship. These ships need names too!Here is your time to shine, got a creative sci-fi idea? Maybe you want to honor someone special? You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a DELUXE Advance prototype so you will get to play the game long before manufacturing is complete. This level also includes an Advance FINAL copy of Darkrock Ventures, which will be airmailed to you before regular distribution and autographed by the development team, includes All unlocked Stretch Goals (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) Name The Darkrock! The Ultimate Pledge! Name the Darkrock! - That big giant rock in the middle of space is in need of a designation as well! You could be the one to name the metal-rich asteroid! This is the ultimate level of Darkrock Ventures honor! You will also be credited in the rulebook as an Honorary Producer! This level also includes a DELUXE Advance prototype so you will get to play the game long before manufacturing is complete. This level also includes an Advance FINAL copy of Darkrock Ventures, which will be airmailed to you before regular distribution and autographed by the development team, includes All unlocked Stretch Goals (LIMITED REWARD, please see the DRV Content Naming Terms below) DRV Content Naming Terms Name submissions must be no shorter than 3 characters and not excessively/unnecessarily long. Name submissions must not clash with the futuristic science fiction theme of the game. Only English letters and Arabic numerals, please. Backers are asked to submit three names in order, with 1 being the most desirable and 2 and 3 being back-ups respectively if the first choice cannot be used. Magic Meeple Games / Gamelyn Games reserve the right to deny or modify name submissions as required, Backers will be given an opportunity to resubmit if this occurs. Backers will not be able to choose which particular card/ship their name submission is given to Darkrock Ventures has been toured to several events and conventions (Tabletop Day events, Strategicon-Gamex, Phoenix Comicon, Origins Game Fair, and we'll be showing it at GenCon...just to name a few) and has been our exclusive focus for the past four months. Everyone who played it with us so far has LOVED IT and we know you will too! But don't take our word for it, check out the reviews Darkrock Ventures has received! Click here to read the full review on CardboardRepublic.com! Click here to see Undead Viking's full review! NEW: Click on the image to read the full review! Click the image to watch Rahdo's Runthrough of Darkrock Ventures! Click on the image to read the full review at Indie Cardboard! Click on the image to read the full review at Giant From the North! Click the image to see Kristen's full writeup about Origins 2015 and Darkrock Ventures! Click on the image to see all of the awesome reviews from BGG users just like you and me! The best thing you can do to help Darkrock Ventures is to donate or pledge. The SECOND best thing you can do to help Darkrock Ventures is to spread the word on your Social Media sites! Here are some fun social media avatars you can use to help express your fandom! Collect them all! The more Followers and Likes we can accumulate means the more people know about our projects, which equals more awesome content in every game! THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! All rewards for this project will be shipped from the USA. Delivering Your Reward Responsibly Our number one goal and responsibility is to deliver the rewards that our backers pledge for. Gamelyn Games brings years of experience to this project and has overseen all of our planning and arrangements to ensure Darkrock Ventures will be delivered to all backers in a timely manner just like all of their previous projects. Every backer is important to us, regardless of location, just as much every pledge makes a difference, regardless of amount. Unfortunately shipping costs are something we all have to face, but that does not mean we cannot be transparent about this challenge and tackle it responsibly. The learning experiences Gamelyn Games has overcome with shipping have come to this campaign in full, and we aim to manage our (and your) risk in a responsible and professional manner. Shipping costs are a very real factor. They can be volatile and are never trivial. Further, I do not feel that claiming to offer "Free Shipping" only to hide that very real & significant cost somewhere else is the best way of doing things and our backers deserve better. We have decided to offer affordable FLAT-RATE shipping to various regions, but at the same time offer CUSTOMS-FRIENDLY shipping available to ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD through our friends at Ship Naked to offer the best overall value we can for your pledge. We will always endeavor to keep shipping charges as low as possible by offering discounts on pledges for more than one copy at a time through campaign rewards and add-ons made available through Pledge Manager. The best way to get the game for the lowest cost possible is to split a multi-pack with some friends or family members, everyone can share the cost benefit and more copies ordered means Darkrock Ventures itself will become a better game. Regarding Customs: Our shipping partner, Ship Naked, offers what they call "Customs-Friendly Worldwide Shipping" meaning they coordinate all transport, customs clearance, and brokerage from the factory to the destination using shipping depots all around the world. They have already laid the groundwork to ensure all packages will make it to backers in every country as smoothly and inexpensively as possible. While we cannot personally guarantee that no single person will have any customs difficulties on an individual level, we are confident in Ship Naked's ability to mitigate any potential issues and keep surprise costs far away from our backers and their ability to make it right should any such problems arise. Historically, Gamelyn Games has had very few individual cases of customs difficulties and the processes have improved even more since those challenges have occurred. Pledge with Confidence! International Backers Please Keep in Mind: While the shipping costs outside the USA are greater, every base copy of the game will be sold $11 below MSRP through this campaign, with discounts even greater when multiple copies are ordered. Plus, you are guaranteed to get the game before general retailers AND with all bonus content which may never be available at retail at all. Making you pledge in this campaign your BEST VALUE for the complete Darkrock Ventures experience! Get some friends together to split a multi-pack to maximize the value for your pledge! Click the image to see an interview with the Designer of Darkrock Ventures! Michael Eskue is the designer of Darkrock Ventures, as well as many other awesome games such as the TableTop-featured Council of Verona from Crash Games. Michael is an experienced designer and we hope you'll agree he has outdone himself with Darkrock Ventures! Meet the Rest of the Team! Not pictured: all of the outstanding fans, reviewers, playtesters, and backers! (Sorry, there wasn't enough room for everyone!) All Add-Ons for this project are included in the reward tiers and/or will be handled AFTER the campaign within PledgeManager. There are no separate Add-Ons during the campaign. If you'd like to add additional copies of the game to your pledge beyond what is available in the reward tiers, you will be able to do so within PledgeManager after this Kickstarter campaign ends. Please do not add to your KS pledge for add-ons, you will pay for them in PledgeManager. Want extra copies after the campaign ends? No problem with PledgeManager! (Additional menu items may be unlocked alongside Stretch Goals) Magic Meeple Games, LLC. is a tabletop publishing company based in Phoenix, Arizona. By gamers, for gamers, we are Magic Meeple the Boardgame People! We are passionate, lifelong tabletop gamers and we want to show that passion through the games we choose to design, develop, and publish. Gamelyn Games has partnered with us to elevate Magic Meeple Games to their level of quality and customer satisfaction straight out of the gate and bring even more great games into the world for all kinds of boardgamers just like you and me! Magic Meeple Games began in the industry years ago through independent game design, company co-owner Ian Stedman is a published designer himself and has worked on several projects for several other publishing companies as a consultant. This is the first entry into our published catalog, but not our first experience with the boardgame industry. We would not ask for your pledges if we were not confident in our ability to fulfill the obligations we have set forth for ourselves. We have worked hard to hone our craft and learn everything necessary to produce quality games at competitive prices and at last we have the tools we need to do so. Now, we need your help to make it all real! Our customers are our #1 focus and we are honor-bound to provide the most friendly & prompt service and communication we possibly can. Please do not hesitate to contact us on Twitter @MagicMeeple, find us on Facebook.com/MagicMeepleGames, send me a message directly on Kickstarter, or you can even email me directly at <email>! You can learn more about Magic Meeple Games HERE. Most of all, I want to thank each and every one of your for your belief and support with this project! Please share it with your friends and family, spread the word! All the Best, Ian Stedman, Co-Founder - Magic Meeple Games www.MagicMeepleGames.com - Thank you for backing our project!! (Dark Rock Ventures) ©2015 Magic Meeple Games, LLC. all rights reserved Images/components shown of the games are subject to change per manufacturer's requirements, and the publisher's options for what is in the best interest of the game and the backers.