Press! Its been a great start to our campaign and there have been incredible articles by PCWorld, Mashable, AOL's Autobog, Time Magezine's Techland, Engadget, CNet, PC Mag, Colorado Spring's Gazette, the Next Web, AutoMotto, Right This Second, and Gadget Review. For more information check out Devium's website and our Facebook Page We want to give your smartphone the attention it deserves. When you connect your iPhone 4/4S to Dash it begins charging and gives you access to all of your phones abilities. Dash, patent pending, is the convergence of the car stereo and your smartphone. Today’s smartphones provide a level of connectivity, accessibility, and usability that has not been possible in the car audio market. Dash doesn’t require that you learn a new interface to use your stereo. You already know how to use your phone to access your music, your navigation app, your phone calls, and the incredible number of other apps in your phone’s marketplace. While phones are very personal devices, people get new ones every few years. You may remain loyal to the same brand or move to a new company. No matter how frequently you update phones, Dash will be there ready to support you. Our innovative interchangeable faceplate design allows you to keep your phone at the center of your car. Dash’s unique approach allows you to have the functionality of a several thousand dollar DVD navigation unit sans the headaches of the learning curve, the lack of apps, and internet connectivity. Dash System Dash is a simple two component system The Faceplate This is where your phone is located and it is the interchangeable part of Dash. The faceplate allows you to buy different phones and continue to use Dash. It is made from CNC'd aluminum and the back of the faceplate is made of plastic. GPS signals are not attenuated and GPS functions very well. It secures to the body using neodymium magnets. For our Kickstarter Campaign, our first faceplate is for the iPhone and iPod. I am increasing the dimensions of the cavity to support iPhones with the bumper case. This improvement also expands the iPhones Dash supports because iPhones and iPods are very similar in size. Now, all iPhones and iPod Touches will work in Dash. I know the iPhone "5" may be released this summer and if its dimensions are similar to the current iPhones then it will work without purchasing a new faceplate. If the new iPhone varies too much, a new faceplate will be developed and released as soon as possible. Phone Cases I am listening to feedback and Dash will support iPhones with the bumper case and cases of similar size and iPhones with no case. This is possible because of the way phones are secured in the faceplate. The cavity, where the phone is located, uses rubber to grip your phone. The cavity will be expanded to fit iPhones wearing bumper cases snuggly. When you receive your Dash you will have the option to put the rubber piece in the cavity wall or not based on whether your iPhone is in a case. Faceplates and other Phones I want to highlight and reinforce the Dash's ability to work with other phones. We decided to create an iPhone/iPod faceplace initially because we have to focus on a single product to get this right. Then we can begin releasing faceplates for Android and Windows Phones. I don't have a timeframe but it will not be long July that we have faceplate for the top Android and Windows Phones available. Android Compatibility We are developing faceplates for the Motorola Atrix and Razr and the Samsung Galaxy line of phones including the Note. Android facecplates will begin shipping in August/September. The Body This is installed in your car, replacing your current stereo. The Body is the standardized device allowing different faceplates to connect. This is the power house and brains of Dash, providing the audio amplification and charging capabilities. Output Dash has 4 x 50w to power your speakers but also has 3 preamps running at 2V front, rear, and sub. We are using Maxim IC developed amps, a company out of Sunnyvale, CA. Video Pass-through Dash will have a video pass through so you can send your video to an external monitor or TV in your car for those long drives. Dimensions The body is double din standard, 4 inch by 7 inch. If you can install a GPS Nav unit in your car you can install Dash. We are developing general installation instructions for DIY but recommend a professional. Basic installation costs run about 50 dollars but that could vary based on your location. Send me a message to find out if Dash will fit in your car. I will do the research and let you know quickly. Your smartphone becomes your stereo. Toss the CDs, chargers, and FM transmitters and show off your awesome piece of technology. Get your phone out of the cup holder, your pocket, or the unsightly windshield mount. Now there's a place for everything. Tap into the potential of your phone. Dash sounds amazing with its 50 Watts per channel and subwoofer output. These are standard fare for modern stereos but Dash is doing it using new energy-efficient class-D amplifiers. Apps Streaming Radio You will have access to your radio stations through their internet streams. There are many free apps that can help you connect to your local stations. We recommend TuneIn and IHeartRadio. Pandora and other streaming sites do not move into landscape viewing at this time. We are looking into ways of developing an app to integrate some of these services for use in landscape. The apps by Pandora, Slacker, Spotify may not move into landscape but they will function properly and play music over your speakers. Music For the music you have loaded or purchased on your phone you can use the built in music player. We are developing a music player app to provide more functionality. Homescreen We are developing an app called "dashboard" that allows you to place the apps you use most for easy access in landscape view in Dash. Some simple information will be displayed along side the launcher; temp, direction, and song title. Dashboard Organize and access your car-centric apps, we want to help you to access those apps that you use most often while driving and to give you heads up information on the simple things. Audio Controls Dash will include an app to control face, balance, treble, and bass. Phonecalls We are developing an app for you to make phone calls while in landscape view. iPhone 4S users can also use Siri to make phone calls and dictate text messages. For those looking for talk to text/email capabilities on their iPhone 4 Dragon Dictation has a nice app that is similar to Siri’s talk to text and email capability. Another is Vlingo, it has more features than Dragon but costs 6.99. Your music will be vibrant, your phone calls will be clear, and your navigation assistant will let you know you’re heading the right way. NEW FEATURES! FM Tuner Dash will ship with an FM tuner and an associated app. Bluetooth Dash will ship with Bluetooth capability to allow for phone call audio to be sent through the speakers and provide continuous audio playback through the speakers when undock your phone. This includes an external mic jack. Aux In The Auxiliary-In port on the rear of Dash will let you plug any other device that has a headphone jack and send the audio to your car speakers. Car Computer A port for our upcoming Car Connectivity kit. This will allow you to connect you phone to your car computer! Dash will not ship with the kit but it will be available soon afterwards. Steering Wheel Controls Releasing with the Car Connectivity kit, will be the capability to control dash with your steering wheel controls. We are steps away from getting smartphones into Dash and Dash into your cars. Your funding will pay for the expensive costs of tooling and molding to create the extruded aluminum body and CNC the aluminum faceplate. We will begin shipping Dash in July 2012.