Voder connects to your smartphone via Bluetooth and intelligently controls your music, maps, and messages with just your voice. Say “Voder, play James Brown” or "Voder, navigate home," and Voder’s AI will do the rest, playing sound through your car's stereo. Today, we’re very excited to announce that integrated Amazon Alexa™ support is coming to Voder! Voder will be the best way to give you the magic of Alexa in your car. Ask Alexa to check the weather, play your audio books, and much, much more powered by 1000+ Alexa skills. You can choose to shift Voder into Alexa mode at first setup inside Voder’s app. Once setup, simply say "ALEXA" and make your request. Voder has built-in support for your playlists, podcasts, and favorite streaming services. With a simple request, Voder's AI will search multiple services to find what you want to hear. Voder currently supports Spotify, NPR One, FM Radio, Podcasts, Google Play Music, Apple Music, and more. Voder even has an open API so developers can easily add support for their own services. Voder's smartphone app puts all your streaming services under one roof. No switching between apps, no tiny popup controls, just your music controlled with your voice. Use the app to connect your favorite services, once setup is complete you don’t need to touch your phone to use Voder. Voder is designed to be 100% voice controlled so you can keep your hands on the wheel. Voder announces turn-by-turn directions, reads your texts aloud, and tells you who is calling. Got a question? Kick off any request by saying “Voder," its onboard AI adapts to your voice and surroundings to hear you clearly. Voder uses a far-field beamforming microphone array and state-of-the-art digital signal processing. That's the fancy way of saying Voder hears you no matter how bumpy the road or how loud the music. No yelling necessary. Using the best of today’s speech-to-text engines, you can send text messages confidently. No need to verify your message on a screen. Voder reads them back to you so you can confirm without looking at your phone. Voder's display is auto-dimming for use day and night and is made of low-glare red LEDs to protect your night vision. With visual cues designed to be understood with a quick glance, you can keep your eyes on the road, and your attention where it matters most. Voder’s visual cues are simple: only what you need and nothing you don’t. With location search powered by Google Maps, just ask Voder how to get where you want to go— Voder will show you the way! Install the Voder app on your Android Lollipop 5.0+ or iOS 10 smartphone and pair Voder to your phone over Bluetooth. Voder uses your phone’s existing connection to talk to the internet. Every time you get in your car, Voder automatically connects to your phone and starts listening for your commands. Voder plugs into your USB or 12V power port (cigarette lighter) and connects to your car stereo via Bluetooth or auxiliary jack. Older car? The Voder Retro pack adds a cassette adapter and FM transmitter for your old-school ride. Voder mounts to your dashboard with a small magnetic plate that attaches with removable non-marking adhesive and works on all dashboards. Tired of saying "Voder"? No problem. From inside Voder's app you can choose from three distinct wake words: "VODER", "COMPUTER" and "CO-PILOT." Don’t like Voder’s voice? You can change that too. Select from the many that come preinstalled, and give your car the voice you always imagined. With the Voder Expansion Pack, Voder reveals the OBD-II info and tells you what’s actually going on under the hood. Learn your engine RPM, O2 sensors readings, vehicle speed, engine temperature, just by asking Voder. Check Engine light on? Don’t waste time and money going to the repair shop only to find out you could have fixed the problem yourself. With the Voder Expansion Pack, just ask Voderto tell you what’s wrong. With the Expansion Pack, Voder easily identifies Check Engine warning codes like EVAP and Oxygen Sensor failures, that are easy to fix at home. Voder with OBD-II connection can provide you with real-time data directly from your car, or save all the stats to your phone for later. Voder is based on our own C.H.I.P. Pro computer module and is enhanced by the power of the amazing C.H.I.P.ster community: over 100,000 strong and in over 100 countries to date, building excellent projects based on our previously Kickstarted projects C.H.I.P. and PocketC.H.I.P. Because Voder is based on C.H.I.P. Pro, you can teach it new tricks. Voder runs Gadget OS, our mainline Linux based fast-booting operating system. Like all Next Thing Co. products, Voder is Open Hardware, its software is Open Source, and of course, Voder has an open API. We take data privacy very seriously. Your data remains your data. Voder doesn’t save recordings or your location. We don’t sell your data. It’s yours. Voder connects to a number of cloud based services to respond to your commands. Whenever possible we’ve made every effort to ensure that you own your data and you’re not tracked in any way. Last year we released C.H.I.P., the world’s first $9 computer, to make it easier than ever to build software projects and hardware products. Based on a year of community feedback, we further optimized C.H.I.P. for product designers and recently released C.H.I.P. Pro. As designers ourselves, we couldn’t help but build our own product powered by C.H.I.P. Pro. We knew we wanted to use voice recognition and AI software, both of which C.H.I.P. Pro was ideal for. After much discussion, we realized that we all reached for our phones too much while we were driving. The car seemed the most natural and helpful place to implement voice and AI. The next thing we knew, we had a design spec for Voder with working prototypes. Now we’re on Kickstarter!