LIVESTREAM TONIGHT Join us as we celebrate the last few hours of our Kickstarter! 8pm-Midnight CST (GMT-6): <url>— no separate purchases! (Except for the final goal's console port, which is TBD). All additional funds will be used to improve the game and further involve you in the world of Delver’s Drop. We will keep this updated as frequently as we can — please don't worry if we're a little behind the current campaign dollar amount, we'll update it soon! When indefinitely imprisoned high atop a towering castle complex, escape is the only option for survival and redemption. But few scoundrels will survive the Drop and live to tell the tale. The dungeons are rife with traps, monsters, and sinister secrets, awaiting the next unlucky Delver. “The HD art and visuals were looking fantastic, with the dungeon's unique and atmospheric lighting design really clicking with me.” — Heidi Keimps via Joystiq Delver's Drop is a 2D Action RPG with fluid physics-based movement, snappy combat, shifting dungeons, and a rogue's gallery of individually leveled character classes. With an emphasis on mystery and dynamic gameplay experiences, the game features randomization for infinite replay, enigmatic puzzle permutations to unravel, multiple narrative paths, customizable character growth, and layers of secrets to unearth. Our game is built on inspirations from the 8 & 16-bit eras, but acknowledges contemporary progress in game design and fully utilizes current technology. The gameplay is familiar yet distinct with stunning HD visuals and snappy, fluid 360-degree control. It is accessible yet deep and tactical, and is incredibly replayable. “The game’s art style is bursting with a vibrant and colorful palette that looks to compliment its fast paced gameplay.” — Christopher McDonald via Indie Game Magazine Delver’s Drop is currently in development for Windows PC, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, & OUYA. Show me the details, the features, the hammers and tongs! Upon first glance, most players will draw comparisons between Delver’s Drop and 2D action adventure/RPG games like A Link to the Past and Secret of Mana. While the NES and Super Nintendo era action-adventure games and RPGs are obviously a huge inspiration for us, we want to satisfy fans of these games while also introducing contemporary development and design concepts, high definition visuals, and inspiration from other action and RPG sub-genres to create a unique and original experience. Delver’s Drop has a cast of playable characters that create variety and open up different gameplay styles and tactics. Movement and combat are both fast and responsive, a blend of intense arcade action with thoughtful planning and strategy. Dungeon and items are randomized to create scenarios similar to a Roguelike. The game also features a form of permadeath, but players are able to recover some progress and items, and retain abilities and experience points. Features Immense & Unpredictable Dungeon Dive — 8 [NOW 9! via stretch goals] zones of castle dungeons with 4 sub-levels to explore. Levels will be combined from masterfully designed hand-crafted rooms and components, with randomized content and floor layouts. Physics-based Hack & Slash Combat — Since all characters and enemies move and collide on a physics-based system, any interplay of attacks, traps, and magic resolve based on responsive, snazzy, and sometimes chaotic physics effects. Multiple Characters & Play Styles — Play the game with one or all of the 5 [NOW 6! via stretch goals] character classes (some to be decided by backers!). Classes have unique speed and movement properties, weapon, special ability, and perk tree, giving each a different play style. Character Growth & Customization — Gain experience as you play each class, and keep this progress through the class’s perk tree even if your current character dies. Level up if you want more flexibility, but Delver’s Drop is totally grind-free. Weapons & Sub-Items — The player can find and purchase interesting and upgraded weapons for each class, as well as a large suite of expendable sub-items that are randomly spawn during each session. But items slots are limited, requiring intelligent use! Puzzles & Secrets — Like many action adventure games, Delver’s Drop will feature interesting puzzles, requiring clever manipulation of dungeon elements, using physics to advantage, and resourceful usage of secondary items. Game Mechanics Read more about our features in the updates below! Characters & Classes (Part 1 of 3) Items & Dungeons (Part 2 of 3) Extended Play (Part 3 of 3) The story for those who like narrative, lore, and invented worlds! You play as several adventuring miscreants imprisoned for unknown reasons in a dungeon atop a mountain, in an ever-changing castle complex. Built up over countless years of construction, this labyrinth-like structure forms a maze of interlocking rooms that mysteriously shift in a constantly changing layout. The prisoners are released one by one into these depths, and challenged to find their way to freedom. But to do so they must brave the Drop: a pit that tunnels deep into the mountain’s core and connects the castle’s deteriorating layers, each of which contains puzzles that must be solved in order to open the Drop to the descending levels. As they explore deeper, the adventurers begin to unravel the true reasons for their imprisonment, while discovering that other, darker secrets lie in the castle’s deeper vaults. When one prisoner fails, another is cast down into the Drop, taking advantage of their predecessors’ progress. But for every dubious hero that you fail to keep alive, a darker threat will await the next unlucky delver... Read the full story in this update! Find out how you'll get the game, where you'll play it, and when! Release Dates: The game will release on PC / Mac / Linux in October 2013. Pricing is set at $15. It will later release for iOS / Android / OUYA around February 2014. Pricing is undetermined. LINUX DAY-ONE SUPPORT HAS BEEN ADDED VIA THE STRETCH GOALS! It will be available on release with other desktop versions. $15 TIER: Pre-Order the PC / Mac / Linux / iOS / Android / OUYA Game: Pledging at any tier of $15 or higher will offer access to a digital desktop copy of the game (DRM-free), plus lots of digital bonuses, including the soundtrack and open beta access. It's a great value only available on Kickstarter. We will never offer a better pre-order deal, so please pre-order here! You will receive builds for PC, Mac, and Linux when they become available. The exact method of distribution for these builds is still being determined (email, direct download link, etc). You will also receive Open Beta access in September — you'll get to play the game a month early! The game will be almost complete, so you will be able to participate in giving us feedback to fix any remaining bugs (and possibly some final polish). Note that Open Beta may not be exclusive to Kickstarter. You will also receive builds for iOS, Android, and OUYA when they release in February, 2014. These do not have any Beta access. $25 TIER: Early Alpha / Closed Beta Access: Backers at tiers of $25 and above will also be given access to our Early Alpha and Closed Beta. This means you get to play early versions of the game almost 4 months before its official release! Note that iOS/Android/OUYA are not included in the Alpha or Beta. Alpha is targeted for late June, and means that the game will be feature complete, but some aspects may still be undergoing revision, and not all content (levels, characters, enemies) will be finished. This is an exciting time, because backers at this level can give feedback to influence some features! However, you may have to expect the game will be rough around the edges :) Our forums may or may not be operational by Alpha. Alpha may not include Linux versions, or they may come later. Closed Beta will occur in August, and means that all features and content are present but may not be complete or polished. We invite you to participate in the Closed Beta so that you can give us feedback to help us improve and tweak all features to perfection, as well as report any issues (bugs) you encounter. Linux versions may come later, but we will try to release them simultaneously. Closed Beta is different from Open Beta in that: 1) it begins a month earlier (August instead of September), 2) Closed Beta contributors will have more influence on improving the game and tuning features, while Open Beta will consist mainly of bug fixes. Playing the Game — System Specs: If you have a PC / Mac / Linux desktop computer that was manufactured within the last 5 years, chances are you can run our game. For iOS and Android, we will support most recently released models (from the last 2-3 years if not older). Check out our second update for more specific compatibility information! We know you want your rewards after Delving this far! Below you will see all of the rewards listed to the right, but in even more detail. IMPORTANT! We have added many more rewards as the campaign has progressed, and these are NOT updated in the sidebar to the right! See the chart and reward icons below for the 100% accurate breakdown of what you're getting. Also see our FINAL REWARDS UPDATE (Mar. 8, 2013) for more info if you are new! CHECK OUT THE CHART BELOW FOR A BETTER IDEA OF WHICH REWARDS YOU'RE GETTING! Click to view the zoomed in version. Rewards List: All designs are to be determined - the icons are merely to give you a general idea of what you'll receive. If you have questions about a reward, just ask! As of February 2013 the game is in a pre-alpha state. While the aspects present in the videos may seem polished, there are still many features to complete, and many more environments, enemies, and items for which we need to produce art and sound. With your support we will be able to much more efficiently complete the game to the full extent of our vision. June 2013 — Alpha: The game will be highly playable, with most features and at least 50% of the content complete. Large amounts of videos, screenshots, and other content will be available to backers here and at <url>— Closed Beta: The game will be nearly complete, with all features final but requiring some polish and bug-fixes. At least 75% of the content will be complete, with all remaining content present but in placeholder form. September 2013 – Open Beta: Backers $15 and up can get the game a month early! The game will be 99% complete, but may still have a few bugs, so you can give us feedback on our forums to make final tweaks before the official release. October 2013 — RELEASE! for PC, Mac, Linux: The game is 100% complete and (as reasonably as possible) bug free. Digital copies will be distributed, and shortly thereafter, physical copies to backers at tiers with this reward (and any remaining rewards). LINUX HAS BEEN ADDED VIA THE STRETCH GOALS! February 2014 — iOS / Android / OUYA Release: The iOS, Android, and OUYA versions will be completed and released. So far we've been funding Delver’s Drop through contract work as well as personal and external investments. Kickstarter offers us the best chance to secure the remaining funding we need to complete the game, and will provide us the opportunity to build a community around the game’s development. We’ll be using the funds to meet the following goals: First and foremost, to finish the development of the game, with a high degree of quality and within our designated release time frame. This would not be possible without Kickstarter. Additional programming support for more features and more extensive polish. Even more content, art, and elaborate animations and effects. We want to include even more characters, enemies, environments, weapons, and magic. Additional sound and music, possibly to include voice overs. Localization into French, Italian, German, Spanish, and Portuguese. Additional quality assurance and testing. Building a community around the game and universe through forums and communication with our supporters through this Kickstarter campaign. Documentation and more refined tools for fan mods. Want to stay in the loop and help promote Delver’s Drop? Facebook: Like and share! Twitter: Follow and tweet! YouTube: Subscribe and watch! Sign up for our newsletter to get additional updates! Steam: Greenlight this game! The more votes Delver's Drop receives, the more likely it is to be available on Steam at launch. We really need your support with a "YES" vote! If you have any questions about the game, please visit the FAQ at the bottom. If you’d like to reach out to us directly, drop us a line: <email>. We would like to thank you for reading, watching, and contributing to this campaign. Delver's Drop will only be possible with your support! Pixelscopic is: Ryan Baker, Ryan Burrell, and Coby Utter. For more about us, our background, and company history, check our this update! This game and campaign would not be possible without the support of our family and friends, and the amazing assistance and hard work of the following individuals: Ankur Sharma, Ed Mareth, Chelsea Egan, Nathan Lee, Kurt Dillow, Thomas Beard, Ed Moore, Paul Simmons, Nikki Richardson, Doug Wilson, Nathan Reynolds, Ryan Jarrett, Leah Williams, Laura Utter, Martha Padilla, Jarrett Dawson, Renee Dunn, Katie Nelson, Lorraine Reinsch, Brenda Burrell, Kelly Wallick, and Benjamin Rud.