Click here for the latest update: Shields, Shield Kits, and Extra Digisparks are now available for an additional pledge! Shipping Clarification: Shipping is free to the USA (all 50 states) for all reward levels. For rewards $205 and under add $5 to your pledge for Canada, $10 for anywhere else (besides the USA) For rewards over $205 add $10 to your pledge for Canada, $20 for anywhere else (besides the USA) Press: Now on Engadget! Check us out on Hack-a-Day! Check out the article on PC World! Computer World Norway (in Norwegian) Golem.de (in German) Current Stretch Goals: STRETCH GOAL MET: $75k - all shield PCB orders will be $0.50 off the current price. Prices on backer pages and the shields update now reflect this discount! STRETCH GOAL MET: $100k - all backers will be able to add RGB shield kits (RGB shield PCB, RGB LED, resistors, and headers - unassembled, thru hole) to their orders (no limit on how many) for $1 each STRETCH GOAL MET: $150k - the DigiSpark PCBs will be an exclusive color for kickstarter backers and have a link on them to the list of backers. $200k - we're still working on this one! The Story: We set out to build a little brother to the wonderful Arduino line of development boards - we were tired of leaving our valuable Arduino's behind in projects, or worse, ripping apart old projects to build new ones! We also felt the Arduino was too big and powerful for many projects where we only needed a few pins, or an SPI or I2C bus. And so the Digispark was born! To us, the best things about the Arduino is the community, the easy of use, and the IDE - by making the Digispark an Arduino compatible development board all of those remain common. Plug it in, power your project with USB or external sources, program it with the Arduino IDE, and easily use existing Arduino code! But with its small size and low cost you can feel free to leave it in your project, give one to a friend, and use them everywhere! The Specs: Support for the Arduino IDE 1.0+ (OSX/Win/Linux) Power via USB or External Source - 5v or 7-35v (automatic selection) On-board 500ma 5V Regulator Built-in USB (and serial debugging) 6 I/O Pins (2 are used for USB only if your program actively communicates over USB, otherwise you can use all 6 even if you are programming via USB) 8k Flash Memory (about 6k after bootloader) I2C and SPI (vis USI) PWM on 3 pins (more possible with Software PWM) ADC on 4 pins Power LED and Test/Status LED (on Pin0) Just how small is it? Well it's about the size of a quarter. While the small size made hand soldering prototypes difficult, we find that it is the perfect size to stick in even our smallest projects, but not too small to comfortably handle. Since it uses standard 0.1 in spaced headers it is easy to hookup to anything. Click here for detailed dimensions. USB On-Board: With the on board USB connector it is also easy to program by wither directly plugging it into the computer or, if it is installed in a project, with a super cheap and common USB extension cable. In addition, it is small enough to be left plugged in your computer, use it to run a computer controlled RGB status LED, read a directly solder sensor, or fool your friends by programming it to be a USB keyboard and turn their caps lock on and off randomly, the possibilities are endless! For development and production: One of our main goals it to ensure that the Digispark is both small and cheap enough to be used not only for development but also production. Why leave your valuable full sized Arduino in a project when all you need is a few pins, an ADC, PWM, or an SPI bus! The Digispark is cheap enough to leave in all your projects or even use in small run production! Once this Kickstarter campaign is over, we'll continue ensure the Digisparks are readily available for sale both directly through us as well as through other online retailers! You can now add shield PCBs, shield kits, and extra Digisparks to your order - click here for all the details! The Digispark is and will always be open source hardware - licensed under CC-BY-SA 3.0 Once finalized, we will release schematics, firmware, and anything else you might need to hack, change, or recreate the Digispark! Design and layout circuit board and components: DONE! Produce prototype PCBs (circuit boards): DONE! Build and test prototypes: DONE! Test firmware, Arduino IDE compatibility, common projects, etc: DONE! Evaluate production partners, part suppliers, and get quotes and turn around times: DONE! Build test and programming jigs: In Progress! Fund first full production run: This is where we need your help! Start full production run: If funded this will start within a few days of the completion of this project! Deliver finished Digisparks! To ensure the highest quality, quick turnaround, and fair labor and environmental practices Digisparks will be assembled in house and PCB fabrication will take place locally! This will also allow us to bring you a plethora of shields, and future products! Click here for Shields, Shield Kits, and Extra Digisparks! The Arduino platform has a wonderful, helpful, and friendly community - and we want to contribute to that. Not only will Digispark be open source, but we will also be happy to answer questions, and listen to any feedback our backers may have. We also are building a mini-site just for the Digispark, to provide quick links to common questions, answers, and resources specific to the Digispark and other miniature Arduino compatible devices. Check out the community forums: <url>