Thank you Kickstarter! After an incredible 30 days, the Electric Objects Kickstarter campaign has come to an end. We laughed, we cried, we stayed up all night, and we're so excited to bring EO1 into the world, and onto your walls. This is just the beginning for us, and we hope you'll continue to follow along. We'll be in touch with updates on our development process, and look forward to your regular feedback. Missed the campaign? You can now pre-order EO1 at electricobjects.com! There's more art on the Internet than in every gallery and museum on Earth. But many of these beautiful objects are trapped. They’re trapped inside of devices like our phones, our tablets, our TVs, our laptops — devices designed for distraction, living between texts, tweets, football games and emails from work. So we wanted to make a new way to bring art from the Internet into your home. Introducing EO1, a computer designed to bring the beauty of the Internet into your home. Designed to Fade Away EO1 is designed to fade into the background, like a photograph or painting. It becomes a part of your home, affording you the chance to enjoy the Internet at a slower, more considered pace. No keyboard. No mouse. No alerts, avatars, slideshows, feeds or docks. Matte finish, minimal brightness. One single, beautiful cord (like your Macbook Pro). Easily wall-mounted (or set on a stand, sold separately). Easy setup. Instantly connected to your account via WiFi. Energy efficient. Consumes about as much energy as an average lightbulb. Support for WebGL, Processing, animated GIFs, and most major Javascript drawing libraries. "It’s the only screen I own that doesn’t make me itch for something new just for the sake of seeing something new" Wired – “And if people are willing to buy stand-alone gadgets to play music, monitor their health and help manage their homes, why not purchase one for culture and art?” The New York Times – "Electric Objects (or, EO) may be the technology that sparks a paradigm shift regarding how we preserve, share, and even purchase digital art" The Creators Project Change your artwork as often as you want right from your phone. Our web and mobile applications make it easy to discover, share, and display beautiful objects from around the Internet. Available at launch for iOS and Android, control what appears on your display using our native applications. Explore and display thousands of objects, including original artwork, or upload your own. Discover new art from our diverse community of artists, designers, developers and photographers, or upload your own. Over the past 20 years a new generation of artists and technologists have engaged with the Internet as a medium for creative expression, creating visual work that pushes the edge of culture and technology. We're working with museums, libraries, and other organizations to bring the best of their collections from the Internet into your home. Featured Partners: New York Public Library, The Boston Globe, Behance, Giphy, Musuem Of The Moving Image, Digg, to.be Featured Artists: Nicolas Sassoon, Casey Reas, Sara Ludy, Yoshi Sodeoka, Pasquale D’Silva, Erica Gorochow, Patrick Moberg Artist in Residence Program: We are working closely with artists and developers to create original works of art for Electric Objects. Participating artists receive a stipend and an early prototype, and collaborate with our development team throughout their residency. The purpose of the program is to support artists and foster creative expression for this new kind of computer, and to incorporate their feedback into our development process. Developer SDK: EO1 features a custom browser running both WebKit and Gecko rendering engines to maximize graphics performance. Over the next few months, we will be releasing early versions of our SDK, and working with developers to explore a range of use cases enabled by the Electric Objects platform. Development, testing, production and shipping should take 9 months. (Or get it 4 months early by participating in our Beta Tester program.) Our calendar leaves generous room for error, so we don’t expect it to take any longer than this. In August of last year, we set up the first of 100 prototypes (EO0) that are now in the homes of testers all over the world. Our early testing gave us the confidence we needed to take this project to the next phase. Over the last 9 months, we've been working to develop the EO1 operating system, supporting applications, and industrial design. We evaluated many different options for frame material and frame design, cord material, paint and finish, before landing on the final designs for EO1. We've worked closely with artists to define the technical constraints of the operating system, and built a community of early users around a common passion: discovering and enjoying beautiful works of art from the Internet. You can read more about our story here. Special Thanks There are too many wonderful people to thank, but we'd like to start with our family and friends, without whose encouragement this little art project would not be happening. To name a few: Nick Dangerfield, John Borthwick, Marc Cenedella, Kevin Slavin, Nick Chirls, Alex Lines, Alex Rosen, Josh Stylman, Adam Ludwin, Jon Lax, Startup Giraffe, Marc Barros, Idan Cohen, Tyler Mincey, Carl Goodman, Allan Yu, Ronen V, Pasquale D’Silva, Justin Ouellette. Video Production: Saint Cloud Original score: Adam Schoenberg Cast: Lauren Leto, Mike Beck and Chelsa Crowley