-Important notice: Per Kickstarter’s requirements, all images in this page are 100% real. No renders or computer demos.- Eye is the smartest case for your iPhone that adds a lot of cool features to it. The next iPhone will be supported a month after its launch. An option will be given to Eye backers to wait until the next iPhone release. Always On Display Thickness As featured in Unbox Therapy As Featured In EverythingApplePro 11,000,000(!!) views and 175,000 shares on a video post covering Eye that went viral: 5" FHD AMOLED display The current technology of the iPhone LCD display is old. In comparison, Eye’s screen is using the best display technology on the market today called AMOLED. With this technology, all colors, including real black, are much more vibrant on the screen. (There are rumors saying that only the premium version of the iPhone 8 will have an AMOLED display). Additionally, the display size and resolution of the iPhone 6, 6s and 7 is only 4.7" and 1334x750. Eye's screen is 5" and 1920x1080! FHD AMOLED screen AMOLED screen showcasing real black (This picture of Eye was shot in the dark) Very useful Back us to take your screen to the next level with Eye by ESTI! Expand your storage up to 256GB with the SD card slot With Eye, you finally get expandable storage on your device! Just pop a microSD card and back up your iPhone pictures and videos to it with our app. Access the file with any Android file explorer. Eye connects to the iPhone via Lightning so file transfer speed is phenomenal—up to 130MB (yes, bytes!) per second. ES File Explorer Back us to take your storage to the next level with Eye by ESTI! 2800mAh extra battery Eye improves your battery life in two ways. 1) Inside the Eye and next to the motherboard is a 2800mAh battery. This battery will serve the Eye while charging the iPhone. 2) When you're using Eye, the iPhone is not really used, leaving it in standby mode much more than usual (than without having Eye). The iPhone’s battery will never lose power to Eye. Back us to take the battery life of your phone to the next level with Eye by ESTI! Wireless charging Under the Eye screen is a very slim tag supporting Qi wireless charging. You'll be able to wirelessly charge your iPhone with home chargers that support Qi wireless charging and commercial ones including those in Starbucks, McDonalds, IKEA wireless charge furniture, GMC, Toyota, Lexus, Jeep, Audi, BMW, Chrysler, Cadillac, Kia, and Chevy select automobiles. Just drop and go Back us to take your charging convenience to the next level with Eye by ESTI! 2 extra SIM card slots Eye includes 2 extra SIM card slots supporting LTE cellular speeds up to 300 Mbps. That means you can have up to 3 numbers—one inside your iPhone and two inside Eye. Since Eye doesn't have a mic or speaker, it'll use the iPhone's own mic and ear speaker. *Please check the specs below for full details on supported cellular bands. Back us to take your cellular capabilities to the next level with Eye by ESTI! Android 7.1 Nougat OS Eye runs Android on its own powerful chipset. It runs fast and smooth because it relies on a clean and pure Android with Google Play, without the unnecessary bloatware. Don't compromise anymore! With Eye, enjoy using both iOS and Android! Android Nougat OS Now enjoy Android exclusive features such as: ❤️ Native call recording. ❤️ Real file explorer. ❤️ Recognition of unknown numbers (with apps like Truecaller). ❤️ Moving files freely between your computer and handset (just drag and drop). ❤️ Full customization of OS colors, icons, home and lock screen and much more. ❤️ Enjoy real multitasking—back up all kind of files to the cloud on the background with 3rd party apps (e.g., Google Photos). Send large files to friends trough IM apps without the need to stay in the application for the transfer. ❤️ Android exclusive apps including: - Casper (save snaps on Snapchat, among other Snapchat hacks). - OGInsta+ (Instagram hacks and tweaks like download and save a photo or a video directly to your photo library). - Popcorn Time, Kodi, Showbox, SopCast and TV Portal. - Tasker. - Screen recording. - TubeMate, FireTube and Floating Tube. - Amazon Underground. - NFC Tools. - You can even install and play the original Flappy Bird! ❤️ Root the Eye for even more possibilities. The list is endless... Back us to take your software possibilities to the next level with Eye by ESTI! OGInsta+, an Android exclusive Instagram client app High-quality selfies and vlogging We all know that the rear camera is much better than the front one. Unfortunately, we can't take selfies or vlogs of ourselves with it—it's hard to focus on yourself when you don't see yourself. Eye will mirror the display of your camera app to its screen. You will then be able to take a photo or video of yourself correctly in focus. Eye brings the screen in front of you, just like the professional cameras with the rotating screen, for high-quality vlogs and selfies (Image courtesy of Amazon). Portrait Mode on iPhone 7 Plus- Possible only with the rear camera (Image courtesy of Apple) Using Eye screen to take a selfie with the rear camera Back us to take your photography to the next level with Eye by ESTI! 3.5 mm headphone jack For those of us who would like to use wired headphones, Eye has your back! Eye connects to the iPhone through its Lightning port and takes the sound signal through it, just like any other Lightning headphones. When music plays or a call starts on the iPhone, you'll enjoy these features with your wired headphones connected to Eye. :) In case there is no sound on the iPhone, the headphone jack will play sounds from the Eye's Android OS. Music playback will be in high quality because Eye has a cutting-edge DAC (digital to analog converter). Whether wired or wireless, listen to music with any headphones/earphones you want Back us to take your music to the next level with Eye by ESTI! Open NFC NFC stands for Near Field Communication, and it makes life much more convenient. This technology allows the pairing of NFC compatible devices or NFC stickers with just one touch making it very easy and convenient. a few examples of Eye’s NFC uses (out of many other uses): Simple pairing with wireless speakers that support NFC. Touching an NFC sticker next to your bed to turn off all the lights and activate the house alarm. Sending a picture to another NFC-supported phone by a touch between devices. The iPhone has an NFC chip used only for Apple Pay, therefore not allowing you to enjoy the endless possibilities of it. *** IMPORTANT: Eye's NFC will NEVER interfere with the iPhone's NFC. The iPhone’s NFC is located at the very top of the device while the Eye's NFC is at the very bottom. Eye tapping an NFC sticker to send a command to turn off the lights Back us to take your iPhone connectivity to the next level with Eye by ESTI! Always on display (AOD) See notifications, time & date or add a pic of your loved ones! This eliminates the need to turn the iPhone on all the time and drain its battery! Because Eye's screen is an AMOLED, it features an efficient AOD. *Eye battery consumption will increase hourly by 1% with no impact on the iPhone battery whatsoever. Eye's Always On Display Back us and replace your static design case for a dynamic one with Eye by ESTI! Infrared blaster & receiver Control IR devices like: TVs. Set-top boxes. Apple TV. Streamers. Stereo systems. Blu-rays/DVDs. Xbox (for media, not games). Air conditioners. Digital cameras. Car radios. The Android app, Control It, for IR enabled smartphones installed on the Eye. Back us and rule your electronics easily with Eye by ESTI! Metal tag for car mounting We all know that magnetic car mounts are one of the easiest, safest ways to mount smartphones in a vehicle. Located under the screen of the Eye is a thin metal tag that will stick to a magnetic car mount and tightly hold your iPhone. PLAY Back us and drive safely and conveniently with Eye by ESTI! No protection is needed for Eye's screen! Just like the famous Casio G-Shock watch, Eye's bezels are above the screen, keeps the screen safe from drops and scratches. Eye's screen is protected Unboxing Why throw a beautiful box when it can be used? The retail box serves in mounting the phone on your desk. Cool! Unlike many other desk mounts, all its ports are accessible. Mounting Jet Black and Matt Black Also in Jet White and Matt White! How to back us 1. Choose a reward level. Choose one (and only one) reward level to back this project. You cannot choose 2 reward levels. You will get all the items at that level—you cannot swap things that you don't want for things that you do want (see the FAQ for why we can't do this). 2. If you want to add something, check out the add-on / options section. If you want to add something additional to your reward, check out the add-on / options section below. You can add it to your reward by increasing your pledge by the amount specified. Take note: you can only add things to your reward that are on the menu. 3. Relax. You've done your part. All details like shipping information, color preference, and add-ons will be collected via survey after the end of the campaign. Accessories, Add-ons and options Dedicated wireless charger with green LED to show a full charge: Add $20 to your pledge for this Optional upgrade from 16GB to 64GB of on board storage ($59) Quadruple (X4!!) the on board storage! If this is unlocked, and you want a bigger storage just add $59 to your current, pledge for getting the 64GB on board storage. Add 7200mAh (on top of 2800mAh) for a total of 10000mAh, enabling Eye to act as a portable power bank ($24). Please note! The power bank is instead of the iPhone when you are not using Eye for covering the iPhone. A battery bank in the shape of the iPhone and little bit thicker will be mounted inside the case. Match the iPhone 7's IP67 water resistant rating Optional boot into Ubuntu OS You'll be able to choose an Eye also in real leather You'll be able to choose Eye also in real wood Optional boot into Windows 10 Mobile Display 5" FHD (1920x1080) AMOLED Technology AOD supported Memory 3GB LPDDR3 Storage 16GB onboard Expandable by up to 256GB with a microSD card Data transfer speeds of up to 130 MB/ps between the phone and Eye. Battery 2800mAh Qi wireless charging Operating System Android Nougat 7.1 with Google Play services 2 years of OS updates Wireless GSM: 850(B5)/900(B8)/1800(B3)/1900(B2) WCDMA: 850(B5)/900(B8)/1900(B2)/2100(B1) LTE FDD: 2100(B1)/1800(B3)/2600(B7)/800(B20) Up to 300 Mbps Dual SIM standby or 1 Micro SIM Card and 1 microSD Card Both SIM slots are compatible with 4G When working simultaneously, only one slot can receive LTE service and the other GSM IR blaster and receiver NFC a/b/g/n/ac WiFi Bluetooth 4.2 FM radio GPS Sensors Gyro Accelerometer Proximity sensor Ambient light sensor Chipset MediaTek Helio P20 (MT6757) CPU 2.3 GHz quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 1.6 GHz quad-core ARM Cortex-A53 GPU Mali-T880 MP2 900MHz Physical Connectors Lightning socket and plug 3.5 mm headphone jack Languages: English, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Cestina, Dansk, Deutsch, Espanol, Filipino, French, Hrvatski, latviesu,lietuviu,Italiano, Magyar, Nederlands, Norsk, Polish, Portuguese, Romana, Slovencina, Suomi, Svenska, Tieng viet, Turkish, Greek, Bulgarian, Russian, Ukrainian, Hebrew, Arabic, Thai, Khmer, Korean, Simplified/Traditional Chinese, Japanese . Size and Weight For iPhone 6, 6s, and 7 3.5 ounces (90 grams) 5.22 x 2.75 x 0.51 in (142.8 x 69.8 x 13.1 mm) For iPhone 6 Plus, 6s Plus, and 7 Plus 3.25 ounces (98 grams) 6.4 x 3.17 x 0.52 in (162.5 x 80.5 x 13.3 mm) Joseph is an entrepreneur. He made Eye because he is an "iPhone person" that also likes the freedom of Android. He also missed some features that are available on other smartphones but not on the iPhone. He is the former CEO and founder of a successful Israeli website called Tan-Doo that he later sold to a bigger website. A geek who doesn't forget to have a good time ;-) Tzif is an electronics and communications engineer. He is an expert in both prototyping and production: Circuits and electricity, communication engineering, R&D, wireless and cellular technologies, projects management and IoT. As well, he has experience working on very big projects in the mobile industry. Tross is a technology driven crowdfunding powerhouse.