eye3: An Affordable Flying Robot eye3 is a project to create a professional quality yet affordable flying robotic camera platform, or Drone. Almost anyone attempting to build a platform like the eye3 will be stunned by the complexity involved and the years of hands on experience needed to create a functional, safe device. The incredibly steep learning curve combined with the high cost of failure has kept this powerful tool out of the hands of thousands of creative people. We Can Make Aerial Photography Easy for You My husband and I have been building, programming and flying these complex machines for many years, giving us the knowledge and experience to produce a high performance flying robot in a low cost kit that practically anyone can assemble. Cinematographers, journalists, scientists, hobbyists: eye3 has the power, stability, automation and precision you need to produce professional results. World Class Autopilot The eye3's inertial management and autopilot functions are handled by the incredibly compact yet powerful APM2. Future Proof APM2 is an open source platform with a large, committed team of programmers; ensuring that this autopilot is constantly improving with added features. APM2 is certainly one of the most powerful flight controllers available today, but it is a very complex piece of hardware to ultilize and even small mistakes can be very costly or dangerous (this is true for every complex flight controller). We have spent the last 2 years testing, programming and flying these computers and we have the knowledge, configurations and programs you need to get in the air NOW. We've done all the work so you can start USING the eye3 (instead of crashing it). High Quality Hardware Components Nobody wants to place bystanders at risk - or take chances with expensive camera equipment because the components used were of generic or poor quality. For eye3 we've opted for quality, safety and reliability in every component used. The eye3 frame is made of high precision carbon and glass fiber construction weighing just 500g. The frame is extremely rigid and can take abuse. For safety, eye3 is a hexacopter configuration, allowing you to land if up to 2 rotors fail. eye3 is Powerful: Motor selection is critical to both safety and performance, so we chose motors that use the best quality magnets, bearings and materials available. eye3 has gobs of power for heavier cameras like a 35mm dSLR, 16mm film and mounts. Features: Hexacopter - for redundancy, lifting power and safety Fully automated autopilot Rock solid auto-stabilization GPS Barometer Magnetometer 3 cpu Fully programmable and customizable computer SD slot for additional program memory Mission planning software with GMaps Multiple flying modes inc Failsafe and RTL Waypoint navigation Telemetry Multiaxis gimbal control Multiple additional I/O for your sensors and tools Additionally: Support for FPV Support for long range radio Support for wireless data link Support for Sonar Many more details coming! <url>