Welcome to ZionEyez on Kickstarter! Thank you for your interest in our product! We are ecstatic to deliver you a pair of Eyez™ and can’t wait for you to start recording. Best Regards, ZionEyez The facts: Our engineering team at ZionEyez is currently developing Eyez™, the latest innovation in personal video recording technology. Eyez™ embeds a 720p HD video camera within a pair of eyeglasses designed to record live video data and take pictures. The recorded data can be stored on the 8GB of flash memory within the Eyez™ glasses, transferred via Wifi/Bluetooth or Micro USB to a computer, or wirelessly transferred to most iPhone or Android devices. After a one-time download of the “Eyez™” smartphone and tablet app, users can wirelessly broadcast the video in real time to their preferred social networking website. Currently, the most popular way to record mobile video is via smartphone or digital camera. However, while the online social network platforms are excellent for receiving the video, physically recording the video remains problematic. Many recorded video streams are short, largely because it is uncomfortable for users to continuously hold their cameras up for longer than a few minutes. Also, users are forced to watch the event they are recording through the miniature mobile phone screen, rather than enjoying the action as it unfolds in front of them. Eyez™ solves both of these problems. Now users can comfortably record live video completely hands-free, and without the burden of watching it through a tiny screen. Users can simply tap the power sensor, open the Eyez™ app (or not), and then forget about it. Several networking sites, including Qik and LiveStream, will broadcast to users profiles' and save the videos to cloud storage. If users prefer not to broadcast the video to the internet or to their mobile, the data will automatically save to the built-in flash memory, allowing for an easy upload later via Micro USB or Bluetooth. While employing cutting-edge technological advances, Eyez™ glasses are also practical for daily use. Users can choose from high quality removable lenses in both clear and shaded tones. In addition, the shape of Eyez™ glasses is extremely popular, so most optical stores can easily fit the appropriate prescription lenses. Imagine yourself recording exactly what your "Eyez™" see, whether it be worldly travels or a college lecture, no memorable event will be lost. No other product in existence can deliver you such a first person video recording experience. Our Team: At ZionEyez we have a team of the most talented engineers in the micro video recording technology field. Joe Taylor, our Chief Technology Officer is an engineer who has designed many consumer electronics products, including products for the FLIP line of video cameras. Joe studied Engineering at Purdue University where he recieved his B.A. of Science. Joe is working closely alongside many of his former colleagues from FLIP who specialize in the hardware and software development of personal video recording technology. Leading the ZionEyez team as CEO is Carlos Becerra, he was formally educated at University of California San Diego where he received a Bachelor of Science in Economic Management Science. He later acquired his J.D. from U.C. Hastings College of Law. Our Mission: Our mission is to revolutionize the way people share the most significant experiences in their life. We are idealists who know that people value memories most. ZionEyez provides a solution for capturing these moments without compromising convenience or style. Your support: ZionEyez has carefully assessed all of the possible options for getting the Eyez™ glasses to the market as quickly as possible. It has drawn an enormous amount of attention from some of the worlds biggest technology companies. We've discussed possible partnerships and other options with these companies, but we have decided to grow organically. Eyez™ glasses are a grassroots project. By keeping it that way, we can maintain the quality and style that our customers deserve, while keeping the cost affordable. We have a motto at ZionEyez; it is “Join the Movement.” When you pledge towards this project you are becoming an integral part of the next revolution in personal video recording technology. We greatly appreciate all of your support! Welcome to the movement. Eyez™ Patent Pending Visit us at "www.zioneyez.com"