Welcome to the FLEX for iPad 2 Kickstarter page! Protect and Connect your iPad 2 with FLEX! Our goal is to give you iPad 2 owners the most flexibility, protection, and value in exchange for your support of us and our project. We call this the FLEX kit for iPad 2, because it allows for more versatility in how and where you use your iPad 2. You could also call it the Value kit for iPad 2, because our incentives include some really useful new accessories for minimal pledge dollars. Another name could be the Protection kit for iPad 2, since the silicone skin with air cells protect against drops while the shoulder and hand straps prevent drops. With half a million apps, the iPad 2 has many uses. We developed this kit to allow you to accessorize the iPad 2 making it usable in any setting. Here's a "cutaway" image to show its layers: The FLEX kit works with a range of accessories and allows the iPad 2 user to strap, carry, stick, clamp, wrap, hang, or prop the iPad 2 almost anywhere. (includes adjustable shoulder strap and velcro hand strap) ($60 pledge also includes large flexible tripod that can be wrapped or clung most anywhere.) ($45 pledge includes small flexible suction monopod for propping the iPad 2 at any angle (right side photo)) The nicely styled silicone skin adds the finishing touch and protects the iPad 2 if dropped. (shown in clear/white below, but kit includes black) In summary, the FLEX kit for iPad 2 consists of five parts: 1) The FLEX frame that clips onto the iPad 2 and features strap loops and a center ring for snap-in and quick release removal of accessories 2) A snap-in rotating pivot with a 1/4” tripod thread that can be screwed onto any camera mount or accessory. 3) A protective skin with “Air Cells” and ribs to cushion drops up to 6 ft 4) A velcro hand strap 5) An adjustable carrying strap with shoulder padThe FLEX frame and pivot are made from a hard polycarbonate plastic. The frame fits snugly under the silicone cover and the pivot snaps securely in or out of the whole assembly. The available flexible suction monopod and large flexible tripod screw into the snap-in pivot. More photos can be seen at www.iPadFlex.com. We really thank you for your support and look forward to your feedback.