Enter the Foundation Dock, a Kickstarter project that's arguably the most versatile iPhone dock to date. - John Broida, CNET “Speaking of cool products, the Foundation Dock is one of the most versatile iPhone docks around. The product looks quite elegant and does match the look of iMacs and MacBook Pros.” - Iphoneness “A strong and flexible docking solution for iPhone...a really nice flexible docking solution or car mount." - Chris Oldroyd, iMore “Probably the best iPhone dock we’ve seen...I shall definitely join the queue.” - Mike Evans, MACFILOS "If you’re looking for a versatile, practical, and great looking dock for your iPhone then you’ve found your perfect match."- Buzzraid "If there was ever a project that embodied the Kickstarter spirt of turning a good idea into a real product, this is it. Meet the Foundation Dock, one of the coolest iPhone docks we’ve ever seen." - iDownloadblog Thank you for making the Foundation Dock a success! After funding closes, visit www.worldofsimpledesign.com to pre-order if you missed getting yours on Kickstarter! Will The Flexible Cable work with the new iPhone 5's Lightning Connector? Yes- our Lightning connector is supplied directly from Apple and all you have to do is choose whether you want the new iPhone 5 or the standard 30 pin connector cable. The iPhone 5 Flexible Cable will have a pass through hole in the bottom of the cradle for the aux out. Will The Foundation Dock support Android Devices? Yes! The Foundation Dock is now available for the Samsung Galaxy S3! When funding closes we will confirm your order and you can choose between the iPhone 4s, 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 dock connector. What is the Foundation Dock? The Foundation Dock is an innovative iPhone docking solution that is the brainchild of World of Simple Design, a product design collective located in Santa Monica, California. This collective was formed by industrial designer Bill Debley, product designer Laine Scandalis, and Brandon Yamawaki, the team’s creative director and designer. "There are a ton of iPhone cradles out there already. What makes Foundation Dock so different?" Yes, fictitious person whom I’ve just invented, there are a ton of docks out there, but the Foundation Dock is simply better and cooler than the rest. How cool, you ask? If the Foundation Dock were a person, it would be Chuck Norris... if Chuck were also Spider Man and drove the Bat Mobile. The Foundation Dock clearly stands out in terms of design, strength, and function. It instantly creates a more streamlined workflow for your area by consolidating your desktop devices into a single, solid hub that’s been CNC machined from aircraft grade aluminum. James Bond would even be jealous of this thing. You know… if he were real. Smart, sleek, and sensible, the Foundation Dock features: A top-facing USB Docking Port 4 powered side USB ports, 2.0- 3.0 A rear-facing USB port (2.0-3.0) for stealthy computer connection Shielded audio line out for connection to an external audio device A 5 Volt DC power adapter Built-in 4W, 4 Ohm speaker An internal mic Laser cannons . . . ok, it doesn’t have those, but wouldn’t that be awesome? “Ok, that’s pretty cool, I guess. Is that it?” Is that it?!? Please. We’re just getting warmed up! In addition to the weighted aluminum base, we’ve created a totally flexible yet rugged 16” rubber coated USB cable that can wrap around objects and be positioned horizontally, vertically, and everywhere in between. The Flexible Cable’s USB connector has been designed with an oversized aluminum housing that recesses perfectly into the top USB port of the Foundation Dock, keeping it secure and rigid. But then, get this: with ONE HAND, that flexible cable can be detached from the weighted base and plugged into any USB port–even reaching a rear facing iMac USB port! No more holding down the base while undocking a USB cable or iPhone. Just lift up and pull out. Oh yeah, and the cable comes in five color options: Fresh Orange, Kickstarter Green, Brilliant Blue, Pitch Black, and Bright White. Since we reached the $45,000 Stretch Goal, we added a new color that our Kickstarter backers chose- meet Ferrari Red Flexible Cable: Thanks for helping us choose the new Cable color! Red wins! The aluminum cradle will support all slim cases and Apple bumpers. It can support the weight of the phone in any position while keeping your phone secure and eliminating any abuse to the phone’s charger port. Set your iPhone at eye-level for perfectly framed Facetime calls, or star in your own videos without the need to prop up your phone. The flexible cable makes it easy to multi-task and looks really cool too! Did I mention that there is an available matching aluminum USB car charger designed with the same recessed USB port as the Foundation Dock? The Flexible Cable will stay in any position you put it in, making your iPhone perfect for navigation or using the speakerphone. The 2.1 amp charging ensures that your iPhone or iPad will charge as quickly as possible. We really tried to think of everything. “Not everything! The Foundation Dock is cool and all, but what if I don’t like the look of anodized aluminum? It’d be great if it came in other colors, too. I’m just not into silver.” Oh, my little made-up friend, you don’t care for the look of bead-blasted and anodized aluminum, crafted to perfectly match your iMac or Macbook Pro Unibody? Did I fail to tell you that we broke out the paint and made limited edition models of Foundation Dock in Matte Black and Ferrari Red? Limited Edition Matte Black and Ferrari Red Foundation Dock Regardless of what color you choose, this device is so cool that once you start using it, you’ll want name your first child Foundation Dock. I’m pretty sure I’m not overselling this. Do you hear that sound? It’s the sound of your mind being blown. I’ll give you a minute . . . All kidding aside, The Foundation Dock project has been a labor of love for us. We’ve poured our hearts and souls into it because we truly believe we’ve come up with a docking solution that’ll make life just a little bit easier for those who use it. And every little bit counts! It’s our sincerest hope that you’ll see the possibilities as well and join us in our Kickstarter campaign to make the Foundation Dock a reality. The Foundation Dock makes a great gift! Download your Foundation Dock holiday print out to wrap and put under the tree! Foundation Dock Holiday Print Out Production We have produced prototypes here in California at World of Simple Design. Money raised from Kickstarter will pay for tooling, materials and production costs. Tooling and parts have been sourced through multiple vendors in Taiwan, with whom we have had relationships for over 10 years. We have received production and tooling costs, lead times, and are ready to go! When we achieve our funding, we will finalize tooling in Oct 2012, start our production run in Nov 2012 and will start shipping in Dec/Jan. Please share this cool product with your iPhone loving friends! Foundation Dock retail packaging concepts Foundation Dock retail packaging concepts Thank you for making it this far down the page!