Founders Playing Cards are an independently created and crafted American deck, honoring twelve of the most inspiring & influential founders of our modern day United States, designed in a neoclassical style reminiscent of architectural, monumental & engraving work from the documents & currency of our nation’s history. --- --- (click to enlarge) Row 1 - K - George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Row 2 - Q - Pocahontas, Susan B. Anthony, Harriet Tubman, Rosie the Riveter. Row 3 - J - John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Frederick Douglass, Theodore Roosevelt Before the founding of America, the classical world used each suit to represent a different social class. The Founders deck is structured on a model using these classical archetypes of Nobility (Spades), Clergy (Hearts), The People (Clubs), and Merchants (Diamonds). Each Founder is seen brandishing their own unique element, representative of their role as a founder and the legacy they have left behind as our inheritance. --- There are two unique Jokers, featuring Uncle Sam carrying the Stars & Stripes in flight upon his Eagle, while clutching a banner bearing the latin phrase ‘Annuit Cœptis’ (He favors our undertakings). One card views this scene from a distance, while the other is simply a close up on Uncle Sam’s face and crops the background. --- The Bill of Rights card can be kept with the deck or carried around as a pocket reference of the first ten amendments to U.S. Constitution. --- The cards come packaged in a red, white & blue embossed box featuring gold foil accents, and a red tax stamp seal. --- 22” x 26.5” Uncut Collectors Sheet (Frame Not Included) --- Navy Blue ‘American Ace’ Tshirt (Available in S,M,L,XL, XXL). Add an 'American Ace' Tshirt to any Reward for just $13. --- Antique Gold 1¾” Engraved Commemorative Coin can be used as a dealer button, card guard, display piece, or decision maker. The front features the same Uncle Sam from the Joker. The back features the Unfinished Pyramid and the Eye of Providence, with latin phrases ‘Libertas Et Justitia Omnibus’ (Liberty & Justice For All) & ‘De Populo, A Populo, Pro Populo’ (by the people, of the people, for the people). Add an Inaugural Coin to any Reward for just $13. --- 12” x 18” Inaugural Founders Print featuring the original artwork for Uncle Sam and his Eagle. Numbered and printed on high quality paper stock. Over the coming days and weeks, we will be publishing updates featuring further insights and greater detail on each Founder's card design. Also, with enough support, we plan on jumpstarting a Founding shop, and releasing further editions. So far, we have planned Red, White & Blue Inaugural Editions, a Greenback Edition (with Engraved Face Cards & Green Backs), and an Executive Edition (a Blue & Gold luxury set). We also plan on offering Boxed Sets, Shirts, Prints, Poker Chips, Cases, Chess & other game sets. --- View Video in HD on Vimeo Music Credits : Dan Roemer & Benh Zeitlin - "Beasts of the Southern Wild"