We have designed the dice keeping the everyday card and board game lover in mind. Its time to bring these sleek dice to life so gamers across the world can surely appreciate the quality of true metal dice. These aren't your typical dice, we've given each side a rounded face with tri-star shaped corners for a 3D dimensional look. With the help of a local metal fabrication shop and numerous hours spent in the modeling process, we were able to create several perfectly machined solid aluminum D6 dice test batches for the purpose of this Kickstarter campaign. We are now ready to move foward with production but need your help in doing so. Your pledge will help cover the raw metal material and workshop labor fabrication cost. Why These Dice were Created No more boring square faced, sharp rigid dice that don't roll evenly. Metal dice with rigid edges have a tendency to scratch and cut game boards and tables. And lets face it they just aren't comfortable to shake when playing your favorite games. The Free Roll Machined Gamer's Dice are perfect for playing board games or for practicing your rolling skills. These dice are durable, perfectly weighted(not by casino regulated standards), smooth and have rounded corners that allow the dice to roll easily. Time for the Details Pledgers will have the choice to decide how many dice they will like to purchase and the color of "pips" or "dots". Each die is machined from a 100% solid piece of high quality raw aluminum. Not Hollow! All dice will be brushed for a smooth feel. Because each die is machine made from solid raw aluminum metal that has been brushed, they will each be unique in appearance making the dice highly collectible. Now you can carry your favorite dice and use them everywhere you go never confusing them with your friends, family, or fellow gamer's dice. Size: 16mm Standard Weight: 0.4oz ea. or 11.34gm ea. Thank You! We want to thank you for taking a look at our project. Please review the rewards to the right in your support and we hope you consider backing the Free Roll Machined Gamer's Dice. Lets bring uniqueness to the Gaming World!