Due to popular demand: Now accepting PayPal pledges! Why not give Full Bore a try, and find out for yourself? This demo is a first-chapter preview with hours of gameplay. Feel free to spread the demo around and send us your feedback! System Requirements: Windows XP, Vista or 7, Linux+Wine1.4+, Possibly OSX+Wine, ~1.8GHz Core 2 or equivalent, DirectX 9c compatible 3D card (Intel Graphics and older Mobile Graphics chips may not run the game at full speed) Problems with the demo? Check out the Demo FAQ. Got the demo before 12/30? Here's what's in the latest version. Click to learn more Full Bore is an exploration/puzzle PC game set in a beautiful, convoluted, underground network. Windows and Linux versions will be available for the retail release- thank you backers! Full Bore draws inspiration from Metroid and Mr. Driller : players rely on curiosity and logic to pry apart the blocky game world, uncovering the wonders and follies of bygone days. Full Bore combines 2D pixel art with modern lighting techniques to achieve a look that is firmly set in the future-past. Original glitch/blues soundtrack puts you in the mood to explore and solve. Full Bore rewards curiosity and thought. The player is free to explore a large open world, where they can find secret treasures and uncover mysteries by solving puzzles built into the environment. The game world is made of many different block types, and each type has its own unique behavior. Some blocks are simple and can be pushed or dug out, while others are complex machines that move on their own. Interaction between different blocks creates new and different barriers and bridges for the player, with each new block building on the challenges of the previous blocks. As the player explores, they encounter and master new blocks, which in turn allows the player to open new paths. This means that the ability to explore is based primarily on what the player has learned about the world, and not a sequence of arbitrary goals. Click for More Screenshots! Whole Hog Games is a team of three developers from Northern California who went to the same high school, went their separate ways, and then subsequently reunited to create video games! Our programmer is Casey Carlin, a Computer Science and Computer Engineering graduate who mastered his craft at ARC System Works, (legendary creators of Guilty Gear and BlazBlue) where he worked on games such as Hard Corps: Uprising and Nurarihyon no Mago: Hyakki Ryouran Taisen. Our Artist, Finn Beazlie, is an Illustration graduate who combines his love of cartoons with his love of video games to give our project its whimsical style. Our game designer is Jake Federico, a Mechanical Engineering graduate and longtime devotee of competitive gaming who combines his trade and hobby to create interesting, interlocked and fun game systems. Without some kind of external funding we will not be able to invest the kind of time necessary to create a really great game. Kickstarter gives us a way to get the funding we need with the best kind of strings attached- the expectations of the people who want to play Full Bore. Kickstarter will let us connect with people who are enthusiastic about our game, and our vision, and the feedback from this community will be invaluable in shaping Full Bore into an exceptional finished product. Funding Goal Breakdown: Max Kickstarter Costs and Overhead: $1,200 Max Fulfillment Costs: $1,300 Two Full-Time Developers Working to Finish by March, 2013: $10,000 Total: $12,500 Stretch Goals are detailed below! We have already completed approximately a third of the game content. This is primarily the first act of the game, where the general story, mechanics and characters of the game are presented to the player. During this segment, the player is introduced to the protagonist, Frederick, and finds out how the little boar gets tangled up in Full Bore Mining Company's financial downturn. In terms of mechanics, there are over ten unique block behaviors implemented, many of which have multiple art styles. We have completed the artwork for two environments. The first environment is a friendly introduction area composed of dirt, rock, and ramshackle mines. After this we introduce a mine shaft called Deep Delve that was recently overrun by a lava flow. At the very bottom of the Delve Frederick may find some things better left untouched... Because the first section of the game is functionally complete and polished, we can say with confidence that the framework for the game is finished to our satisfaction. As part of this process the engine programming and content creation tools have also been brought up to final quality. What this means for backers is that we are already able to quickly build and test new blocks, puzzles, and finished areas. Faster content creation means we are able to budget much more time for fan-feedback and polish and ultimately make you a better game. Along with the game content, we have an original Glitchin’ Blues soundtrack composed by Miguel Acuña and The Adjective Plural Noun. All 8 tracks of the current soundtrack are featured in the demo, but you can listen to one of the tracks below and two more are available at our website. The music has been instrumental in setting the mood of Full Bore and inspiring us to make a game worthy of the soundtrack. The last two-thirds of the game have been planned, but not completed. We have started concept work on these areas and are excited about implementing new block types, environments and characters. The Wider World: Frolic in golden fields of flowers, worm your way through the warrens of the moles, and square off against runaway mining equipment. Temple: Varaha, the mysterious second foreman of Full Bore Mining Co. has been on an extended investigation of the ancient ruins past The Big Door. These ruins contain a ominous blend of old stones, new technology and perilous traps. Mechanical Castle: Deep in the industrial bowels of a ruined civilization, an evil festers and long-dead machines have awoken to serve its dark purpose. More Music: Along with new areas, we want to get more music in the game to support Full Bore’s detailed world. A portion of each pledge that includes a soundtrack will go toward putting more music in the game. Soundtrack: Full Bore showcases an extensive original glitch/blues soundtrack- the demo alone has 35 minutes of original music! The Kickstarter-Exclusive soundtrack will, at a minimum, include the following: Creation Tools: You will be granted exclusive access to our 'Beta' distribution program, which includes a frequently updated version of Full Bore with a built-in level editor. You will be able play new content as it's made and use the editor to experiment with the block types currently in the game, as well as experimental blocks which aren't seen in the demo. Additionally, you will be granted access to developer forums where you can interact with us directly and share your creations with other backers. Print: A signed, high quality 11x17 inch Kickstarter backer exclusive limited-edition print. The print image will be decided by the backers after successful funding. T-shirt: The T-shirt will be like the print- a limited run Kickstarter backer exclusive. We hope you will wear it proudly. Architect, Digital Immortality and Golden Boar Editions: We will work with you directly to meld your content idea in to the Full Bore universe. We will be open to just about any idea, so long as it is awesome for the players. Stretch Goals If we get over-funded, we plan on putting that funding back to work for you. Linux Support: Full Bore was started as a Windows PC game, and though we were careful to make it easy to port, there is still a substantial amount of work involved in getting it running well on Linux Mac Support: With a Linux port done, most of the work for a Mac port will be finished as well. However, none of us own any Mac computers! Any funding we get over the Linux stretch goal will go towards buying Mac hardware and software. Expansion Pack: If we see significant overfunding, we will use that to make more content. This pack, tentatively titled "You Mad, Boar?" will feature a new area focused on increasingly devious puzzle solving. Naturally, the expansion will be distributed for free to all backers. And More: We have ideas for further development, but we need your help to get there!