Rome demands BEAUTY! GLORY TO ROME by Carl Chudyk, presented in a new "Black Box" edition re-imagined by Heiko Gunther with breathtaking graphic design and top quality production to make GTR look as elegant as it plays. We are talking about a real game with top quality card stock, etc. in an actual box complete with molded plastic insert tray and (some) overpriced Chinese air. It will be printed and produced by a specialist playing card / games manufacturer using “state of the art” card printing and cutting technology . This edition will include both the original "Imperial" rules (matching the current Glory To Rome I.V edition) and the more stream-lined "Republic" rules based on the M.I.T. secret house rules published on BoardGameGeek in November 2007. This is it, the real deal. A beautiful, "geek quality" edition of the game to rival the versions coming out in French, German, Polish, Italian, etc. - All we need are enough pre-orders for the initial print run! WOW. Just WOW. Glory To Rome, Black Box Edition hit its initial $21K target in just over two days and is continued to attract great interest and pledges! Since then the project has been continuing to attract crazy support - we just broke $48,379 to become the most successful Board / Card Game Kickstarter project so far! Sounds like a reason to celebrate! Firstly, a cool benefit for everyone - if we hit this tier we will expand the Promo Cards to include 10 different buildings (36 cards) instead of 6 buildings (18 cards). By the way, THESE are the cards we're proposing - there's still time to vote for your favorite! Secondly, another across the board benefit - everyone will get a boardgamegeek microbadge! These are exclusive, not for sale items that will be awarded based on your tier; Art to follow once Heiko gets back from vacation! Thirdly, we are now up to six different choices for additional promotional items: 1) Limited edition badge (with pin) 2) Limited edition badge (no pin - use as leader token) 3) Promotional cards for "BLACK BOX" edition (36 total) 4) Promotional cards for previous "I.V" edition: Republic / Promotional Cards - Merchant Bonus Cards, Republic Conversion, Promotional Cards (57 total) 5) Player Mat "risers" - 25 clear plastic feet (so 5 per Camp) 6) "Travel" version of the player camps - 5 tile thickness 3.5" x 2.5" camps Each backer who qualifies for a limited edition badge will receive the following picks - note that apart from "THINKER" these choices replace the limited edition badge mentioned in the tiers: • Three choice if your first pledge is August 9th or later • Four choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $40,000 (August 8th) • Five choices if your first pledge was before midnight EST on the day we reached $25,000 (August 3rd) • Extra choices can be purchased for an additional $5 pledge How it works: THINKER / RUBBLE - your choices are in addition to the Badge / I.V promo cards since those are the main benefits from your tier. WOOD / BRICK - see above. These are choices you receive instead of the limited edition badge. For BRICK both sets of choices are based on your first pledge date. BRICK / STONE - you get one set of choices per copy of the game. Also the timing for all the copies is when you made your first pledge, even if it was at a lower level CONCRETE - as an Architect your pledge automatically qualifies for the August 3rd tier. Thank you for your support! STONE - You also get one set of choices per copy, based on the timing of your first pledge. STONE (Honorary Patron) if you arrange pledges for 12 or more copies ($360) then your gets Honorary Patron status and all the benefits of MARBLE (see below); this includes every copy in your group receiving one of every promotional item! MARBLE / LEADER - as Patron or Leader you'll receive one of everything. Thank you for your commitment to making this new edition a success! From here to $75,000 From $61,000 to $75,000 we're going to do a sweepstake draw every $1,000K to give one choice of Heiko's limited edition poster, a personal letter of apology from me, or a copy of one of the international editions of the game (so up to 15 prizes total). I'm really not convinced that we're going to get to $75,000 but if we do then it's going to be another HUGE milestone - these are the rewards we're offering: 1) Another promo choice for everybody. I'm running out of ideas so am open to suggestions for what this should be - so far my best idea is a compact mini-box to go with the travel camp sets 2) A one person "Factory Worker" flights + hotel trip to Shanghai for the weekend of Sept 17th including visiting the printer to help with checking the final versions, assembling the promo packs, etc. I will work out the specifics if it looks like we're getting close. Detailed rules for both sweepstakes are in update #9 but the entry process is the same as before - Follow us on Twitter or Register for our Newsletter - so if you already entered the $60K sweepstake then you're included in the new ones too! Thank you ALL for the incredible support! Background info CAMBRIDGE GAMES FACTORY is (and always will be) a development led company; we publish games, not jigsaws, and given a choice between producing games which are beautiful or games that are playable we will always, always choose playability. Always. Glory to Rome is already in the TOP 100 on BoardGameGeek due to its ingenious mechanics and immense replayability - however our current edition is made with functional clip art and a 'lovable' plastic clamshell box to match our other games. For years, serious Glory To Rome fans have been clamouring for a higher quality edition of the game. The case was made superbly as an "INTERVENTION" by Endersgame at the start of his excellent review of BARONS (our latest release). I laughed out loud when I read it, but then found myself wondering seriously about how to support our "devoted friends on the geek" without compromising our business goals and strategy. About the same time Pastabatman started a POLL asking for interest in new edition of Glory To Rome using the artwork Heiko had just created - it was quickly clear that I wasn't the only one wowed by this new look for the game! Every Backer supporting this release at the "THINKER" level or higher will receive a quality enamel badge from Termight Replicas with original artwork from Heiko Gunther. TERMIGHT REPLICAS are a specialist producer of high quality licensed badges and other comic items run by Wakefield Carter, CGF Commercial Director