What's a go-comb? Go-combs are combs that fit right in your wallet like a credit card. Made from a variety of plastics and metals, they're durable, waterproof and work well in all hair types! Some even double as a mirror, for the ultimate grooming accessory. Who are go-combs for? It's pretty simple: if you have hair, you could use a go-comb. We have a variety of materials and styles to provide stylistic options for everyone, men, women, kids, pets, you name it! Whether you carry it with you every day, or use it when you need it (travel, beach, night out, etc.), you'll find it's a handy piece and a fun gift. Tell me more about the rewards. Below are some photos and descriptions of each reward level. If you have more questions, please don't hesitate to ask! Plastic go-comb The classic go-comb: waterproof, slightly flexible and durable plastic, works in all hair types. Choose from 1 of 3 styles through a survey at the end — we'll offer styles for men and women, including the mirror go-comb (other two may differ from above). go-comb Designed by Julia Rothman: A Campaign Exclusive We've teamed up w/ talented illustrator Julia Rothman for an exclusive go-comb, only available through this campaign. This will be a plastic comb with her original design. Aqua Steel go-comb: A Campaign Exclusive Snag this bright Kickstarter-only go-comb. With a base of stainless steel, this comb is super durable and coated with a fresh layer of aqua, providing a smooth surface for the hair. Waterproof and works in all hair types! Personalized Stainless Steel go-comb Made of stainless steel and finished with a smooth coating, this is a super durable option with an industrial edge. Pick between regular or fine teeth and submit your personalization through a survey at the end of the campaign. Personalized Brass + Mirror go-comb This durable comb with smooth coating has a beautifully etched design and personalization on one side, with a chrome finish on the other, doubling as a mirror. Submit your personalization through a survey at the end of the campaign. Design-Your-Own Stainless Steel go-combs Flex your creativity and have your design etched onto 10 stainless steel go-combs. We can help execute your vision, whether from a photo or sketch to technical drawing. Other Rewards The rest are multiples of the above, so more for you or share the go-comb love! Why are you raising money? So far I've been able to run my go-comb production through laser cutting. This was a great way to test out the product and concept, without a lot of up front cost. Now that the interest in go-comb is growing, I need to bring manufacturing up a notch to meet the demand. Your support of go-comb will go toward two areas: Scalable Manufacturing I've done a lot of research and have found local manufacturers I want to partner with — we've come up with a new process that will both bring costs down while improving quality. These processes require a significant up front investment, which is why I need to raise some funds. Personalization Equipment One thing I've learned (and love) is that people enjoy giving go-combs as gifts. Whether a stocking stuffer, a Father's day gift or groomsmen/bridesmaid set, personalized go-combs were really popular when I offered them. In order to offer personalized options again, I need to invest in my own laser cutter, which will allow me to fulfill personalized orders quickly and efficiently. Last but not least... I want to give a huge THANKS to everyone who contributed to building this campaign: my awesome friends who braved the camera, Andrew who lent us legit photo equipment and most importantly my husband Zack who shot and edited the video — I love you! And here's an advanced thanks to anyone who decides to support the campaign or shares it with their friends. This will not happen without you!