UPDATE #2: Platforms A Plenty! - We need your help to make the Grapple Knight experience the best it can be across all major computer platforms! UPDATE #3: We Partner with RetroZone! - SNES Controllers added to the All Physical Rewards pledge. UPDATE #4: Reward Spotlight - Adventure Knight Poster - We shed a little light on the amazing watercolour poster created by Adventure Time's Andy Garner-Flexner. UPDATE #5: Stretch Goals Revealed! - We give the campaign a once over with visual reward descriptions and a completely revealed stretch goal tower! UPDATE #6: Box Design Polls Now Open! - We start the backer only vote to determine which design will become the official box design for Grapple Knight! UPDATE #8: Palm Kingdoms Lends a Knightly Hand! - Add $10 to your pledge level to receive a PC and Mac copy of Palm Kingdoms 2! Stretch Goals revised to be cooler and cheaper! UPDATE #9: Wii-U Within Grasp! - We add Wii-U development to our stretch goals and finally celebrate reaching our funding goal! UPDATE #10: Final Hours! - We say our thank you's and good byes, also PayPal support! For every stretch goal we hit in addition to the major goal, we will also be adding a certain number of additional tracks and achievements to the game. This allows us to grow their content passively the better the campaign does, so let's help Jouren blast his way down through the tower! $16,000 - We have heard back from Nintendo and release on the Wii-U is within our grasp! This tier will cover the costs for getting Grapple Knight onto the Wii-U and submitted to Nintendo as well as paying for QA testing to make sure that the console release is top notch. Lets get Grapple Knight onto one of the best consoles of the coming generation! $21,000 - Need a 1up or feel like your score could be a little better? Perhaps you just need something short, fun and new? After every boss fight as you move to the next stage, you will get to play a bonus stage to earn more points and rewards! Destroy a statue of the Alchemist before the time runs out or maybe you will have to ride a minecart down into the caves before the stage begins! $26,000 - Someone left the door to the alchemists laboratory open! Aside from the end stage bosses that will award Jouren with powerful moves and abilities, we will create all original act mini bosses that will provide a world of new and intense challenges for players on this epic quest. $31,000 - A bonus stage and all new environment will be added to Jouren's quest to defeat the Evil Alchemist. You will be in for the battle of a life time as you take on a whole new set of enemies and bosses, but you will be proportionally rewarded with an ultimate and all powerful ability! $41,000 - We will break out the spit shine and polish Grapple Knight to a blinding sheen. With the creation of even more character animations, transitions, custom special attack animations and animated multi-emotional character portraits, you will be hard pressed to find another pixel platformer out there with this level of absolute completion! $51,000 - Taking the story to an entirely new level, an animated opening and ending retro cinematic will be created for Grapple Knight to truly pay homage to Jouren's long and difficult quest in the best way possible. How did Jouren begin his quest and what happened after the alchemist was defeated? Watch and find out! $56,000 - A secondary play mode will be implemented for Grapple Knight, once a stage has been completed in "Story Mode", you will be able to replay these stages in a timed mode where you will compete with others across the globe for the fastest time and highest score. Also great for speed runners! $66,000 - All main character genders will be swapped in this bonus game mode with the story, dialogue and portraits adjusted accordingly. Play as Louren and her spirit companion Stride as they fight to defeat the Evil Alchemist (who will also be female, all names tentative). $86,000 - We will take the bonus stage from the $25,000 stretch goal and make it the beginning of an entirely new chapter with a total of 4 stages, each with its own set of new gameplay mechanics, powers, enemies and bosses! $???,??? - We have made it to the big leagues! Grapple Knight will be ported and released onto one of the amazing handheld platforms out there that would be perfect for our game like the Playstation VIta or the 3DS. Backers will then be able to specify which system they would like their purchased copy of the game sent to by way of digital redemption code! Grapple Knight is still a work in progress and as such the visuals and features currently available are not indicative of the final product Download and play the latest Grapple Knight demo here: Windows: v0.1.8.7 Macintosh: v0.1.8.7 Linux: v0.1.8.7 **new and untested** How skilled are you? Grapple Knight is a fast paced 2d platformer that is currently in development for Windows, Mac, and Linux. Alongside a retro inspired artstyle and soundtrack, Grapple Knight seeks to challenge players to use quick combinations of slides, grapples, and attacks as you guide the hero, Jouren, through a myriad of environments and enemies! Take on a quest to restore peace to the lands using the spirit grapple of Stroud to swing, grab and zip through environments! Defeat monsters that stand in the way, using your spirit weapons and abilities. Uncover the tombs of Stroud's fellow knights as they offer their aid to Jouren, bestowing new powers. Down the Alchemist's toughest creations, gaining special abilities to reach previously inaccessible areas. Empower Jouren on his journey as he transforms from a common man to a knight of legend! Enjoy challenging retro inspired gameplay, alongside a chiptune soundtrack, and authentic pixel art. Windows, Mac, and Linux versions with Gamepad support. Given the game's beginnings, we saw it fitting to have the game's art style visually reflect our roots as gamers. We took inspiration of many 16-bit style games and incorporated what we liked from each to create something that we felt best represented that classic era in gaming. How much of the game have we completed? The funds for the campaign if successful will be used for the following facets of the games development: Everyone on the Red Knight Games team knows that we are onto to something truly fun and special with Grapple Knight. We are excited to share our vision with all of you, the Kickstarter community! We are truly grateful for your support, and as such we want to make sure that your support does not go unrewarded. Get your own digital copy of Grapple Knight available on PC, Mac and Linux (possibly on other platforms such as Steam, Vita and Wii-U). All pledges of $10 and above will net themselves the full and final release of the game! Mock up not final Mock up not final Created for demonstration purposes Created for demonstration purposes Artist: Andy Garner-Flexner To see more on the poster's creation process, check out our special reward spotlight! Created for demonstration purposes Click to vote for your favourite design! Created for demonstration purposes Character design courtesy of backer Seizui There are a wide range of reward tiers for you to choose from, but it's dangerous to go alone; so make use of this chart that will guide you on your journey to acquiring magnificent gifts. Be sure to use the chart above in conjunction with the detailed descriptions to the right of this campaign! Want to keep up to date? Be a part of the Red Knight Games commuinity? Here are the ways you can: Website: www.redknightgames.com Facebook: Like and share! Twitter: Follow us! Indie DB: Comment and subscribe! YouTube: Subscribe and watch! Steam: Greenlight this game!