“Steampunk? Airships? Co-operative gameplay? Where do I sign up?” – IndieGames.com “...yes, it’s just as awesome as it sounds: online multiplayer airship combat game. Are you excited yet?” – DIYGamer.com “Post-apocalyptic zeppelin-based battle? Yes, please” – GamesRadar.com “Gatling guns and flamethrowers? Don't mind if I do!” – LightSpeed-Gaming.com WHAT IS GUNS OF ICARUS ONLINE? Guns of Icarus Online is a team-based, first-person multiplayer airship combat game set in a post-apocalyptic, steampunk/dieselpunk-inspired world. Join a few of your friends to serve aboard an airship, or get a captain’s license and your own ship, crew it with your friends or some hired hands, and set sail for adventure as you brave danger-filled skies to deliver precious cargo and fight off air pirates and rival factions. The core of the gameplay is contained in the three classes of Gunner, Engineer, and Captain. Each has a specific and vital role to fulfill, be it manning the guns, making repairs, or piloting the ship, and each player must respond on the fly to rapidly changing conditions. Gunners may abandon their guns to repair a vital component, or the Captain may ditch the wheel to add a little more firepower to a broadside sweep. On the small scale, the game is about the thrill of flying and moment-to-moment airship combat, with its strategy, skill, and frantic action, and the teamwork of a well-knit crew where everyone has a job to do. These experiences are the core of the PvP combat mode in the initial release. Later we will expand the game to include a multiplayer campaign mode that’s all about the politics of alliance and conquest, and the economics of nurturing the growth of struggling towns while increasing your own profits through trade. As the captain of a merchant ship, you will be the one that towns depend on to deliver the supplies they need to survive. Lose the cargo en route, and shortages will hamper growth and affect the local economy. As a warship captain, you’ll be on the front line defending or expanding your faction’s territory, protecting merchant fleets so shipments get where they’re going -- or raiding them and bringing the spoils home. Guns of Icarus Online is the spiritual successor to our previous game Guns of Icarus, which followed the journey of the pioneering solo captain Gabriel aboard his airship the Icarus through pirate-filled skies. Guns of Icarus Online is the expansion of that idea into a broader, richer, more exciting world, and represents the game we always wanted to make. We hope you’ll help us make it a reality! FEATURES Competitive multiplayer – Co-op & PvP Unique combat system – Shooter, time-management, navigation Post-apocalyptic steampunk/dieselpunk look Extensive customization with lots of weapons, engines, and decorative ship parts Robust skills system and player classes Environmental effects playing a key role in ship status and combat strategy Campaign with mission, factions, trade, and crafting - dynamically affecting battlefronts and alliances TRAILER VIDEOS THE WORLD OF GUNS OF ICARUS ONLINE Three hundred years have passed since the Great War consumed the planet. Three hundred years since the human race ate hungrily of mother earth, squandering resources that could have carried them forward for millennia. In the heat of the sun, there is an unsettling, inescapable truth: man has fallen from his throne. Humanity now lives among the ruins left by a century of conflict, but from the wrecked steel of the past they will forge their own future. Lighter-than-air technology has inspired intrepid pioneers to take to the skies in search of trade and resources to support their towns and families. Enterprising craftsmen fashion elaborate machines out of scavenged scraps. The desperate and ruthless take what they can by force. Despite all that was lost, a renewed passion for invention has emerged, along with a deep respect for the fragility of life. Explorers and philosophers travel in search of forgotten knowledge now scattered beneath the wastes. The survivors are inventors, pilots, captains, craftsmen, adventurers, fighters, privateers, merchants, engineers, farmers and scholars. They herald a new age for humanity: an age of rebirth. HOW WE GOT HERE We are a small indie studio in New York, and we released the first Guns of Icarus in May of 2010 on Steam and later on the Mac App Store. Before that, we had developed a few small web and iPhone games, but Guns was our first important release where we actually made money on a game! Because our budget was really tight (as it always is, what else is new...), we tried to innovate on the game mechanics but kept the scope small, with a total development time of about five months. The game generated a lot of enthusiasm and did really well, and we received a lot of feedback from players and fans about features they wanted to see and where we could take the game in the future. There were a ton of ideas we still wanted to explore, and the concept and setting seemed ripe for development as a larger-scale, multiplayer game. With Guns of Icarus Online, we are finally able do some of the things we’ve wanted to do since the original game and bring that expanded world to life. WE NEED YOUR HELP! We were fortunate to have done well enough with our previous projects Guns of Icarus and CreaVures to have the opportunity to make Guns of Icarus Online. This game is our biggest and most ambitious project by far, and we are pouring pretty much everything we have into it. The funds we raise in this campaign will help us finish and polish the game and go toward things like music and sound design, creating additional art assets, and server hosting and maintenance costs.We want the end product to be as awesome as it can possibly be, which is why we’re asking for your support. We also want to get the word out and reward our early supporters with goodies like discounted preorders, closed beta access, and special limited-edition items. We had great support from people on Kickstarter for our last game CreaVures, and hope people will continue to support us so we can make Guns of Icarus Online a reality! Help us spread the word! If you are interested in just lending moral support or helping out in other ways, that's still awesome. We can definitely use help testing the game and giving us feedback along the way. We're still working on getting a forum up on the website, so stay tuned for that. REWARDS! Guns Pilotwing Logo t-shirt! This is a unisex 100% cotton t-shirt from American Apparel adorned with the sweet steampunk “Pilotwing” logo by artist Tim Doolen. Guns of Icarus Poster and Signed Poster! This is a high-quality print of our iconic and beautiful “Evening Airship” wallpaper. Signed posters will be limited to a run of 13 and will be signed by members of the Muse Games team. Exclusive Costume. This is one of our favorite costume designs. The in game costume will have a male as well as a female version. Captain's Log Book. It is 4x6 in size, which is great for carrying it around, and it features leather covers and a classical, clean look. We will also have a special Guns of Icarus Online logo stamped on the inside cover, along with a signed sketch by our artists on the first page of each book. Custom USB design. Please note that this image is a mockup only! The actual USB will have the Guns of Icarus Online logo etched, so it will look even better than this. Art Book. It is going to be 40 pages of Guns of Icarus Online artwork with a black and white cover and perfect bound softcover. Thanks so much for checking out our project! If you’d like to reach us or get updates on our progress: Like us on facebook: <url>