Experience the city in a new way Halfbike brings you a completely new experience. It’s a vehicle that combines running and cycling, which turns out to be remarkably exciting and fun for getting around the city. A bicycle revised both in terms of size and functionality, a new kind of personal vehicle designed with rider experience in mind. Halfbike is light, compact and simple. You stand upright and turn simply by leaning your body. The ride is smooth and sometimes feels like gliding. We hope that Halfbike can show you what pure joy from riding really means. Story It all started from my passion to optimize things that surround me and my love for bicycles. I started sketching different concepts for a simplified bike and soon reached a point where I needed to test these concepts in real life. For some of the early prototypes I used old bicycles and parts I found at the attic. I was amazed how well people reacted to the idea and that made me want to keep up. Along the process other people were drawn into the project creating a small team. After further development and experiments with various rider positions followed by even more prototypes, the desired level of control was finally achieved. What we have now is a patent pending new type of personal vehicle ready for the market. Uses Halfbike is great for commuting and transforms it from a monotonous task into a vibrant part of our everyday life. It is suitable for short distances and in conjunction with public transport could be taken on board for longer trips. Halfbike is compact enough for an elevator, light enough to carry it on stairs and fits into spaces too small for a normal bike. If you just want to do some exercise it’s perfect for a Sunday morning in the park. Riding it mimics low impact style running and is great for “bike-jogging”. The joy of riding it can give you motivation to go out and have some fun. Learning Do you remember what it felt the first time you rode a bicycle? All the excitement from trying something new? Learning from scratch how to ride a Halfbike and improving your skills would certainly be an amazing new experience. That includes at first finding your balance and feeling the ride and then gradually improve. Just follow your body and the rest will come naturally. An empty open space with a smooth pavement is highly recommended for a start. There’s plenty of room, though, to challenge yourself and explore new horizons. Halfbike delivers a unique feeling no matter how you ride it. Build Halfbike is hand made locally from high-quality materials and components. We emphasize on the clear and minimalistic design and optimized details. We take care of the frame and handlebar manufacturing along with all the necessary testing to ensure a high quality product. The lightweight aluminium frame is laser cut and hand welded and the handlebar is hand crafted from impregnated plywood. The rest of the components are meticulously selected and come from a range of well renowned manufacturers. All the pieces will be carefully assembled in our workshop. Reactions No matter where you are going to ride it, you’ll attract people’s looks and bring smiles. Halfbike is a real conversation starter and stands out from the crowd. Be prepared for people stopping you in the street curious what it is, how it works, some will even want to try it. You may consider another mean of transport if you want to keep a low profile. It is contagious! Support We would like to share this new experience with as many people as possible, and for that we need your support. We believe in local manufacturing and the funds from the campaign will be used to start the first batch of production. Our whole hearts are in this project and we thank you. The team Kolelinia is founded by Martin Angelov and Mihail Klenov - two architects sharing a vision about urban mobility and how it can be applied to the contemporary city. Among our other projects are: Kolelinia Path, Dio Grid and Kolelinio. Kolelinia is group of young people dedicated to searching for alternative transport systems. We live in a dynamic time of technological leaps, but at the same time the means of transport fail to keep up. We miss the joy of travel, the human scale and the variety. We believe there is a great potential for smarter vehicles both human-powered and electric ones and we are committed to prove it! Martin Angelov, inventor of Halfbike and co-founder of Kolelinia. A passionate cyclist with experience in manufacturing and working with wood and metal. Sport forms an vibrant part of his day to day life. First prize at the international architectural competition “Line of Site” on the City Transportation Interchange Brief (London). Museum of the City of New York – exhibition The Greatest Grid: The Master Plan of Manhattan organized by The Architectural League of New York. The Design Biennial in Saint Etienne – exhibition La ville mobile. West Coast Green in San Francisco, the world’s largest conference for green innovations. Twice speaker at a TEDx conference.