Bring super luxury hand spun made from single breeds fiber to the market. I hand spun and hand dye this 100% Polwarth yarn. Super Luxury Handspun single breed yarns One of the things about being a knitter or a crocheter is that often options at the local yarn stores are very limited. However, when we decide we want to try different breeds of wool the options are overwhelming and confusing. It would be great if there was a middle ground. That is the point of this project to create that middle ground. Grey Sulfolk I spun myself. in center pull ball The goal of this project is to bring single breed wool yarns to the public in user friendly way. With this project you can try one breed, two breeds, four breeds, eight breeds, twelve or even 26 breeds. This will allow you to dip a toe or take a full dive into the wide world of single breed yarns. Devon Fiber with the Notecard/Labels that will included with rewards I will hand spin all of the fiber into yarns myself. This will be a fun and exciting project. I will share lots of pictures at every step of the way so I hope you will join us and help the project become a reality. The funding for this project will pay for: FIBER! I have a number of sources that will be able to provide me with as much fiber as needed for the project. A high quality production spinning wheel. Yarn Handspun by me. How Kickstarter works: Funding on Kickstarter is all-or-nothing. If you like the project, you can pledge money to help make it become a reality. If the project succeeds in reaching its funding goal, all backers' credit cards are charged when time expires (the project ends on a sunday night so that it is right after a payday :) ). If the project falls short, no one is charged, and I spend the night drinking away my sorrows. Find me and my etsy shop online: www.facebook.com/kouturecrochet kouturecrochet.etsy.com Merino Sheep source:wikipedia. Merino wool is extremely soft and feels great next to skin. What is the project?The goal of the project is simply to bring single sheep breed yarns to market in an affordable and user friendly way. Corriedale sheep; source wikipedia Corriedale wool is also extremely soft! Why single breed yarns?Just as different breeds of dogs are breed for different jobs, throughout the last hundreds of years different regions and groups of people breed sheep to fulfill different needs. Some breeds were bred for their meat or wool or both. Wool of sheep bred for their wool will have different characteristics, usually softer and higher yields. Wool from animals bred for their meat varies greatly and is full of surprises. The best way to know "what is what" is to feel the yarn and work with it. However, there are hundreds of breeds and thousands of varieties. One skein of single breed yarn can be anywhere from $15 - $70. As a result most of us do not have the means to try more than a few breeds in a lifetime. I have narrowed down the list to just 26 breeds. Most are fairly common and fairly easy to find. These breeds vary greatly from the insanely soft, rare and colorful California Variegated Mutant to the workaday, affordable Masham. There is the silky Polwarth and the rough and sturdy Jacob and so much more. Shetland Sheep; Source: wikipedia Shetland wool comes in many colors & is great for sweaters and colorwork. How will you bring these yarns to market? The first step is to get this project funded. Once the project is funded, It will all depend on how successful the project turns out to be and how big the demand is. The yarns will be available for sale (at a higher price) in my etsy shop ( kouturecrochet.etsy.com ). Depending on the demand I can handspin the yarn and sell it in my etsy shop or if the demand is greater I will set up a website and have already begun the research and taken the first steps to get it spun at a larger scale spinning mill. Teeswater Sheep; Source: wikipedia How will the money be allocated (so far)? As you can see even though the goal has been met, in order to offer the best yarn as soon as possible we need to spread the word to get more funding. The breakdown does not include my time or unexpected expenses. The current breakdown is as follows: $565 wheel $216 kickstarter and amazon payment fees $829.25 fiber $250 shipping $40 mailing envelopes with shipping $227 Unforeseen expenses Total needed $2,127.25 Total raised $2,047 Difference -$80.25 Jacob yarn handspun by me and unspun Jacob Fiber. STRETCH GOALS!! 100% FULLY FUNDED! - REACHED! 150% Everyone who pledged $52 or more gets a mystery 1oz skein of a breed not already included in your pack! -REACHED!!! 225% EVERYONE getting a shipped item, gets a mystery 1oz skein of a breed not already included in your pack. If you pledged $52 or more you will get 2 (two) mystery 1oz skeins of breeds not already included in your pack! -REACHED!!! 290% Spinning Wheel Upgrade to the Hansen MiniSpinner. This is a VERY important milestone. The Electric spinning wheel is fast, high quality, accurate and easy to use. This means that rewards will go out VERY quickly. This would allow rewards to go weeks or even an entire month early. 350% Surprise unlocked! And last but not least I will take part in Kickin It Forward. I believe strongly in supporting other start ups and I want to support other projects I love!