Rick Hershey and Nikola Jajic announce their collaboration on the original graphic novel, H.P. Lovecraft’s Wonderland. The graphic novel tells the familiar tale of Alice’s adventure in Wonderland as if the story was written by cult horror writer H.P. Lovecraft ( At the Mountains of Madness, Call of Cthulhu, The Dunwich Horror). This is the third collaboration between writer Nikola Jajic and artist Rick Hershey on a graphic novel, their last being the title Loosely Based published by Arcana Comics. Where Nikola provided the story and Rick handled pencils and inks. For H.P. Lovecraft’s Wonderland, Nikola Jajic returns to write the script as Rick Hershey picks up the duties of linework, colors, and lettering. Both Nikola Jajic and Rick Hershey are working professionals. By pledging money to the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland graphic novel you will be buying the time needed to produce this awesome project to the level of detail and commitment needed. . . and it will be beautiful. Here's the first page, just as a teaser. Some quick Q&A How does the character pledges work and what's expected with the required photos? It's pretty easy, if you want to take the role of a character from the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland, find the character you want (if still available) and pledge the required amount needed to secure the role. When the project is funded, you'll need to sign a model release form and provide 10 photos of yourself. These photos only need to be headshots from different angles and different expressions. I'll provide a guide on what I'm looking for to each backer. These images are for my use only and will not be shown publicly. How does the Advertisement Pledge work? If you own a business, have a neat product, or even just run a relevant website to the themes of our project then you can pledge for either a 1/2 of full page ad in the H.P. Lovecraft's Wonderland graphic novel. Now, we don't want just random ads sticking out in our book, so we will work with you to design your ad to compliment our project and give it a classic look like the ads in old comics. Remember those? These will be full color ads created with your help by artist Rick Hershey.