Facebook | Twitter | Pinterest | Google+ Have you ever wondered where your items are? People have trouble finding their things all the time. An average person spends nearly 10 minutes before leaving their home looking for keys, wallets, or handbags. This can make people late for interviews, meetings, even dates. We get it, and that’s why we solved it. With iFind. iFind is the next generation item locating tag. The tag communicates with your iOS or Android devices using Bluetooth and will never need to be charged. The iFind tag can be attached to all of your personal items , and you only need your phone to find them. Tag any item that you want, and it’s at your fingertips. Unlike other locating tags, there is no battery in the iFind tag. It recycles electromagnetic energy and stores it in a unique power bank. This exciting feature frees you from the trouble of charging batteries or replacing them through the manufacturer. The battery-free design also makes the iFind tag thin and light. At 1.25"x1.06"x0.09" (32 x 27 x 2.4mm), it can be slipped into or attached to just about anything. With its 200ft (60m) detection range and loud alarm, iFind will never let you down. The iFind tag is ready to use in just two steps. First, place your iOS or Android device next to an iFind tag and open the iFind App for automatic pairing. Next, attach the iFind tag to anything you want to track. You can also assign a unique ID to each tag and pass it to anyone who may then locate that tag for you. What if you cannot find your phone? That’s easy with iFind: you can locate your phone by shaking any of your iFind tags — No more frustration. After having dinner with your friends you get a notification on your phone. The iFind app tells you that your keys have gone out of range; they had fallen out of your pocket when you were in the restaurant. Without this Rope function, you would have gotten all of the way home before noticing that they were missing. Have you ever been desperately looking for your wallet in a large building or party? Even with iFind's impressive 200ft range and loud beep, it could still take hours to find it by yourself. Thankfully, the iFind App has the UHelp function to let you team up with friends. Share your wallet’s tag ID, and your friends can use their own phones to quickly find your wallet. The iFind tag is environmentally friendly as it uses no batteries and is made of a biocompatible plastic. You, your pets and your surroundings are completely safe with iFind tags. Our team spent almost three years in the research and over a year in development of iFind including design and market analysis. We are proud to produce this state of art device that is unique and customer friendly. More importantly, we want you to join us! Show your support! Try our product and provide feedback to help us improve iFind so that everyone can enjoy it! WeTag Inc. is a Plano, Texas based developer and manufacturer of unique electronic locating systems that can be used in a variety of situations. The company bases it future on its ability to develop revolutionary products for the market sector, using its proprietary designs and technology (four patents pending). The company has a very precise development and implementation strategy in place to ensure that the time of product release will yield a large portion of the target market population purchasing the WeTag brand. After the initial release of the first product, the research and development team will initiate the design and testing of a second device. This ensures that WeTag Inc. will retain and grow its brand in the market. At WeTag Inc, the management team comes from a very diverse set of backgrounds, each contributing to the success of the company. With over forty years of product development and release experience, the company’s principals have the knowledge and skills to ensure that the established goals will be attained. Our core members: Dr. Paul McArthur - Co-Founder, General Manager and Technical Officer. Paul has over thirty years experience in the development and production of electronic integrated circuits and systems, predominately focused in implantable devices and wireless systems. His past experience includes Circuits and Systems Manager (Freescale Semiconductor), Global Design Manager for ASD (Phillips Semiconductor), Chief Scientist (Biowave Research), Director of Research and VP of Engineering (Sonic Star International), and Research Assistant Professor (University of Utah). Zhangyang "Atlas" Wang - Co-Founder. Atlas is a Ph.D. candidate in Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He has a research experience in signal processing and communication network, with (pending) patents held in both U.S. and China. He has been actively involved with technological entrepreneurship for years. Ms. Wanda Klimek - President. Wanda oversees the financial and pre-order sales aspects of the company. She is also responsible for managing the customer service and media campaigns. Previously she has founded several successful small businesses. Dr. Wotao Yin - Director, Department of Business Development. Wotao received his Ph.D. in Operations Research from Columbia University in 2006. He is a Professor of Mathematics at UCLA, Adjunct Professor of Computational and Applied Mathematics at Rice University, and a world-renowned scholar. He is also a long-term enthusiast of technological entrepreneurship, and leads the business and marketing strategy development.