The ILUMI Bottle. The worlds first Smartbottle! STRETCH GOALS If we can hit $16,000 by next Friday, July 26th, then we will add a 6th color to our cap lineup... of your choice! $40,000 - The first 100 backers $31 and above get bumped up to the ULTIMATE level for free! (ILUMI with end cap color of your choice, ILUMI I HELPED MAKE THIS HAPPEN t-shirt, ILUMI stickers, thank you email from the crew, AND listed as an ULTIMATE SUPPORTER on our website!) We have smart phones, smart watches, and smart tvs, so why not a smartbottle!? The ILUMI Bottle is the first and only of its kind in the world! With ILUMI and our free app you can connect via Bluetooth, enter your weight, get a water intake recommendation, set reminders and notifications, track your overall weight loss and hydration, see your bodies estimated hydration level based off of how much you have drank updated live from your ILUMI, and get important facts and news about water and hydration! (ILUMI will MSRP at $70 in stores so help spread the word and get it for half the cost!) EASY TO USE ILUMI is extremely easy to use. There is only one button... The ON/OFF button! It easily connects to your bluetooth capable device and integrates with our straightforward, easy to use, free app. No complicated manuals or diagrams to figure out! You set your goal on your device under the "Settings" tab, then click "Save and Update" to send it to your ILUMI... You are ready to start drinking! ILUMI's LED ring will slowly change colors as you drink from red to yellow to green indicating how close you are to your goal and our app will send you notifications to update you live as well! HOW IT WORKS ILUMI comes with a flow sensor built in to the lip of the bottle. When you take a drink, ILUMI automatically registers how much water you took in during your sip and then updates its LED ring to the right colors. At the same time it will sync with your phone over Bluetooth so that you can get a live update and know exactly how much water you have taken in. When you reach your goal you will get a notification on your phone stating you have hit your goal for the day and ILUMI's ring will be completely green. The ILUMI is powered by a rechargeable battery which currently is estimated to have a lifespan of 2-3 days (we are working to increase this). There is a plug on the bottom of the cap where you can hook the cord in to charge your ILUMI when it starts to get low. MADE IN THE USA ILUMI will be made in the USA and we are proud of it! Support US jobs and economic growth! We are located in Boise, ID. GUARANTEED FOR LIFE If anything on your ILUMI ever breaks, we will be happy to replace any part for free as part of our LIFETIME GUARANTEE. No questions asked. MULTIPLE COLOR OPTIONS Multiple cap colors currently available and more to be added soon! Current colors are: Red, Blue, Lime Green, Orange, and Pink. ILUMI ECONOMIC AND GREEN INITIATIVE ILUMI is made entirely with recycled BPA-free plastic. We are dedicated to preserving the planet and its wildlife, reducing our economic dependancy on foreign oil, and providing US jobs. Some interesting facts: -The US uses 1500 plastic bottles every SECOND! 80% of these end up in a landfill even with our current recycling programs. -17 MILLION barrels of oil are used to produce bottled water every year! -Pre-bottled water costs us 1,000 times more than drinking tap water! By using an ILUMI bottle you are helping to eliminate the buildup in our landfills that will be there for hundreds of years to come! We use recycled BPA-free plastic in all of our bottles, thereby helping to lower dependency on foreign oil and preserve our fossil fuels longer. You will also be helping to create new US jobs. ERGONOMIC SHAPE It's like your hand was made to carry it. ILUMI fits perfectly in everyone's hand. Our unique tapered lip and depressed threads ensure you never spill water when taking a drink. HEALTH AND FITNESS FOCUSED 2 out of 3 people do not drink enough water a day to support the needed functions of their body. Hydration is vital for your health, there is a reason 50-65% of your body is made of water. Water is used to transport nutrients, minerals, amino acids, and other extremely important items around your body. If you do not keep hydrated you are much more prone to becoming sick, catching a disease, and it has even been reported that women will experience mood swings due to dehydration. It is key to be able to keep track of how much water you are taking in daily. That is why we developed the ILUMI bottle, to help battle the dehydration epidemic that is facing humans. Besides water ILUMI can also be used for people that drink protein shakes or any other type of liquid. You set the goal so you have complete control over how you use it! FITS INTO CUP HOLDERS Sleek compact design fits easily into the majority of car cup holders. INNOVATIVE DESIGN The ILUMI's lip is the first of its kind with a taper and depressed threads, and the bottle body is sleek enough that anyone can carry it! It has a larger capacity with over 24 ounces, a unique look, plus it is the worlds ONLY smartbottle! You will never want to go back to your old bottle! You aren't like everyone else so shouldn't your bottle be just as unique? We need your help! We have spent a large amount of time and a good amount of money developing ILUMI. Now we need your help to fund our tooling costs and be our initial purchase order. Even if you cannot donate help us out by spreading the word! Click like or tweet above or click this link: <url>