We are currently in pre-production, and are raising $30,000 for equipment, crew, and to complete our interviews in New York and Boston, as well as several of our interviews in San Francisco! There is a massive amount of interest in the project, but with our original goal we were not on track to receive our funding. By cutting our goal into smaller stages, it will be easier for us to get into production. Slower, yes, but our main focus is on making sure this is a scientifically accurate, thoughtful documentary about obesity and if that means this project will take longer, then we're willing to wait to make sure it's done right. If we surpass our goal, here are some of the things you can help us accomplish: Raising $40,000 will get us to San Francisco to do more interviews - the Bay Area is where the bulk of our interview subjects are, so we would need to spend a good amount of time there. Raising $50,000 will allow us to complete our interviews in San Francisco Raising $60,000 will get us to Los Angeles Any more than that, and we will be able to go even further into production, visiting more US cities, the LCHF community in Sweden, or even adding more interviews to the film. Every backer counts. Seriously, every one of you has the power to make sure this movie gets made and whether you can pledge a dollar or a grand, you will be helping to move national dialoge about nutrition and health forward to a saner, more scientifically-based space. So please, back our film, and encourage your friends to do the same on Facebook, Twitter, and all over the internet. This movie is happening, and we'd love you to be a part of it. "In Defense of Fat" clarifies the complex relationship between human evolutionary history and the science - and politics - of nutrition and health. The film is firmly rooted in current scientific research on Ancestral Health, a theory which proposes that the human body is not adapted to an agricultural diet, and especially not to the many processed foods in our daily lives. As a result, 'healthy' low fat diets and "essential" carbohydrates may actually increase rates of diabetes and obesity, and dietary fat may not be to blame for our expanding waistlines. Through in-depth interviews, animation, and examination of our cultural attitudes, “In Defense of Fat” will explain the complex issues at play in our national discussion of diet and health. The sensational language and divisive attitude that characterizes discussions about obesity has made it difficult to make informed decisions about our health and pragmatically evaluate concerns about body and weight. Understanding the political, cultural, historical, and evolutionary context that has brought us to our current state is crucial if we want to improve health on a society-wide scale. This film will be an introduction to a new way of thinking about food, health, diet, weight, fitness and, of course, fat. The interviews are confirmed, the production team in place, and we're ready to jump into action. Your financial support will help us with two things: money for equipment, travel, crew and production expenses for our first round of interviews on one hand, and creative autonomy on the other. More contributions through Kickstarter means fewer investors and greater freedom to tell this important story. A contribution of any amount will entitle you to exclusive production updates, including road diaries and special featurettes. For a contribution over $10, you will receive first notice of special screenings, Q&A sessions and invitations to exclusive events. Even greater contributions earn greater access - VIP passes, a Kickstarter Backer-Exclusive DVD/Blu-Ray with extended interviews and behind the scenes footage, each numbered and signed. We are also offering a signed copies of books by Denise Minger, Jimmy Moore, and Mark Sisson and a limited edition print by the talented Sophie Goldstein (illustrator and co-writer of the hit webcomic "Darwin Carmichael is Going to Hell"). The highest levels of contribution will be rewarded with production credits, ranging from Special Thanks to Associate Producer, and we may even cook you dinner! The Ancestral Health theory proposes that returning to a diet similar to that of our pre-agricultural hunter-gatherer ancestors could curb many illnesses linked to the Western diet, including obesity. The advent of agriculture roughly 10,000 years ago shifted the human diet away from a protein and fat-rich diet towards the cheap, easy to cultivate carbohydrates on which the Western world relies as a constant and inexpensive source of calories. In the past 30 years, these foods have become even more highly processed, removing what little nutritional content they possessed, even as our diet has become more reliant on them. The government's dietary recommendations such as the USDA's "food pyramid" and the recent "Myplate" have continued to reinforce these unhealthy nutritional habits. Due to our lack of evolutionary adaptation to a diet incompatible with our biology, this shift has made us fat, sick, and continues to destroy our bodies. (this list will be updated as my subjects get back to me) An associate professor of Psychology at UCLA, he runs a comparative cognition laboratory. He is interested in comparative processes and the evolution of cognition and health. A Swedish medical doctor specialized in family medicine, his book "The Food Revolution" has galvanized the LCHF movement in Scandinavia. He blogs in English at DietDoctor.com Author and blogger (at EverydayPaleo.com), Ms. Fragoso adopted a Paleo lifestyle in 2008, and has written a several books on the subject, including Everyday Paleo and Paleo Pals: Jimmy and the Carrot Rocket Ship A nationally-recognized authority in the field of neuroendocrinology, he is currently investigating the contribution of biochemical, neural, hormonal, and genetic influences in the expression of the current obesity epidemic both in children and adults. An avid Writer and Blogger, she spends much of her time deconstructing research on her blog Raw Food SOS. A medical student at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, he co-founded the Ancestral Health Symposium, the Ancestral Health Society, and Ancestry, the nonprofit organization that operates the Symposium and Society. In his future medical practice, he hopes to build on the nutritional tradition established by his ancestors, including Dr. Francis M. Pottenger, Jr., MD. Health and fitness expert Mark Sisson is a leading voice in the Primal/paleo movement. His acclaimed blog Marksdailyapple.com is read by millions each month, and he is the author of the best-selling book The Primal Blueprint. A former research biochemist and author of the New York Times Best Selling The Paleo Solution - The Original Human Diet. Robb has transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people around the world via his podcast, book, and seminars. His site is RobbWolf.com My name is Kennon Hulett, and I work in New York City as an independent filmmaker and editor. Among all sorts of smaller projects, I've edited three feature length documentaries, directed a number of short films, and co-directed a narrative feature film. I love the documentary form because with proper planning and collaboration it can make films that both entertain and educate with full audience engagement. Having worked with documentary directors for the past decade as an editor, I've been immersed in the workflow and process of documentary filmmaking. I've assembled a world-class team to help create this film: Interviews will be directed by Joe Sandoval of Backyard Fireworks Productions. Animations will be created by Sweet Fern Productions, most recently known for collaborating with Radiolab to make the award winning "Whale Fall" short film. Music will be composed by Mary Kouyoumdjian, Resident composer to the Los Angeles New Music Ensemble. Many more artists and technicians are ready to start work as soon as our project reaches our first funding goal.