Young&FreeSC - "It's not bulky. It's not obnoxious. It's an iPhone users dream come true" Mashable - "It's a similar effect to cupping a hand around your ear to direct sound toward you" RedmondPie - "The iPlifier is probably the simplest audio related accessory we’ve seen for the iPhone" iPhoneLife - "I backed it myself, so I'm putting my money where my blog is!" iPhoneRumors - "This small gadget solves this problem by attaching itself to the Lighting port and then helping to direct the sound towards you" app4phone.fr - "The iPlifier is amplified sound for your iPhone 5 . You guessed it, it can redirect the sound from the speaker on your phone and amplified" (Google translate) ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Introducing the iPlifier. An accessory for your iPhone 5 that amplify your iPhone's sound. The iPlifier works in both quiet and loud environments and creates a better experience while you listen to your music, watch videos or play games. What Is The iPlifier? As one of the 50 million + owners of the iPhone 5 I am sure you have noticed that since the speaker is located at the bottom of the device and directed perpendicular to you, which makes it difficult to hear in loud environments. You probably find yourself cupping your hands over the speaker in order to hear clearly. Another problem is the speaker being blocked unintentionally while playing games. It Just Works! iPlifier solves this problem instantly. It connects to your Lightning port and directs the sound towards you, amplifying it and enhancing your listening experience of music, movies, games etc' Just like with when you use your hand, the amplifying affect is more pronounced in louder environments since "noise pollution" is greater. Many different prototype have been made before the the most effective design was finalized and patented (pending). iPlifier Works Great With Or Without A Case iPlifier fits perfectly with or w/o a case I have tried the iPlifier with several cases and it fit all of them perfectly. Unless you got the LunaTik TakTik, you will be able to use the iPlifier with your iPhone 5 in the case. I Don't Want To Lose It! iPlifier with a clasp (included in your pledge) Done listening? Need to charge? Don't worry, you ain't going to lose your little new friend. Simply attach it to your key-chain with a Swivel Clasp (included). Where The Money Will Go: To mass produce the iPlifier I need an injection mold. By backing us, you will help me finance the mold as well as adding optional colors to the iPlifier. Why Isn't The iPlifier Cheaper? The cost of manufacturing an accessory like the iPlifier for iPhone comes down to 3 things: how many you manufacture, how fast and where. For a project like this, I want to fulfill the rewards as fast as possible and the quantities I will manufacture are relatively small. The iPlifier will be made using high-end materials you've come to expect from iPhone accessories. So even if it could be a couple of dollars cheaper, I don't think the difference is worth compromising quality, delivery time, etc. and I hope you'll agree! Facebook Twitter