Until now, environmentally friendly electronics has been an oxymoron. We envision a future with less plastic filling up our landfills, and iZen keyboards are a catlyst for this change. iZen Bamboo is the first eco-friendly bluetooth keyboard on the market. Its low profile, portable design is great for anyone on-the-go, and the simple and natural look will add more Zen to your life. Hand-made out of 92% bamboo, this keyboard is renewable, recyclable, and won’t pile up in landfills. It works wirelessly with iPads, iPhones, Macs, Androids, tablet PCs, smart phones, and many other Bluetooth-enabled devices. And let's face it, it's gorgeous! We self funded the first round of production which just hit the internet and local stores. After only a couple weeks, we are already almost out of inventory and we need your help to fund our next round of production! More details and photos Scroll down to see additional photos. Here are the product specs: - Uses Bluetooth technology - Built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery - Charges with a USB 2.0 cable, the same one used to charge an iPhone or iPad. The USB charging cord is included in the box with the keyboard. ($19 value) - One-touch access to iPad/iOS features - Improved key feel - Weighs 1.1 lbs (including box) - Dimensions 11.5" W x 5" L x .75"H What people are saying "Picked up my iZen Bamboo Keyboard last week! Synced it up with my Motorola Xoom and it makes emails that much easier. Who needs a laptop anymore? Love it!" - Mike E, Eagle, CO "I use my iZen keyboard with my TV and it works great. It looks fabulous in my living room and is a great conversation piece." - Josh S, Los Angeles, CA" I love typing on my iZen keyboard. It has enabled me to be so much more productive on my iPad, having a full keyboard to type on and not having half my screen taken up by the touch-screen keyboard is so nice. I also use it at home with my media center computer hooked up to my TV. It's much more attractive having this beautiful keyboard sit on my coffee table than a traditional keyboard. It just looks so great and feels nice to the touch too. Great product!" - Sara M, Avon, CO "The iZen keyboard looks even better in person than it does in the photos. I bought 3 for my office, and everyone was ecstatic to get such a cool surprise gift." - Chad F, Chicago, IL What happens next? With your support and generosity, we hope to get funded and begin production right away to send your rewards by June. In the future, we plan to expand with other products including walnut bluetooth keyboards, extended bamboo desktop keyboards, bamboo mouses and more. Please visit our Facebook page and "Like" us to keep in touch. We will like you too (even if you don't give us the option)! You can also contact us anytime at <email>. Frequently Asked Questions IS THIS A LOAN? No! This is not a loan. Your contribution will be rewarded as described in the "rewards" section, but you will not receive any money or interest in exchange for your pledge. WHAT IF WE DON'T REACH OUR GOAL? If funding fails, all pledges are canceled and your credit card is not charged. Of course, we're not going consider that a possibility :) CAN WE EXCEED OUR GOAL? Yes, we can! If we exceed our goal then we will increase our production to meet the rewards demanded from this campaign. HOW KICKSTARTER WORKS Kickstarter is an innovative new online platform to help fund creative projects. It's an all-or-nothing funding method where we either reach our goal and get all the funds or don't reach our goal and get none of them. In other words, if we don’t raise our goal of $18,000, we lose everything. Once we reach our goal, your credit card will be charged and we'll be in touch to get your address so we can send you your reward. HOW TO PLEDGE Just click the green “Back This Project” button in the upper right-hand corner. You will be asked to input your pledge amount and select a reward. From there, you will go through the Amazon checkout process. You must finish the Amazon checkout process for your pledge to be recorded. CAN YOU DONATE ANONYMOUSLY? Yes. It just requires you create a new Kickstarter identity/login and use that when you pledge. Just be sure to use a secondary email address when registering so the system doesn't get confused. CAN I DONATE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES? Yes. You can donate from any country in the world! If you have any problems just contact us. WANT TO HELP BUT CAN'T DONATE? No problem! Helping us spread the word is a wonderful contribution. Please forward the link to this Kickstarter campaign to everyone you know! Thanks so much! We hope to send you your very own iZen keyboard soon! ~Robin & Ryan