Our Kickstarter Project has finished, but the story continues! We can't wait to see what everyone learns on the jamstik+ and creates with it! We are so excited to be able to donate over 175 original jamstiks to education, and know that plenty of awesome stories are going to come out of this project as well. To learn more and order a jamstik+, head over to jamstik.com The jamstik+ connects via Bluetooth LE to your iPad, iPhone, Mac so you can play guitar with any of the 100's of compatible MIDI apps available. Our jamTutor App will have you playing chords in minutes. After that, you'll be playing guitar for years. It's built to the specifications of a real guitar; so learning and creating are transferrable skills. Portable by design, you can practice lessons or record songs anywhere you go with the jamstik+. The jamstik+ senses where your fingers are before you even pluck a string. It makes learning incredibly intuitive. It's always in tune, plays for 8+ hours on a rechargeable battery, and is a breeze to pair wirelessly with your device via Bluetooth LE. Learn chords with interactive lessons and realtime feedback display. Final colored models will include matching jamstik+ faceplate. You’ve been watching and listening to people play guitar your whole life, and while you’ve been watching them, you’ve been seeing you. We want to make the dream of creating music a reality for everyone. Everyone. Not just the pros, or the YouTube sensations, but YOU too. Watch first-time jamstik players, just like you, having a blast: Arcade Challenges and Video Lessons in jamTutor Download and launch the included jamTutor app series on iOS or MAC to be walked through a 15 part series of interactive lessons. Here, we take a first-time guitar player through the various modes of our free instructional app series. PLAY One-Touch Chords and Live Looping in jamMix Or launch jamMix to just start playing. Everything sounds good in jamMix! Our free companion apps are just the beginning, as you'll find out next. The jamstik+ is more than a guitar. It's also a MIDI controller, which means it can sound like almost any instrument you can think of. You mean like drums, samples or synths? Yes, even a banjo. You can create and mix entire songs with the jamstik+. It works with our companion apps or your favorite music apps like GarageBand, Loopy, SampleTank, Ableton Live, and 100's more. Watch how you can build an entire song in GarageBand with the jamstik+: Your creativity isn't limited to a mobile device; watch how the jamstik+ acts as a powerful production tool in Logic Pro X on Mac. PLAY The jamstik+ app expands upon the experience with customizable pick settings, a live display digital capo, alternate tunings, a programmable D-Pad interface and more! Here are a few pre-release interface examples. The original jamstik was well received in 2014, but we knew there were improvements we wanted to get into more users hands. We started by adding a hexaphonic magnetic pickup to give the jamstik+ a more realistic guitar feel with a higher resolution signal. Thanks to advancements with Bluetooth technology, we equipped the jamstik+ with wireless Bluetooth LE connectivity that works seamlessly with the latest BLE MIDI Protocol supported by Apple. The jamstik+ has real guitar strings and real frets just like the original, to best match the experience of putting your fingers on a guitar. And yes, the jamstik+ handles string bend and vibrato with improved dynamics. jamstk+ features We're reconnecting with you, our tribe of supporters, early adopters and music lovers because although we've accomplished a lot with the original jamstik over the past year, we're far from finished. Our mission is a big one and we have more work to do! We need not only your financial support, but also to help us get the word out about the jamstik+. We’re coming to you because you are our tribe, our roots. You’re the reason big ideas and big dreams like the original jamstik come true. Forward thinkers like you want to be a part of things that really matter. You like to see how you can personally impact this world for the better. And, when you’re one of the very first to recognize the future of something like the jamstik+, that’s just icing on the cake. Your support will not only get you one of the very first jamstik+s you’ll also be helping to put a jamstik into the hands of hundreds of kids. Our pledge: For every 15 jamstiks backed, we will donate one to music education. We partner with various music education programs, music therapy programs, and charities to bring the magic of making music to the kids they serve. You've already imagined how magical and empowering the feeling of making music must be. Together we can help hundreds of kids have that same experience. Let’s do this! Some of the wonderful organizations to whom we're thrilled to give the gift of music. How to Back this Project: Ready to be a part of our Kickstarter story? Thank you for your support! We want to make the whole process as simple as possible for you, from making a pledge to getting your reward. 1. Choose a Reward Each backer can choose ONE (1) reward level. You can manage your pledge and change your reward level at any time before May 6th when the campaign ends. 2. Stay in Touch Once you have made your pledge, message us with any questions or comments you have! You'll get an email with weekly project updates and you'll be in the know about production status, inside news, and more. 3. Relax After the project ends (May 6) we will send you an official backer survey to collect your shipping information. We'll also ask for your color selections and left vs right handed preference. Until then, help us spread the word about our campaign when you can, and know that you've got an awesome piece of music technology coming your way. 4. When your jamstik+ arrives, we hope you... We're a small but dedicated team of music enthusiasts, engineers, artists, and tech-lovers banded together around the jamstik vision. We enjoy contributing to various parts of the project and seeing them come to life as we come together. The successful funding of the jamstik+ means we get to take production full scale, kickstart the musical programs in a number of schools with our donation program, and plan for a future where our products and supporting software continue to get better. It also means we can follow through on a lot of the dreams we've had since inception. We can work further with 3rd party app and hardware integrations, bring more lessons to the jamTutor curriculum, provide more in-depth demos of achieving certain sounds or work-flows, and more. As supporters, you'll drive much of our future development, and we hope you participate in the conversation. The future looks like so much fun! Press Kit