Want to see the achievements in all their glory? Check out the Joking Hazard Facebook page! Someone on the Internet once told us that making stick figure comics is easy as hell, and that we were ugly and stupid. They were right on all counts. So, after crying for a few hours, we created the Random Comic Generator (and free iPhone app!), which since its inception in 2014 has entertained millions with its computer-generated comedy. Go play with the RCG if you haven't already. It has around 20 million combinations. We'll wait! After a few weeks of playing with the Random Comic Generator, we started to wonder if its hundreds of random panels might lend themselves to a card game, where you compete against your friends to finish a comic with a funny punchline. So we printed out all of the RCG panels and started playing with them. Well, it worked. It worked really, really well (with a few tweaks). And now we think our game, Joking Hazard, is ready to bring to the world. With your help, of course. The game itself includes a deck of 370 unique panel cards (we did the math, and that’s over 50 million combinations of comics) most of which are so messed up we can’t show them on Kickstarter without censoring them. And we’re against censorship, so instead we’ll censor the word “deck” itself. For $25 you will get a single d*ck. Brand new and wrapped in plastic. For $35, we'll also add in a 50 card booster pack, called "Blast From The Past", for your d*ck. It includes all your favorite jokes, especially ones about World War 2. For $45, you'll get a collectible Kickstarter-exclusive Red Box version to cover your d*ck, in addition to the Blast From The Past expansion. Feel like pledging $60? Congrats, you are now the proud owner of two d*cks in the Kickstarter-exclusive Red Box and two copies of the Blast From The Past booster pack! Hoard them for yourself, or share a d*ck with a friend. That’s Christmas taken care of! Want to spend more than $60? Check out the list of reward tiers to the right. We’ll do all kinds of things with your d*ck. Not only that, but if the community helps us unlock the achievements below, everyone's d*ck will become bigger.