There is nothing wholly unknowable, nothing imagined that is unachievable... the horizon of this world is but the harbor of another. Let us become something worth telling tales of, on many worlds! You're not here to SAVE the Galaxy... You're here to PLAY in it! Katalyka is a board game for 1-4 players that focuses on what it feels like to live as a member of the Stellar Consciousness of a Galaxy. It all starts with one Star for each player, and the goal is to invest your Stellar resources in the smartest strategic ways to build planets, then cultures that help grow your consciousness across the Galaxy! This is not a "typical space opera shoot-em-up" type game. Katalyka's system uses 'by the turn' customisable visual reference cards for deployment of Stellar resources into a full range of different gameplay styles. To truly master the Galaxy, you have to become adept in all of the pathways! The main goal of Katalyka is to have fun! The gameplay is similar to a cross between Risk and Magic The Gathering. Play should only take a few minutes to learn how to play, but the complexity of the strategic possibility increases nearly exponentially as the gameplay deepens. There are 13 different types of interactions possible when interacting with an opponent, each of these pathways offers a different style of gameplay, and each one has been mastered by a different culture of the Galaxy. Each group has different weaknesses and strengths, and can be seen as a hero, or a villain... depending on your game strategy. Learn trade and master transportation in The Circle of Life, master data archiving and planetary engineering in The Order of the Singularity, and befriend multidimensional predators or hire anarchist hackers in The Forgotten... as you try to build a culture rich enough to become a member of The Elite, mysterious beings with capabilities and resources spanning every level of life. Here is an excerpt from the beginning of the manual, to get a better idea of what I am talking about: The Elements of The Game This game is ready to play, no planning or other parts are needed. There are various ways to expand upon Katalyka, but these are the essential parts that came with the box you just opened: The basic Gravity Deck (50 cards). The basic Celestial Deck (50 cards). The basic Organica Deck (100 cards). The basic Katalyka Deck (111 cards). 16 Hex Map sections. Player icon sheet. This sheet holds 216 reversable Player/Heat Death tokens, 198 reversable Pathway/Polarity tokens. 250 glass Entropy investment counters. For some free downloadables, and more ideas to expand your Katalyka gameplay, visit www. Welcome to Katalyka! This is a game unlike most others. I agree with those who said that a good strategy game takes minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. There are elements of this system that I have been working on developing for over two decades. I think that the loss of magic and mystery we experience with some of our scientific observations may be restored, and a more healthy balance of life can be found through respecting the Macro Organic life and finding new ways to interact with them... also learning to respect the old ways in a new light. This manual is divided into two sections, the quick start section (for those who want to just dive right in and start playing), and the Galactic Primer (for those of you who enjoy learning about the deeper backstory of the Universe of Katalyka). What is the game about? Building a multi-level super-culture and spreading it across the stars to increase your influence! The Celestials are beings of pure Macro Organic consciousness and have been strategically battling each other for millions of years... this is more than just a war of ideals, and many places in the Galaxy feel left out of the Celestial's plan. Some say corruption is the problem, some say its technology that rips humanity from us, a few say its too much or too little free will, and others say that there is no solution at all. But life continues and as long as it struggles to survive and discover itself, the debate will rage on! The World of Katalyka: The Galaxy is an ancient organic being that is attempting to build itself into the perfect lifeform on every level. This is The Order of the Singularity. There are some civilisations that have grown up within this being that are attempting to use their technology to control and consume everything else... not content to transition slowly through the Universe over thousands of years, they seek the shortest path to Ultimate Power. These are The Elite. All over the Galaxy, the Elite has been rebuilding the Order into their own system. The beings living in these parts of the Galaxy are kept unaware of the workings of the true ancient Order of the Singularity. They are taught to believe only in the laws of The Elite. They are taught to listen... not to think for themselves or ask questions, but to serve. This is The Circle of Life. Anything that stands in the way of The Elite and their system of control is rejected and abused. Those that attempt to become aware of their tactics are forced to battle against their own unaware allies, family, and friends. The resources of The Baby are brought down upon those who do not seek to worship the corrupt and greedy members of The Elite. These are The Forgotten. Each of these large forces in the Galaxy has splinter groups and subsets, and cultures that have risen up between them as they interact, giving a player many different styles to choose from, making each game a more 'fresh' experience! How do we win? There are a few different types of gameplay style that your group of players can enjoy. Each one offers a couple different types of Endgame, or achievements that win the game for the player that completes it: Single player – Time yourself and see how quickly you can build your culture and achieve Katalyka. Co – Op play – This is good for shorter games, where the players all work together to build a cooperative Galactic Culture. The last player to contribute to building a completed Katalyka is the “winner”. Part of the fun in this style of play is trading cards between players becomes a bigger part of the game. Competitive play – Good for evening-long or multi-night sessions, the first player to use their resources to achieve a finished Katalyka wins! King of The Well – The players compete to occupy the Center position on the Galactic Map, which grants a point for each round you keep your resources active on the Center. Galactic Empire – In this style of play, the Endgame is to take over all other player's map positions and eliminate them as competition by either driving them into Heat Death or using your resources to convert their Celestials into part of your culture. Free For All – In this version of the game, the first player to complete ANY of the available Endgames (Katalyka, King of The Well, Galactic Empire) wins. What I hope to do by offering this as a Kickstarter project? I believe that this game is going to be the most awesome thing I have yet created, and I want to get it out into the world to be enjoyed by people! Lowering the costs enables me to make the game higher quality. For example, in the photo of the prototypes, you can see the hex maps are made of top-laminated 100 lb paper, but in the final, ACTUAL product for sale here, the hex maps and the player map icons are going to be on top-laminated 14-layer illustration board, and the player map icons are going to be laser cut. Please consider pre-ordering a copy of this game, I could really use your support to help get it made, and I think people are going to enjoy playing it a lot! I've been working VERY intently on it, and I hope that by offering up some great incentives that I can get the first edition of the game published a lot cheaper than by doing it in short runs (this is one of the best aspects of a website like Kickstarter, to those of you who may be visiting this site for the first time.) Publishing in a larger quantity lowers the price, and I'm feeling confident that I can get at least 100 pre-orders of the game here, and crossing my fingers for many more than that! Thank you for reading all of this! If you have any questions or comments, I welcome community feedback. Molly Michelle Friedrich