When I saw some of the other key organizers on Kickstarter, I thought that they were a great idea. Having an instinctual need to design and fabricate on my own, I decided to build one. I looked at all the designs that are available and decided to make mine try to cover as much of the key as possible,while still having them easily accessible. Keys can be attached to both sides so there is more available space to put keys, thumb drives, bottle opener, or bar code cards. While speaking with my father about the different options to put into it, he mentioned a flashlight. I thought that was a great idea. It hadn't been done before in an organizer that uses your own keys and it makes the Key Stak extremely useful while still being able to add other features like bottle openers and USB thumb drives. You can also choose to have 2 flashlight sides so you always have light shining on your keys. The prototype was designed and fabricated in my garage workshop using basic tools and a few different materials to help figure out the best way to incorporate a very bright 3mm flush mount LED and an interchangeable battery. With your help I'll be able to have these professionally machined to a perfect fit and finish. The flashlight in the dark lights up a whole room I love carbon fiber, it's incredibly strong, light, and looks spectacular. These are two of the reasons I decided to offer a carbon fiber version. I know some people also would like different colors which is why I am offering an anodized aluminum version. The barrel nuts that connect the vertical plates can hold from 2 to 8 keys. Spacers can be added to the barrel nuts if you want to carry more keys. I will be using a few different CNC machines to fabricate the final version including a Waterjet machine and a 5 axis mill. I will be fabricating all of the parts of the Key Stak including the Side Twin Vertical Plates - Both sides, one with the flashlight and one without. Also the button for the flashlight, the key ring adapter and the pants clip. In order to make these parts cost effective, I have to purchase the material in large quantities and build JIGS in order to hold the small parts in the CNC machines so they can be machined. I look to you for your help to get these things accomplished. Not only will you be getting a very cool, stylish and useful tool but you will also be helping me get a little closer to being a larger scale fabricator for products that people really like to own and use. Thanks in advance for your support and I always welcome comments and feedback. <url>