If you miss our Kickstarter campaign you can Pre-order from our second Batch on: www.Tessrand.com PLEASE CHECK UPDATE 1 and 2 FOR THE LIMITED EDITION COLORS and TOOLS ADD-ON. Meet KeyonPod. The most beautiful key management system. Designed with a custom quick flip switch so you can easily pull out all your keys while retaining the beautiful design. Can use all standard keys and tools. How it came about? Every generation imagines what the future will hold and that it will be better than the one before it. But, the majority of these visions never materialize. We live by the philosophy: “The best way to predict the future is to create it.” Our view of the future is that it is going to be clean, sleek, and efficient. Rome was not built in a day, but rather brick by brick. The KeyonPod is the first step to the realization of our vision of the future. How does it work? Adjustable slot provides custom sizing for different keys and different utility tools. A mechanical quick flip switch following a track flips the keys or tools out on demand. Design: Sleek A slim profile allows for the KeyonPod to easily slide in and out of your pocket. Milled from a solid piece of aluminum provides great structural integrity and a slim profile. Modern Designed to stand out in a world full of bland key rings and key accessories. Bead Blasted and beveled edge shows design cue from Sci-fi and futuristic worlds. Universal The architecture of the KeyonPod allows for it to accommodate any existing key at your disposal -- allowing the addition of any key you find at a hardware store and utility tools at a moments notice. It even has the ability to support bottle openers and other tools for expanded usability. The Utility Knife will not be offered through Kickstarter. The image is only used to show the bottle opener. Construction: Material The KeyonPod will be offered in two materials to best suit your needs: 7075 Aluminum: standard lightweight and great for everyday usage. Titanium: for those that require something a bit more rugged and durable. The finish will be bead blasted and will be cerakoted. We went with cerakote over anodizing because it provides better durability and tactile feel than with anodizing. This type of coating provides the same texture as an apple Macbook but with color. (The same process is also used to coat military equipment and firearms, which provides excellent durability). Specifications Size: Length: 3 inch Width: .65 inch Thickness: .67 inch Current hold: 6 function ( Keys or Tool) Limited Edition The KeyonPod will be offered in a kickstarter green and black/red in limited runs. Goal Our Goal is to make the world a better place by building product stop work efficiently as possible, providing new utilities to old items and making our view of the future come true. Made in the USA late August: At the conclusion of the kickstarter campaign, the manufacturer will be notified of how many unit are to be made. Preparations will commence base on the overall quantity required (i.e. choosing appropriate scaled manufacturer). September: After two weeks the funds from kickstarter will be deposited and production can begin. First batch will be tested to assure quality and consistency. October: Manufacturing will continue to produce the KeyonPod. There will be specialized manufacturers for: Milling out the individual parts of the KeyonPod Bead blasting to ensure smoothness Cerakote to provide excellent protection and flawless finish Packaging will also be of the utmost importance, securely delivering the product to you to make certain that the product can be enjoyed the way it was intended. End of November: KeyonPods will be shipped out! Yay! As of current our manufacturing facility can output a all parts for the KeyonPod at a rate of 5 per hour (Milling and Bead Blasting) We are currently measuring the time output of Cerakote. If we take in more reward then the shop can output we will be looking for a second manufacturing partner, to help reach our goal.