FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, ANYWHERE, 100% JAPANESE KOBE BEEF JERKY INFUSED WITH GOURMET FLAVORS! KOBE RED JERKY is without a doubt the mosts delicious, most mouth watering beef jerky on the planet! BEFORE WE TELL YOU HOW GOOD OUR JERKY IS WE WANT TO LET YOU READ A FEW OF THE MANY RAVE REVIEWS WE'VE GOTTEN FROM THE FANS AT THE SXSW MUSIC AND FILM FESTIVAL. We went to SXSW in Austin Texas to kick off our "jerky taste test" and to rock out to some great music. We gave away samples of all 3 MOUTH WATERING flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. We exchanged phone numbers with everyone that got a sample and asked them to text us and let us know what they thought of it, the reviews speak for themselves. By the way, these are just a fraction of the great reviews and calls we got, by 5:10pm that day the phone we used for our "jerky taste test" ran out of power from all of the responses -it was awesome (check the battery icon on the screen shots). LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT OUR BEEF JERKY. Lets start at the beginning, my mother and father were both born in Nagoya Japan. Each of their families sent them away to the U.S. when they were younger to go to college with strict instructions to look after each other, and thats just what they did. The two stayed so close that they fell in love, got married and had three kids and settled down in Southern California. When it was my time to go to college I went the other route, I studied in Japan for two years. When school was out of session I would go and live with my uncles on Southern Honshu, where they raised the cattle known as Japanese Kobe Beef. The first time I had real Kobe beef was on my uncles ranch. The meat was crackling and dripping juices from a roasting spit over an open fire. It had been cut into thin strips and chunks. My uncle told me that the steaks from the cattle he raised went to 5 star restaurants in Tokyo but that those upscale restaurants he sold his beef to would never know the delights of "The Ranchers Keep" as he called it. "The Ranchers Keep" was those thin uneven strips and chunks of beef that the fancy restaurants of Tokyo had no interest in. He said that the 5 star restaurants wanted a steak that looked like a steak, cut the same way every time, so he would keep the rest of the succulent beef that did not fit the restaurant industries uniformed templet cut of a "Kobe beef steak" to himself, hence the name "The Ranchers Keep". It was my uncle who taught me how to make those juicy strips and chuncks of "The Ranchers Keep" into beef jerky and I've been making great jerky ever sense. When I came back home I wasn't able to get anymore real Kobe beef because the Japanese government refused to share their delicacy with the rest of the world and would not allow real Kobe beef to leave Japan, but six months ago all of that changed. The export ban on the beef Japan tried to keep a secret was lifted and now you have a chance to taste the finest beef on the planet. SMALL BATCHES OF BEEF ARE WET AGED FOR 7 DAYS IN ITS OWN JUICES AND GOURMET SPICES. Kobe Red Jerky is vacuum sealed in small batches with its special spices and wet aged for 7 days to allow the flavors to permeate every molecule of the beef and to break down the connective tissues of the meat. Our 100% Japanese Kobe Beef arrives by air in refrigerated containers. KOBE RED JERKY COMES IN 3 SAVORY FLAVORS. 1. BROWN SUGAR - LEMON GRASS The flavor is so exotic and delicious it will blow your tastebuds away! It's sweet and savory with rich beef flavor and deep tones from the dark brown sugar with a crazy twist on the end from the lemon grass. Brown Sugar - Lemon Grass flavor 2. SWEET SPICY - GINGER TERIYAKI This teriyaki has a kick you've never experienced before and you are going to love it! Teriyaki, ginger, lime sugar and ghost chili! The flavor goes super nova in your mouth! Sweet Spicy - Ginger Teriyaki flavor 3. SMOKED HONEY - SPICED CURRY After one bite of this flavor, your tongue will be thanking you for the rest of your life! Tupelo and Manuka honey infused with hickory smoke and fragranced with the rich taste of curry, oh my! OUR JERKY IS MADE FROM ALL NATURAL INGREDIENTS. FACTS: Japanese Kobe Beef is known worldwide for being the most succulent, juicy, deeply marbled and flavorful beef on the planet. If you've ever had it, you know it's simply the best in the world. It has been a treasure known only to the lucky people of Japan until just recently. Until just six months ago, if you wanted to taste this delicious beef you would have to get on a plane and go to The Land of The Rising Sun. Today, real Japanese Kobe Beef can be enjoyed in America. ISN'T JAPANESE KOBE BEEF EXPENSIVE? In a word, YES, it's very expensive but only if your buying Kobe beef from a restaurant. The mark up for this delicacy is sky high and thats why we get our beef directly from the ranchers. We've partnered with my uncles and 3 other cattle ranchers from the same region to bring this incredible beef directly to you at a considerable discount. BEER FED CATTLE? You heard right! Beer fed cattle! Ranchers in this region of Japan serve their cattle beer! It increases the animals appetite and relaxes them, this produces better beef. (real party animals) 100% ORGANIC! It is against the law in Japan to use steroids or growth hormones of any kind on Japanese raised Kobe beef. The cattle is also treated to 100% organic feed. MASSAGES? This really happens, I've seen it first hand. Cattle ranchers from this region treat their animals to an occasional massage. They say it increases circulation, marbling of the meat and a less stressful animal which increases the flavor of the beef. WHAT IS MARBLING? In culinary terms, marbling refers to the tiny flecks of fat that appears within the lean sections of the meat. Great chefs say "fat is flavor" and it's true. Plus, the heavy marbling of this beef makes it extremely tender. By the way, the deep marbling makes this jerky so juicy, you just have to taste for yourself. Kobe Beef Wiki Image - used to illustrate marbling. WE WANT TO MAKE WORLD CLASS GOURMET BEEF JERKY AND WE WANT TO PARTNER WITH YOU. We need a Commercial Refrigerator to wet age our beef, our regular "fridge" is covered in beer stickers, it's tiny and old and it just isn't cutting it. Before we send our beef To the USDA - HACCP approved facility that we've partnered with to finish the jerky process, we wet age our beef in spices for 7 days and that requires a larger refrigerator than the one we use now. In return for helping us raise the money for a new Commercial Refrigerator we want to reward you with the best beef jerky on the planet. Join us in our dream of making world class gourmet beef jerky and your taste buds will be forever in your debt. Smoked Honey - Spiced Curry flavor