QUICK FAQ/NOTES: FRAME SIZE: Short answer: The size of the classics is almost exactly the same size as Rayban Wayfarers. Long answer: Eye Width: 55mm; Bridge: 18mm; Temple Length: 140mm. UV PROTECTION: The carbon fiber material will incorporate both a UV-resistant epoxy within the composite and there will be a ceramic UV-resistant clear coat sprayed on last (which also helps with scratch resistance of the frames). WORLD'S FIRST MOLDED CARBON FIBER SUNGLASSES // The kolstom classic sunglass frame is manufactured using carbon fiber reinforced polymer that is also widely used in motorsports, performance outdoor sporting goods and in aerospace due its high strength-to-weight ratio. This allows for the frames to be both light and extremely strong. By molding the frames under heat and pressure, it ensures that the functional properties of the carbon fiber composite is maximized. The kolstom classic is the world's first compression molded carbon fiber sunglass design. UNIQUE LOCKING HINGE // The design also features a robust stainless steel hinge that locks both open and closed by using a spring-loaded ball detent system. AWESOME FRAMES. AWESOME LENSES. // The kolstom classic features a thermally fused 9-layer lens manufactured by the world's leader in optics manufacturing. The lens features 1 polarizing core, 4 UV filters, 2 shock absorbers and 2 scratch resistant layers providing distortion free clarity and glare-reduction. LOOKS GOOD ON ANYONE. // The classic design looks great on any face, male or female. KICKSTART NEEDED. SEEKING PLEDGES. // This is where kickstarter comes in. I need your assistance to take this project from prototype to production -- the funds will be used on: Development - Further development is needed to take the proof of concept prototype to a refined manufacturing ready design. Tooling - High-strength steel molds and a custom heating fixture will be built for production. Manufacturing - Raw material costs, lens cutting, etc. for pre-orders. The kolstom classic will be crafted in the USA and if everything goes as planned, it will ship in early-June. REWARDS. // By supporting the project you'll receive rewards based on your pledge level. SPREAD THE WORD. // Everyone needs sunglasses so please spread the word and tell everyone you know! Facebook - like us, share our page, links, etc. Twitter - follow, tweet, retweet THANK YOU! // Seriously, thanks for watching, reading, supporting and talking about the kolstom classic. U.S. PATENTS PENDING.