Overview: Genre: Asymmetrical Multiplayer Survival Horror Player count: 5 vs 1 Platforms: PC Rating: M 17+ Launch: Fall 2016 Perspective: First Person Game Synopsis: In Last Year you’ll experience the nightmare together as you and 5 friends struggle to survive against one player that's playing as the Killer. Explore familiar territory based on classic horror movie locations including Camp Silver Lake and East Side High. You’ll play the roles of 5 stereotypical high school characters while co-operating to complete objectives and survive. When playing as the Killer you’ll utilize game-changing Predator mechanics to help you hunt down and eliminate your victims before they have a chance to escape. Players will sneak and slash their way through a suspenseful atmosphere that keeps them on the edge of their seat as they compete to be the top Killer or best Survivors. What is the goal of the Killer? The Killer wins when all 5 Survivors have been eliminated. What is the goal of the Survivors? What do they do? As a survivor your goal is to escape from the scene in the truck. To be able to drive the truck you'll first need to complete a series of objectives, like searching for the keys and gas and fuelling it up. You can also win by killing the Killer but it is far more difficult and requires proper team work. For survivors, completing objectives doesn't have to be done in the same way every time or in a specific order. For example, the keys to the truck are located in the office cabin but the gas is in the maintenance shed on the other side of the camp. You'll need to decide if the whole group should move together and protect each other, or split up and accomplish the tasks quicker but put yourself at greater risk of attack. Choices...choices..choices.. If the Killer disables the camp generator then all the lights go out. Now, in that same situation, you need to find a flashlight first to help you find the keys and gas because everything is dark. Only the Nerd can repair the generator so if you want the lights back on you have to make a choice. Do you split up and let the Nerd go fix the generator while the others search for gas and risk the nerd getting Killed by going alone? Or do you stick together and protect each other? If the Nerd gets killed then the lights will be out forever since nobody is left to fix it, so the only possible way to find your way around would be to use flashlights now. Do you send the Jock to protect him? What about the medic? If the Killer decides to target the medic and she dies then nobody is left to heal the group. You need to think carefully about when to split up and when to stick together. Protecting each other and hiding is essential. Call for backup If the Survivors reach a phone they can call the police . This allows the first player that died to come back as a Police Officer responding to the scene. But, if the Killer cuts the phone line then The Nerd is still the only one who can fix it. If the Nerd dies and the Killer cuts the line you'll never be able to make the call. Five playable survivor classes: Each survivor plays a role like assault or medic, and each role has a unique set of abilities that help the group work together and stay alive. Amber - Scout Can spot the Killer and display his position on the map for other players to see. Can also spot supplies on the map easier than the rest including flashlights and weapons. Weak against attacks from the Killer. Chad - Assault Offers protection to the other players and can melee attack/stun the Killer, giving the other survivors a chance to escape. Strong to withstand attacks from the Killer. Nick - Technician Fixes phone lines, generators, picks locks, hot wires vehicles, and anything else that needs to be repaired. He has a pet rat named Rasmus that you can play as. As Rasmus you can travel through small passages to unlock doors from the other side and provide spy-cam style intel on where the Killer is. Very weak against attacks from the Killer. Sam - Medic Heals wounded players to full health. Troy - Support Also offers protection and can also place traps for the killer which deals damage and slows him down. Can melee attack/stun the Killer same way as Chad. How does Predator mode work? In movies the Killer always appears when the victims least expect it. Nowhere is safe. The same goes for Last Year. Survivors can never fully "out run" the Killer because the Killer can spawn his or her self almost anywhere they want. It works like this: Say you are a Survivor walking through the halls of the high school. If the Killer spots you from afar he can't just chase you down and attack you because Survivors run faster than the Killer can. Instead, the Killer needs to try and take you by surprise and attack you from up close. To get into the perfect attack position he's able to unspawn and go into Predator mode if he isn't within your line of sight. Once he's in predator mode he can move super fast, way faster than survivors can, but he can't attack. He can, however, watch you and study your movements. At this point the killer can spawn back in behind a door and wait for you. (Theres a limit to how close the Killer can spawn in near survivors). As soon as you walk past, or open the door then BOOM, a sudden axe to the face. Won't it be repetitive for the Killer to pick players off one by one? The Killer could take a completely different approach and try to kill the whole group at once. Instead of attacking once the survivors walked past (which would essentially give him a chance to successfully kill one Survivor and cause the remaining group to flee) he could hide behind the door and wait for the whole group to enter a room. Once the group is inside the room he could lock the door behind them essentially trapping everyone inside with nowhere to go. Equipped with a chainsaw you could imagine how things might go in this scenario, but if the Killer only had an axe then there would potentially still be hope for the survivors. There are so many choice and strategy aspects involved for both sides. As Survivors you'll need to decide when to split up and when to stick together, and as the Killer you'll need to plan your attacks and choose the right weapons that fit your tactics and strategy. Isn't the Killer overpowered then? How do the others survive? Killer's strengths: Able to spawn/unspawn and position his/her self to make the perfect surprise attack. Can always find and track down the Survivors. Killer's weaknesses: Can't run as fast as the Survivors. Requires attacking by surprise or luring victims into vulnerable situations. Survivors strength: Able to run faster than the Killer and hide inside the numerous environment locations (lockers, under canoes, closets). This makes Survivors completely invisible to the Killer, even if using Predator Mode. Survivors weakness: Extremely weak and easily killed when facing the Killer in close range melee combat. As a Killer you'll need to use strategy by attacking your victims at the right time. You can't just chase your victims down in an open field... they're faster than you. Instead, you need to hide in the shadows and surprise them where they least expect it. It's a action oriented hunt down experience. As a Survivor you need to keep running, hiding, laying traps, and completing objectives to stay alive. Years ago I played an amazing multiplayer game called the Ship. I remember hiding in the basement behind the door of a sauna and luring someone in there. As soon as they came in the door I turned around and locked them in and turned up the heat, essentially killing them. It was so satisfying. The sense of being able to lure and trick someone, or outsmart them, is the essence of what I want Last Year to be. Welcome to Silver Lake Summer Camp The first environment is Silver Lake Summer Camp, a camp located 50 miles from the nearest town. As the teenagers you’ll start alone and in complete darkness. You'll be on the run with no weapons or resources and you’ll need to find your friends and work together if you expect to survive. Welcome to East Side High School In East Side High you'll sneak your way through the halls at night. All the typical locations are there: gymnasium, cafeteria, auditorium, classrooms, workshops, offices and more. You can even use the schools PA system to broadcast taunting messages throughout the school. Choke Points Another aspect to the game is something called choke points. These are time challenges where the Survivors will barricade themselves behind a door to try and reach a new area of the map. To reach the new area you'll need to pick the locks but you'll have only 30 seconds to pick it and escape before the killer is able to break open the barricade and storm inside for a multi kill. The Killers Tools of the trade There are 5 different Killers you can play as and each Killer has a different type of weapon and play style. Each time you play as the Killer you will get to choose which one to use. Weapons are assigned by Killer type, but they can be changed if you find one laying around in game or taken from Survivors. Certain areas like the auto shop class are most likely to have usable weapons than places like the principles office or counsellor cabins. If you're looking for weapons you'll need to think about the most likely places to find them. The chainsaw lets you deal huge amount of damages to a large group of players at once, but it's slower to use. It's ideal in cases where you manage to trap a group of Survivors in a small room. Machetes on the other hand deal much less damage but are faster to use. Whether you plan to stalk your victims one by one, or lure them all into a death trap, you will determine the type of weapons that suit your play style and tactics. Tools of the trade What games have you worked on before? Credits on the following titles: So why launch now? So this all comes back to why I brought this game to Kickstarter in the first place. In a lot of companies these early stage projects never get a chance see the public eye. Many games we play have gone through this process at some point behind closed doors. However, it’s an incredibly fun and inspiring time to see a new project get born and take shape….It’s the essence of when the core ideas of the game are formed, starting from the very idea, then to an illustration, and eventually to a finished product. Being around a table with colleagues and friends while excitedly brainstorming new ideas saying “Oh it would be cool if when you did this, X thing would happen, and then this other thing over here happened!” is magical. The challenge is being able to filter those ideas into a concise package and prototype the hell out of it. It’s one of the reasons why I love working in the game industry. I wanted to try and bring some of that experience to Kickstarter and let others join in the evolution of the project. For some, they prefer to see a more finished product that’s gone through that process already. For others, it’s simply too risky. I understand the skepticism. I wanted to share the game early so you could have a chance to see and influence that evolution as well, not only buy a finished game. FAQ: Oculus support? Yes. Will there be voice chat support? Yes. An open voice chat + Survivors only channel. Will I be able to create private matches for me and my friends? Yes, private invite match mode plus a multiplayer lobby for public matches. How many players will be able to play at the same time? 6 players total per game (5 v 1). LAN + Online. Whats the goal for the Killer? To kill all the Survivors as fast as possible without dying. Whats the goal for the Survivors? To escape in the truck without dying, or, kill the Killer. Who gets to play as the Killer? Each player takes turns playing as the Killer. If a Survivor manages to kill the Killer then that player gets to be the Killer next round, otherwise its randomly selected. How many different types of Killers are there? There are 5 different types of Killers you can play as, and each one has a unique weapon and play style. What type of weapons does the killer get to use? Currently planned are Chainsaw, Axe, Machete, Spiked Bat, Harpoon, and possibly others. The Killer and the Survivors also lay different types of traps such as nets, tripwires and gas bombs. Are there any single player elements? Currently designed as multiplayer experience but the door is open for potential singleplayer mode. How many game modes are there? There is currently 1 game mode. The Survivors have to complete objectives and escape the scene while being hunted by the Killer. How many levels/locations will there be? Two locations are planned for launch with additional levels planned as updates: The first two levels are Camp Silver Lake and East Side High School. What type of weapons or supplies do the Survivors get? The Survivors spawn with no weapons and they have to find supplies on the map. There are bats, crowbars, slingshots, and even a revolver to be found. Only the Assault and Support class can use melee weapons to attack the Killer. When spawning as a police officer you'll be equipped with a revolver. See the gameplay section for more information on spawning as a police officer.