The video game, cards, and figures can each be enjoyed independently of the others, but when played together your experience will be extra-awesome! Every element of the Lightseekers universe interacts with our game. That means physical trading cards, digital action figures, comics, posters, packaging, videos and more will unlock additional rewards and new content. Everything works together to make your gaming experience even more compelling. The more support we receive, the more we will create that will enhance the Lightseekers game and reward you, the player. A Large, Open World to Explore: Lightseekers takes place on the fantastical planet, Tantos. Unlike many other games, Tantos is not built from a series of small levels. We've taken great care to make Tantos a living, breathing, ever-changing world with thousands of hours of repeatable gameplay, that caters to the needs of even the most adventurous explorers. As a Lightseeker, it's up to you to unravel the mysteries of the planet's past and stop the evil umbron. That is just a small part of the larger picture. Everyone you meet and all the different areas you explore have stories to be told. We have gone to great lengths to give the planet a coherent backstory from the perspective of all its many races and more will be revealed as the game evolves. And there' s much more about the game lower down on this page... Manufactured by TOMY, world renowned for quality, our digital action figures deliver real time 2-way interaction between your hero and the game. They talk, vibrate, and use different colored lights to show levels, status, warn of impending danger and help guide gameplay - think of them as your ultimate wingman! Your hero’s evolving in-game attributes, accomplishments, and lineage are stored in perpetuity so that your hero is truly one of a kind. At launch, we'll have two playable races available, tyrax and mari. Each hero unlocks additional game content. With your support, we'll be able to expand the number of playable races available later in 2017. Having multiple figures is not essential; but it enables head-to-head minigames and multi-hero interactions. We've designed our platform so you can play up to 8 playable heroes on a single device at the same time. Model and deco sheets from our first prototypes These figures are so smart, that we're still figuring out all they can do! For starters, they can talk to each other in the game as well as when they're disconnected from the game, scan for other figures to automatically access more game content, and offer a wide variety of offline gameplay. But that's just the beginning as more features will be added over time via periodic updates. The FusionCore is a forward compatible, user-removable IoT module that bundles most of the expensive electronics into one self-contained unit. That means additional heroes will be a lot cheaper and future accessories that we haven't even designed yet will be powered by the same FusionCore (making them even more affordable). The FusionCore can also be updated wirelessly over-the-air, allowing us to provide you with regular upgrades and awesome new features and functionality over time. In addition, the game automatically remembers the last hero you played, so you can play on-the-go without your action figure. Any progress you make is then updated when your FusionCore is reconnected. Each weapon or accessory unlocks new abilities and adventures. Simply arm your hero and your weapon will instantly appear in the game! Weapons and accessories are compatible with all figures Add magical lightstones and defeat enemies in-game to level-up your weapon and wield even greater power. In-game stats and abilities are stored within, making your weapon uniquely yours. A physical sword, for example, maintains XP and magic type, and even lights up according to your stats and enchantments. Two individual weapon packs will be available at launch (in addition to the ones included in the starter packs that are outlined below): the Electro Eel Storm Order weapon and the Cogwheel Cleaver Tech Order weapon. With your help, a full arsenal of weapons will follow. Wish you could fly? Snap on a flight pack to magically control your in-game character by moving your action figure. Fly to new areas of Tantos where you can access rewards via shortcuts and guide your hero through action-packed minigames. Two flight packs will be available at launch: the Skyrider Storm Order flight pack and the Flynamo Tech Order flight pack. We aim to make a wide range of flight packs, each with different in-game abilities. The Lightseekers trading card game is a standalone physical game that includes 385+ lovingly crafted printed cards, each scannable by the Lightseekers game to unlock in-game effects such as new spells, boosts or even pets that will fight alongside you! Each card is embedded with a one time in-game bonus. Each player in the trading card game takes control of a hero who uses an arsenal of cards, featuring spells, creatures, items, and locations, to defeat their opponents. The heroes of the game use a specific branch or subset of the magical energy, which is referred to as an ‘Order’. There are six known Orders that equate to six different playstyles: Each Order contains three ‘Elements’ that generally break down the gameplay to a specific style; aggressive, defensive, or utility-based. In addition to using cards every turn to influence how your hero reacts or fights, saving cards to play devastating combo cards can be an instant game changer and turn the tide. The game is quick and easy to learn, but also provides great depth for advanced players who wish to experiment with deck building and tactical play using unique mechanics. A few of the colorful TCG characters The card game is intended for 2 players, but supports as many players as you have friends! :) Games typically last 10-15 minutes, but can vary based on deck complexity, skill level, and number of players. Lightseekers features a tactical real-time combat system that is as interactive as you want it to be, whether that is hardcore dungeon runs or casually leveling while watching your favorite show on the sofa! To support this, the combat system is flexible and caters for a wide variety of personalization. This includes abilities, talents, and control methods, just to name a few! Abilities are powerful combat moves that characters use to defeat their foes. Basic abilities are unlocked by leveling up your hero and allocating talent points, while even more powerful abilities come from combos and equipped items. Strategic choices need to be made about which abilities you have active at any one time! Mastering combos is like a minigame within the combat system itself. They are powerful abilities that need charging up before they can be unleashed. All abilities belong to an Element, and a combo will call out for different ones. If you use abilities that match the current Element of the combo, your combo multiplier will increase and you'll charge it faster! This means that ‘which ability’ you use and ‘when’ has even greater importance. Each hero has three unique talent trees, which are divided into multiple tiers. Tiers come with their own choices and also unlock new abilities as you progress through them. A hero has nine slots for equipable items. Items can have various stats and effects and come in a number of different rarities. This makes for millions of unique combinations! Some of these items can also be powered up with lightstones... They come in different types and rarities. Each one has a set of stats from a pool of more than 50, along with other magical effects, that can be unlocked and upgraded in different combinations. For maximum replayability and player tuning, the game supports a dynamic and flexible difficulty system. By default, the difficulty of the game automatically scales to the area, your level, and equipment, but you’re in full control to tweak this up or down as you please. Raising the difficulty will increase the rewards earned and also improves the variety of items and opponents you will encounter. Adjust according to how much you like pain Dungeons are designed to be relatively short, challenging combat encounters. There will be dozens of them and each one features multiple unique bosses with their own mechanics and rewards. Based on what equipment you bring, you’ll be able to access different parts of a dungeon, for additional bosses or rewards. Robot punch! Lightseekers isn’t all about combat - there are plenty of other adventures and challenges to take part in! Here are a few just to get you started. We want this to be an important aspect of the game, so you’ll find some of the world’s most powerful items will actually be crafted by your own hands! In addition to quests and puzzles, there is an ever-expanding list of side activities and minigames for you to take part in. Some of these take full advantage of the physical action figures, while others are purely digital experiences! We are currently working on the following: Tantos is a massive world that contains many mysteries to discover and hidden achievements to unlock. In your adventures, keep a keen eye out for secret items, areas, and other unique things to collect. The game hasn’t stopped just because you’ve turned it off; your heroes will be able to continue working even while you’re gone. You’ll be able to set them to perform a variety of different tasks, such as gathering resources, running dungeons, or even helping out your friends. We’re taking this to the next level - if your hero crosses the path of another that is also on an idle mission, they will trade stories and items, and you’ll find out exactly what’s happened and who you’ve met next time you start up the game. Every Mastery level you get allows you to fine-tune your hero further, for infinite improvement. These Mastery levels are shared across all your max level heroes. It’s not just your hero that improves, so do all of your pets. Each one can be leveled up individually, and improved with lightstones. They even share your Mastery levels! Your friends in Lightseekers are more than just names in a list. The game will also feature player-run guilds. You can take on shared challenges, work to better the guild, and eventually we aim to let you kit out your very own guild base! Lightseekers is more than just a game; it's a commitment. We'll update the game several times per month with new and exciting content, with the community being the driving force behind how the world evolves. We're already a long way into development, with our sights set on a full launch in March 2017. Our plan is to introduce our first two characters as starter packs which include: You'll be able to choose your Hero - mari (includes the Aquadart Crab weapon) or tyrax (comes with the Nitro Hammer weapon). Four additional accessories (two weapons and two flight packs) will be available as stand-alone items. In addition, we'll have six trading cards starter packs and booster packs to help expand your collection. In the future, we hope to provide a much broader range of collectible items. So why Kickstarter? Are you guys not fully funded? The game looks good, we’ve seen the figures and the cards…why do you guys need the money? All good questions and we thought we’d tackle them head on because we’re like that. Ok, let’s unpack this in two stages. Why are we doing it? And then Why should you back us? Other than you just think we have a good idea and you like us! Why are we doing Kickstarter? We’re an employee owned company and we’ve gone all-in on Lightseekers. The team has invested significant sums of our own money into getting things this far, and some of us don’t even draw salaries. This isn’t a pre-alpha game, it’s the real deal and all of our technology actually works! All of that stuff is already covered, so what we need to know now is, who’s excited about it? Where do they live? What do they want that we’re not doing yet? This is even more important on a new, unknown world like Lightseekers and critical when you’re dealing with a new type of product that does things differently and doesn’t have a ready comparison. What we’re hoping to raise is actually a fraction of the cost to achieve our full vision. Any additional support we receive beyond $200k will help out and naturally will be fully re-invested into the studio, allowing us to make more playable characters, more figures and accessories, more connected content, and more awesome gameplay! Finally, it’s really important that we are able to gauge demand for potential retail partners by pre-selling some of our products as well as starting to build our community on Kickstarter in advance of the game launch. Why should you back us? A safe bet. This isn’t a project in it’s infancy. We’re very far along and about to begin production. As a result, if you pay for a reward package (and we’re fully funded) you will get that package because we’ve already solved the big technical challenges and we’re ready to go. You’re getting a really, really good deal. Each package is different but all of them are a great value for the money and less expensive than post-launch pricing. Unique game content. If you back us, you get exclusive stuff and the more people back us, the more exclusive stuff you get. You can guarantee yourself cards and digital action figures at launch. Our plan is to soft launch in the USA first in a limited number of retailers. Therefore, one of the only ways to secure digital action figures or cards at launch is through this Kickstarter campaign. Hang on…If I don’t want the figures or the cards and the game is free, why should I back you? We think you will want the figures or cards eventually because they are awesome, but let’s explain our thinking here. Our packages include valuable Kickstarter exclusive in-game rewards. So back us if you want limited edition and exclusive stuff! We’re getting requests to bring the game to PC, Mac and consoles next. This is great, we want to do that too. We live to give our community what they want, but extra platforms will demand extra work, requiring more people and ultimately more cost. So backing us enables us to expand Lightseekers to more platforms. Finally, longer term we plan to make our technology platform available to other game developers and toy makers alike. So, if you would like to see next generation connected play come to your favorite toy or game, then please back this campaign. We've pioneered a groundbreaking platform and we feel we're off to a great start, but we need your help to fund our campaign, make our vision a reality, and create the future of connected play, together. We built this game for you - our fans - so tell us what's fun, and we'll make more of it! To get an optional add-on, click “Manage my Pledge” in the top right corner of the Kickstarter page and input the total value of everything you want. For example, if you’re at Physical Pioneer Pack ($60) and want to add on a Card Starter Pack ($15), enter $75 as your total pledge. When the campaign has finished, we will send you a survey. You will be able to select the characters and packs that you want and let us know what you would like for your pledge. PlayFusion is an employee-owned, indie game developer and publisher. We like to think of ourselves as an eclectic group of visionaries, ninjas, scientists, wizards, code poets and gurus from the fields of games, TV & film, toy design, robotics, mechanical and electrical engineering, computer vision and artificial intelligence. Our team has also been fortunate enough to work on several of the best-selling franchises in video game history - around 150 titles over the last 20 years. Our experience stretches from the Dizzy games of the early 90s through to the modern era including Tomb Raider, Street Fighter, RuneScape, Disney Universe and many, many others along the way. We know how to craft great gameplay, immersive quest chains and how to build games that endure, but nothing so far has come close to Lightseekers in terms of ambition, scale, and pioneering innovation. We're really excited to finally share our vision with you and invite you to join us in creating the future of connected play. Support Lightseekers on YouTube, Facebook, and Twitter to unlock extra rewards!