Check out the complete set of designs on our website. Update 1: A 6th t-shirt and custom Litographs for independent authors Update 3: New t-shirt mockups, and introducing Mother Tongue Books Dear Kickstarter, I started working on Litographs one year ago, with the goal of taking the explosion of digitized text and bringing it back into the physical world. E-books are great for spreading knowledge, but there's something special about having that tangible connection with a book. I love knowing that people all over the world have a Litograph poster displayed in their home. To me, each poster I design, print, roll, and ship signals that love for literature is stronger than ever. And I'm proud to have worked with the International Book Bank to send thousands of books to communities in need overseas. It's been an amazing experience getting to meet so many fellow book lovers, and to hear about the conversations these posters have sparked. Now I'm asking for your help in getting our next product off the ground. With Litographs t-shirts, we're creating a way to literally wear your favorite book on your sleeve. We've worked with an incredible screen printing shop (they do the majority of Threadless' tees) to bring you a truly unique t-shirt, using designs and processes I was told time and time again couldn't work. Well - we've pulled it off, and I need your help to fund the first production run. It will take $15,000, but I know we can make it happen. In return, I'm offering some awesome rewards, and just in time for the holiday season. Check out the details below, and keep reading! - Danny Here's how it works: 1. Become a backer, and choose which reward you'd like. 2. When the Kickstarter ends, I'll mail you a handmade, letterpress gift certificate with a code that you can redeem on Litographs.com. The gift certificate is guaranteed to arrive by 12/24. 3. You or whoever is receiving the gift can go to our website, enter the code, choose any design from the given reward tier, and receive the reward in January. Like our posters, each of our t-shirt designs is created entirely from the text of a classic book. Litographs come in both unisex crew t-shirts (100% cotton), and women's deep v-necks (60% cotton / 40% polyester). We're starting with the following 5 books: We've worked with Sharprint to push the limits of screen printed t-shirts. These are printed "all-over," which means that the design -- the text from each book -- covers every inch. The text is completely legible. Click to zoom. The Alice in Wonderland t-shirt includes most or all of the book, depending on the shirt size. Since the screens themselves are larger than the t-shirts, there will always be some portions of the book that don't make it onto the shirts. In addition to t-shirts, we're also Kickstarting a new line of screen printed posters. We worked with Steve Walters at Screwball Press to get these just right. Compared to our flatbed prints, these screen prints look and feel more hand-crafted. They are distinct in several ways: + With screen prints, the ink sits on top of the paper, so if you move your hand across the print you can actually feel the text. With flatbed prints, the ink tends to be more absorbed by the paper. With both, the ink is UV-resistant so will not fade. + Our screen prints are printed on cardstock from the French Paper Company. Our flatbed prints use vinyl-infused, tear-and-moisture-resistant paper. Both are extremely sharp and durable. + We offer a reward for custom-framed screen prints. This means the prints are matted, and that the frames are built custom for these particular prints. Flatbed prints are not available framed, but are offered in standard frame sizes (these frames look really nice with Litographs). We've designed over 50 Litographs for flatbed prints (you can view the full collection on our website), each of which is available in two sizes (18x24 or 24x36 inches) and in color or black and white. The following 5 books are available screen printed, in color only, and at 18x24 inches: Alice's Adventures in Wonderland On the Origin of Species Moby Dick The Great Gatsby Most Litographs fit the book's entire text on a 24x36 inch poster. But some massive titles - like Moby Dick or On the Origin of Species - are just too huge to fit at a reasonable font size. For these titles, I'm excited to announce a Kickstarter exclusive: XL Litographs. XL Litographs are offered in 3 sizes: 30x45 inches, 32 x 48 inches, and 36x54 inches. The complete list of XL titles includes: On the Origin of Species, Emma, Leaves of Grass, Moby Dick, The Notebooks of Leonardo Da Vinci, This Side of Paradise, Les Miserables, Pride and Prejudice, The Aeneid, The Odyssey, The Iliad, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, The Three Musketeers, The Mysterious Island, The Kama Sutra, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, Don Quixote, The Republic, Newton's Opticks, A Tale of Two Cities, and Walden. If you're thinking of selecting one of these titles, have a lot of wall space, and would like to have a poster with the complete text of the book, this is the reward tier for you. Litographs make great presents, and with the holidays approaching I hope you might consider gifting your reward to friends or family. The rewards themselves will ship in January, but in the meantime we're offering Gift Certificates -- exclusively on Kickstarter. For each reward level, we'll include a corresponding Gift Certificate that will allow the recipient to choose whichever design he or she would like. The Gift Certificates were letterpressed at Repeat Press in Somerville, MA, and turned out awesome. They're substantial - almost 6x9 inches - printed on heavy card-stock, and embossed. If you're planning on giving your reward as a holiday gift, I'll ship you a corresponding Gift Certificate, guaranteed to be delivered by 12/24. The recipient can enter their code on our website and select their pre-paid product in any design they choose. We're happy to either ship the Gift Certificates to you or directly to your friend or family. We'll start shipping the products themselves in January. Gift certificate for $40 reward tier. Each tier has a unique gift certificate that indicates which reward you've chosen. A special thanks to: Benjy Brooke - Motion graphics and video editing Soren Nielsen - Videography Ramsay de Give - Photography Alex Howell, Greer Howell, and Liz Conner - Models Music by Delicate Steve. The track "Positive Force" is off the Luaka Bop album of the same name. Steve Walters at Screwball Press Everyone at Sharprint Mike Dacey at Repeat Press Kris and Greg at Cambridge Offset Printing