You asked for it and we listened. You can now contribute via paypal. Click HERE (NOTE: For a couple of amusing -- and revealing -- new outtake videos, scroll down to the bottom of the page. And check out our Updates for all the videos we've made so far!) Link to PayPal & Kickstarter totals: <url>’s simple. We love Larry…Larry Laffer. We were there when he was born, in 1987. We were there for his last adventure, LOVE FOR SAIL, almost exactly 10 years later. And we’ve long wished for a version that would combine the characters and game play we already love with: The freedom to play on mobile devices A modern point-and-click/touchscreen interface Updated, ultra-high res graphics Fully voiced characters Even more of the humor that’s made Al Lowe a household name…like “Borders” and “Enron”! So we’re making it. From scratch. And we want YOUR help. Do you remember Lefty's Bar from the original? Did you know it's famous? We've already accomplished THREE of the hardest tasks (and one easier one): Prying the Leisure Suit Larry license out of the hands of Big Software. DONE! Convincing Al Lowe himself to come out of retirement for this top-to-bottom re-imagining of his 25-year-old creation. DONE! Reaching our initial funding goal ($500,000) so that we can lock in the project. DONE! Setting ourselves a new goal of $750,000! so that we can add vastly more content and loads of incredible new features. Al, Josh, the Replay gang and Adventure Mob have a laundry list of bonus features, all aimed at adding length, breadth, and 500,000 new laughs to the original game. Some of the features we'd desperately love to add are: animated intro and cinematic cutscenes, maps, dialogues, more speech, foreign languages, Easter Eggs, minigames (in the LSL tradition: fun to play, easy to skip), new puzzles, new girls, new locations...and that's just the top of the list. What’s in it for you? That depends on what you pledge in Larry’s Kickstarter campaign! Take a look at the list of rewards we’re giving to Larry’s supporters. They include everything from a copy of the game to actually being PART OF the game – as a character! -- to actually going to Las Vegas with your very own private limo and villa on top of the world's coolest hotels with Al Lowe and writer Josh Mandel! Those rewards are cumulative. Pledge at the $100 level, for instance, and you’ll not only get the $100 reward, you’ll also get the rewards given for $50, $25, and $15 pledges. So your sack of goodies can fill up VERY quickly. Now, these rewards have never been available before, and will never be available again. They’re strictly for this game, for this campaign, and every single one has been approved by Al Lowe. They are collector’s items to commemorate YOUR partnership in gaming’s biggest comeback EVER. So please help us make LEISURE SUIT LARRY IN THE LAND OF THE LOUNGE LIZARDS: the 25th ANNIVERSARY EDITION a perverted, hilarious reality. Kick in now, and stake your claim in gaming history. The team that created Leisure Suit Larry 1 has been reassembled to create a 2012 "Reloaded" version. Al Lowe, Josh Mandel, Sabine Duvall, and Leslie Balfour have teamed up with Replay Games to form what we call "The Dream Team" of adventure games. We'll be making Leisure Suit Larry 1-7 and keeping you guys informed every step of the way. If this game is successful then we can bring you guys the rest of the Leisure Suit Larry games (and maybe even Leisure Suit Larry 4: The Case Of The Missing Floppies)! We couldn't do it without you, the most loyal fans in video game history!! We get all of your fan mail everyday and reply to as much of it as we possibly can. This is what drove us to create this Kickstarter campaign. Had we taken this idea to a publisher, they would've turned us down cold since they think adventure games are dead. So, please help us make this a reality and bring Leisure Suit Larry back to his dad, Al Lowe, like he was intended. We promise to keep you laughing and wetting your pants all the way 'till the end of the game!!! What happens if we exceed our goal? Depending on how far past our goal we get, here's the list of things we'd like to do with the extra development effort: Fully localize all the voice overs in to as many languages as possible. We will start with FIGS (French, Italian, German, Spanish) and then branch out from there. We will shoot Leisure Suit Larry on to additional platforms: XBLA, PSN, and of course: Linux! The game will come to life with a live orchestra performing all your favorite Leisure Suit Larry tunes. We got game! When our funding goal is exceeded we plan on adding more rooms, more girls, and more lousy pick up lines. We're basically making it bigger, badder, and uncut (that came out wrong but you know what we mean)! Sincerely, Al, Josh, and the guys behind the scenes that are making this a dream come true for all of us!!! p.s. we have 2 extra reward tiers but they are a bit too......"outlandish" to put in this official Kickstarter page so go here and we'll let you know what they are.