Mansion Lord combines a murder mystery business sim with tile-based world building and turn-based RPG combat. Build your mansion tile-by-tile, invite unscrupulous aristocrats to dinner, and, with the aid of your hired detectives, capture them for bounties after they slay the other guests. You can level up your detectives, equip them with hundreds of different weapons and accessories, and teach them a variety of skills. All in the name of profit! Trailer music: "The Adventure Lights" by Skip Cloud - soundcloud.com/skipcloud/the-adventure-lights Click here to visit our Steam Greenlight page! Available platforms: Windows MacOS Linux Android iPad Distribution options: Steam DRM-free copy from Desura DRM-free copy from GOG.com Pending stretch goal platforms: PS Vita Wii U A note on the "Detective Duo" reward tier: Feel free to choose any 2 of the available (some pending based on stretch goals) platforms for your two copies: For example: Windows and MacOS or Windows and iPad BUILDING SYSTEM: Create your mansion one piece at a time using a grid-based tile system. Place each individual object to gain vital room bonuses to attract more guests - and for your personal sense of interior decoration, of course! TACTICAL TURN-BASED COMBAT: Claim bounty money by defeating the killers using a grid-based combat system. Use a variety of a special skills, joint combo attacks and maneuvering (side attacks and back attacks do matter!) to take them down. SUSPECT DATABASE SYSTEM: Each killer has a unique set of likes and dislikes - tailor your rooms to suit their preferences to lure them to your mansion! Try to draw in the most elusive suspects to complete your "collection." RPG CHARACTER UPGRADING: Improve your stable of hired detectives by earning XP, updating their equipment, teaching them new skills, increasing their happiness with gifts, and even building them their own bedroom! ENDLESS ROGUELIKE ENCOUNTERS: If you want to take a break from management for some old-fashioned dungeon diving, try sending your detectives into the depths of the abandoned basement levels to clear out the ghouls below. The deeper you go, the bigger the dangers (and the rewards, of course)! SOCIAL BOND SYSTEM: Detectives with strong relationships have special abilities in combat. Strengthen their social bonds by sending them out on "dates" every now and then. Who knows what might happen when their relationship maxes out? 100% CHIPTUNE SOUNDTRACK: If it doesn't chirp, bleep, or bloop, you won't hear it in our music. By contributing an amount in excess of your selected Reward tier, you may choose from the following Reward Add-Ons: [+ $10] Connoisseur Add-On A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! [+ $10] Extra Copy Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game without any of the additional content for any of the available platforms [+ $20] Extra Copy w/ Content Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game with the additional content for any of the available platforms [+ $40] Extra Copy w/ Content and ALPHA Access Add-On 1 extra digital copy of the full game with the additional content for any of the available platforms Grants access to Alpha Testing for Mansion Lord - get the first look at the game and help test and steer the direction of game mechanics throughout development! Gain special access to our closed Alpha forum Your name attached to an equipment item in the game - Just give us your name, a description or quote, and the item type (weapon/clothing/accessory) [+ $45] T-Shirt Add-On Exclusive Mansion Lord T-shirt + worldwide shipping to your door! Your name will be appear in the game's credits in the Special Thanks section Our heartfelt thanks from here at Golgom Games. None of this would be possible without all of you! All above rewards 1 digital copy of the full game NOTE: You may choose from any of the available platforms for your copy. Currently these would be: Windows MacOS Linux Android iPad If the corresponding stretch goals are met, the following platforms will become available: PS Vita Wii U All above rewards EARLY ACCESS to the game ahead of release Access to exclusive, Kickstarter backers-only content: 4 additional Detectives, 4 additional Rooms, and an additional Story Quest All above rewards EARLY ACCESS to the game ahead of release Access to exclusive, Kickstarter backers-only content: 4 additional Detectives, 4 additional Rooms, and an additional Story Quest All Chief Inspector rewards A digital copy of the Mansion Lord soundtrack A fully-illustrated, digital instruction booklet Your name will appear in an exclusive section of the credits to show just how darn sophisticated you are! NOTE: This is a STAND-ALONE Reward, which means that it is not included in any other Reward tier, but you can still receive these items as an Add-On (see above)! All above rewards A SECOND COPY of the game with the same early access and exclusive content to give to a friend (25% discount for the extra copy) NOTE: Feel free to choose any 2 of the available (some pending based on stretch goals) platforms for your two copies: ex. Windows and MacOS or Windows and iPad All Chief Inspector rewards Grants access to Alpha Testing for Mansion Lord - get the first look at the game and help test and steer the direction of game mechanics throughout development! Gain special access to our closed Alpha forum Your name attached to an equipment item in the game - Just give us your name, a description or quote, and the item type (weapon/clothing/accessory) This reward will be automatically given to ALL backers who select a reward tier of $40 or more (see reward chart) All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable, randomly-spawned guest that wanders into the mansion - simply choose a NAME, GENDER, and an APPEARANCE ARCHETYPE Once funding is complete, Profiler backers will receive an email form to pick their name, gender, and basic details regarding their appearance - we will have a good handful of archetypes to best match your look! All Chief Inspector rewards Exclusive Mansion Lord T-shirt + worldwide shipping to your door! All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM OBJECT which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM OBJECT which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own ROOM which will appear in the game All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a non-playable KILLER CHARACTER which players can invite to terrorize their mansion All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as a playable (!!!) DETECTIVE CHARACTER which players can send on investigations All Chief Inspector rewards Design your own entire STORY QUEST - complete with 1 unique non-playable quest-giver character, dialogue, objectives, and combat encounters All Chief Inspector rewards BE IN THE GAME as the reclusive previous master of the house: you will be written into the backstory of the world, you will make cameo appearances at key story junctures, there will be statues and portraits in your honor, and all characters in the game will refer to you with great reverence (ex. "Alas, things just have not been the same since the days of Lord Steve, Commander of the Seven Fjords.") Your support will be key in bringing Mansion Lord to completion. While the basic framework of the game has already been completed, further content creation and systems refinement will require more time to reach the quality and quantity we want to bring to gamers. 100% of your contributions will go toward development: Labor for art/animation and coding SFX and Music (entirely out-sourced) Taxes Marketing efforts Software license fees Platform testing Hardware for testing purposes (+ additional devices and SDKs if platform stretch goals are met) Spicoli the Mighty is the mightiest robot of all. Golgom Games is a small, start-up game studio founded in Austin, TX by former employees of the game industry. After years of working for large corporations, we have decided to embark on our dream project: Mansion Lord. We love RPGs, business sim games, and low-res sprites. You can find other great Kickstarter projects at <url>