PRODUCT DESCRIPTION The Lion Hound Technology SYRE transforms your iPod Nano into an incredible smart watch designed for all aspects of your active lifestyle. Molded from a luxurious and flexible silicone polymer, each component has been refined to create a watch case that fits the needs of even the most demanding athletes. SYRE provides a secure, comfortable and unobtrusive fit that allows for airflow to the wrist while protecting your Nano from damage caused by impact or perspiration. The slim, stylish design aesthetic ensures that SYRE looks just as good at work as it does at play. By integrating the Bluetooth attachment into the watch case and removing the need for cumbersome wired headphones and unsightly adapters, SYRE gives athletes a full range of motion while active and a sleek, cordless experience while relaxing. Whether you are a runner, rock climber, cyclist, or weightlifter, Lion Hound Technology’s SYRE watch case will add style, function and Bluetooth connectivity to your iPod Nano experience, ensuring that your last mile is as easy as your first. SYRE…your workout unleashed! BLUETOOTH Despite being portrayed as the ultimate exercise companion, the iPod Nano still requires that the user listen to music via wired headphones. This glaring oversight limits range of motion and creates an unnecessarily cumbersome experience during intense exercises such as running, weightlifting, cycling or rock climbing. Even activities such as skateboarding, rollerblading or snowboarding, which would otherwise present ideal use cases for the iPod Nano, are hindered by the clumsiness associated with a corded headphone experience. SYRE, by integrating a Bluetooth chip directly into the watch case, frees the user from worrying about staying connected to their device and allows them to unleash their full potential. PROTECTION AND DURABILITY Aside from the lack of Bluetooth, the two most common complaints we hear regarding the iPod Nano are its propensity to fail as a result of sweat and/or drops. These are weaknesses for a device that is otherwise an ideal compliment to anyone’s exercise regimen. SYRE addresses these weaknesses by sealing in the iPod Nano’s data port, thus preventing moisture from entering its most sensitive electronic components and surrounding the entire device in a heat resistant silicone skin that is both durable and pleasing to the touch. SYRE empowers its users to push beyond boundaries and move without restriction. How far will SYRE take you? SLEEK DESIGN Lion Hound Technology believes that functionality and durability should not come at the expense of style. Further, we believe health and lifestyle are not incompatible undertakings that are scheduled around each other, but rather are integrated into your world throughout your day. As a result the SYRE watch case was designed to fit in both at work and at play. We recessed the iPod Nano clip into the housing of the watch case to provide a slimmer profile, tapered the lines around the iPod Nano to provide an attractive sleek design aesthetic and provided ventilation around the wrist so that its presence is only felt when you need it. SYRE accepts bumps, sweat and compliments with equivalent enthusiasm. You no longer have to compromise. SYRE can do it all! FAQ’s 1. What is Lion Hound Technology? Lion Hound Technology harnesses innovative technologies to create a generation of empowering products that will transform the way you live, work, and play. We believe that technology should be simple, intuitive, and elegant and those principles form the foundation for the product decisions that we make. Please visit our website for more information. 2. Will SYRE come in different colors? Sample Colors Only SYRE will come in 6 different colors. The 6 colors will be chosen by vote of the project's backers. 3. How long will it take to get my SYRE? The anticipated schedule for delivery is 4 to 6 months. Once the project reaches its funding goals work will proceed (i.e. we will not wait for the project period to end we will start once we have been assured the the project will be funded).Project backers will receive regular updates on our progress. We can't wait to see SYRE out in the wild and based on this time frame, SYRE will make a phenomenal Christmas present for the exercise enthusiast in your life. Or perhaps the child in your life who is not yet ready to have an iPod touch or iPhone, but would do great with a smaller and more durable MP3 player strapped to their wrist. Your patience and early support is rewarded by the incredible Kickstarter only pricing. Once this posting expires the price will move up to the stated retail pricing. Thank you again for your support! 4. What will the backer dollars be used for? Your contribution will help fund design refinement, production tooling, bluetooth refinement and certification, operating capital and manufacturing quantity commitments. 5. Will you be able to turn Bluetooth off when not in use? Yes. 6. How will Bluetooth connection effect the battery life of my iPod Nano? Apple states that the iPod Nano can last up to 24 hours when used to play music. Like all Bluetooth products, using SYRE's Bluetooth connection will reduce your battery life. The ability to turn your Bluetooth connection off when not in use helps quite a bit, however. While we are not ready to quote specific numbers it is fair to say that even during their most intense workouts, the user will tire long before SYRE does. 7. Do I have to buy my own iPod Nano or does SYRE come with it? SYRE does not come with an iPod Nano. Users will need to purchase them separately or buy one of the reward packages that includes a Nano along with a SYRE and stereo Bluetooth headphones. 8. How do you get the iPod Nano inside SYRE? The iPod Nano is inserted into SYRE through the face of the watch case for a secure and perspiration resistant fit. 9. How do you charge your iPod Nano once it is inside SYRE? Our patent pending design allows the Bluetooth adapter to be retracted and locked into place by inserting its plug into the wristband. Once in this position the data port is exposed and free to be used for charging. The plug also acts as a tether thus preventing the Bluetooth adapter from being separated from the watch case. 10. What can you share about your design team and their experience? I've been working with my Silicon Valley based industrial designer called ID-3D for just under a year and with my Bluetooth engineers, Indesign, for a little more than 4 months. Each company has brought hundreds of projects to market and has manufacturing experience both domestically and abroad and multiple Fortune 500 companies among their respective client bases. We have a great working relationship and are all very excited to be a part of this undertaking. 11. What is SYRE made from? SYRE is molded from a durable yet flexible silicone polymer that is soft to the touch. The design completely encloses your Nano leaving only the touchscreen exposed for easy user interaction. No more worrying about your iPod Nano being exposed to perspiration or falling out of it's watch case. 12. How/Where will SYRE be made? It is expected that SYRE will be manufactured by Pyramid Plastics in China. The case itself will be manufactured from a silicone polymer of a to be determined durometer utilizing an injection mold method. The Bluetooth component will use an automated assembly process to produce the printed wiring board. The board will then be placed by hand into the final watch case housing. We have and will continue to consider manufacturing SYRE in the USA and we will keep our backers up to date on any changes to the manufacturing location expectations.