In Appreciation for all Supporters and all new Pledges, we will include a FREE Demon Duck of Doom miniature with every pledge, and two with the Two Boxed Set Level!! But, hold on, we are over that $5,500 point now. So, everyone gets a Paraphysornis brasiliensis mini now, as well!! Two if you pledged for Two Boxed Sets. Now wait a moment, you are over 100%?? Yes. So, everyone gets a FREE Dinos Gastornis mini!! Which means everyone is currently getting three additional minis for free!! Obviously, if you have already pledged, and this Campaign is successful, the Duck, the Dino Gastornis and the Paraphysornis brasiliensis, are coming your way. Want more than a single Demon Duck, a single Dino Gastornis and a single Paraphysornis brasiliensis? Want a recently hatched clutch of nasty, hungry, fast and remorseless ThunderBirds? ADD ON: a Bullockornis planei miniature for $10 each! ADD ON: a Paraphysornis-brasiliensis for $10 each! ADD ON: a Dino Gastornis for $10 each! Do you really, really like Terror Birds? We are giving everyone free Terror Birds as we progress in funding, including three new historic species and the mythical, benevolent Simurgh, if we exceed our funding goals. Which means: we succeed and our Pledgers get a complete Terror Bird Mini Set, for free! (retail $45; see updates for species) Tell your friends!! Everyone should have this mini in their collection!! DOUBLE UP ON EPIC UNLOCKS WITH THE $125 PLEDGE!! How? Pledge $125 and you get 2 of each of the Unlocked Epic Stretch Goals! FINAL HOURS UPDATE!!!!! 1. If we reach $15,000, everyone gets a giant rat miniature, free. 2. If we reach $17,000, everyone above $80 gets an Irish Elk. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. 3. If we hit $17,000, everyone above $80 gets a gigantopithecus mini. If we miss the goal, it will be an Add-On for $20. WHAT IF YOU MISS THE ADD-ON KS DEADLINE? You can add-on anything for one week after the KS Campaign at the adwgames.com site. This Offer is only valid for Pledgers to this KS Campaign, and is non-transferable. Have you met a person that does not want to play with Ice Age Mammal toys? In seems, most everyone in contemporary culture yeans for a mythic and prehistoric simplicity. We see it in diets. We see it in animations. Comics. Even contemporary scientific research. Countries dream about cloning Woolly Mammoths. The last Ice Age ended about 10,000 years ago, during the Pleistocene Epoch. That does not mean that your adventures should not include these wonders of nature. They jump. They leap. They charge. They trample. They break through ranks. They pounce from trees. They can be your Druid's best friend, or your enemy's worst nightmare. These fierce, fantastic beasts can serve as friends or foes to your Adventurers as you wander through Viking tales, Dwarven tales, Animal Master tales, Ranger tales, Forest Romps, Forgotten World tales, Amazing tales (tails), Ice Age stories, Pirate Isle Adventures or Dream Park visits. Ice Age Mammals fit into every story imaginable. Now, they can fit into yours. The Ice Age Mammals Box Set Project has a simple goal: get the (8) eight miniatures sculpted, cast, and distributed to all everyone who loves big, historic, extinct animals and wants to put them into their fantasy world or mini collection! The Ice Age Mammals Set include (7) fantasy interpretations of historic animals in dynamic poses and (1) non-historic fantasy figure, the Mini-Mammoth. And, they are 28mm!! Our (7) Historic Ice Age Mammals includes stylized fantasy versions of: Gomphotherium, Doedicurus, Andrewsarchus, Elasmotherium, Dinohyus, Smilodon (the SaberTooth!), Unitatherium + the (1) fantasy, Doggerland version of the Mini-Mammoth, which is inspired by the actual Mini Mammoth found to have lived on the island of Crete during the Pleistocene (with the exception that our little guy is big a wee bit larger than a Shire Horse). Skip down to the size chart, below, to see the size of each mini compared to a 6' tall human. Per your Request: All models will be hand-sculpted. No 3D masters will be used for the miniatures being delivered in this Kickstarter. Existing 3D models are only on this page are for reference, only. Thank you for your input. You have actually made our wonderfully talented sculptress very happy. :) And, here is a look at our Mini-Mammoth, a hand-sculpted beauty! When we reach $7,000 in funding, this Cave Lion (BEFORE the Milliput detailing, which will take place next week) belongs to every Pledger. These are big animals. Some are as large a transport units found in W*Hammer of H*rdes. Ideal for conversions, specialized mounts or members of a terror squad. Or, if you were playing Doggerland, good luck trying to return a juvenile, unharmed, to the Preserve. Gomphotherium stood around 3 metres (9.8 ft) high with an estimated weight of 4-5 tons, and bore a strong resemblance to a modern elephant. Doedicurus clavicaudatus was a prehistoric glyptodont, living during the Pleistocene until the end of the last glacial period, some 11,000 years ago. This was the largest known glyptodontid, and one of the better-known members of the New World Pleistocene megafauna, with a height of 1.5 meters (5 ft) and an overall length of around 4 meters. Andrewsarchus is known only from an enormous skull (32.8 in/83 cm long and 22 in/56 cm wide) and pieces of bone. If Andrewsarchus was proportioned in the same manner as Mesonyx obtusidens, it had a length from the snout to the back of the pelvis of about 11 feet (3.4 m) and a height from the ground to the shoulder or middle of the back of about 6 feet (1.8 m). Elasmotherium ("Thin Plate Beast") is an extinct genus of giant rhinoceros endemic to Eurasia during the Late Pliocene through the Pleistocene, documented from 2.6 Ma to as late as 50,000 years ago, possibly later, in the Late Pleistocene, an approximate span of slightly less than 2.6 million years. Three species are recognised. The best known, E. sibiricum was the size of a mammoth and is thought to have borne a large, thick horn on its forehead which was used for defense, attracting mates, driving away competitors, sweeping snow from the grass in winter and digging for water and plant roots. Our "Thin Plate Beast", is a juvenile. So, only about 7 foot tall and 12 foot long. Daeodon shoshonensis is the largest known entelodont,[5] known adult individuals had skulls about 90 cm (3 ft) long and were around 1.8 m (6 ft) tall at the shoulders. Smilodon was the largest saber-toothed cat (or saber-toothed tiger). It was a fierce predator about 4-5 feet (1.2-1.5 m) long and 3 feet (0.9 m) tall. and: Uintatherium, ("Beast of the Uinta Mountains") was a length of about 4 m (13 ft), 1.70 m (5.6 ft) tall and a weight up to 2.25 tons. Given the size, we will be modelling a juvenile. Think 8' tall, or so. Excerpt from Noumier Tawilah's upcoming, A Young Person's Guide to Ice Age Mammals, ADW Press 2014. (shadow figures showing scale not in the original) Every Unlocked Stretch-Goal Miniature will be an Add-on Option, once it said Mini has been unlocked. At a Pledge of $125 or above, you get the SaberTooth T, for free!! (Scroll down for a photo.) What bunny??? This one: Also, at the $14,000 level, we are offering a pdf of this incredible, hand-drawn battle map, a 5' x 5' masterpiece scaled to 28mm! (with and without 28mm hex). DELIVERED JULY 4th, 2014!! Rules for swamp, geothermic pools, geoactivated trees and weird flora will be included in Band of Gnomes! Here is the T-Shirt! And, the with-background version. Your choice! The ADW Games' Doggerland Team is comprised of six 2D Artists, two 3D Designers, a Research Assistant, Writers, Copy Editors, Rendering Editor, Director of Merchandising and Brand Development, and an Operations Manager. The art department has a combined 111 years of experience behind them, enhancing the project of Doggerland in front of them. Past projects include independent film, tentpole video games, MegaDeath Holiday Cards, and the David Letterman graphic novel. The Doggerland team is committed to creating a memorable game and imaginative world. Visit www.adwgames.com to read more about us, and our upcoming projects! Ice Age Mammals are, like games, part of our shared history. We made them a huge part of our game-world, Doggerland. There is something very humbling and empowering to know that these animals are not from the world of pulp fiction and amazing stories. We are happy to bring our version of these creatures to your tabletop game, or mini collection. And, if you like this basic set, you can rest assured that there are many more around the corner. Thank you for your support and enjoy a new and improved Pleistocene playing experience! 1) The minis shown, all except Terror Bird #1, are pre-detailing. Terror Bird is a finished mini. She was finished on the 10th day of this KS campaign. You will certainly see a LOT of detail in her sculpt. 2) And, no animals are being hurt in the main campaign picture. The Archers are shooting the equivalent of Chinese fireworks at the Tigers to scare them away.