Mutator has funded successfully! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU to every one of Mutator's passionate backers!!! Please visit Mutator.co for updates, to sign up for the mailing list, or to contact us! Hi, I'm Ron. It's Murphy's law: if I'm at an important meeting, or some other place where my iPhone absolutely should not make noise, it invariably will find a way to be disruptive. We've all been there when it happens to us (or if we're lucky, to someone else) and it can be quite embarrassing. Although there is a "Ring/Silent" switch on most iOS devices, I have repeatedly found that videos, music, apps and even Siri can make noise when the switch is set to silent. It's 2013, and this isn't really news anymore. It's been going on since the dawn of the digital device, and in this case the iPhone. (A great summation on the iPhone mute debate — and one of the inspirations behind creating Mutator — can be found on Dan Benjamin's last official blogpost to the world: <url>"mute" switch, but rather a switch to silence the phone's ringer From Apple's iPhone User Guide (pg. 10): There you have it. In Apple's own words, the "mute" switch doesn't actually mute all sounds. So what is an iPhone-loving, techno-crazed Apple junkie to do? For years I lived with the apocalyptic fear that at any moment my phone would erupt into an onslaught of sonic desagilation. After searching for a fix that would ease my mind — with no luck — I finally decided to develop my own solution. Sometimes noisy phones are no bueno That's when Mutator was born. Mutator is a simple, sleek device that keeps your phone quiet. Mutator mutes all sounds generated by videos, songs, games, apps, Siri and more. Kills 'em dead. Gonzo. Adios. Sayonara. The first thing you should know about Mutator is that it is designed with you in mind. Keep your iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch in the silent zone with the only low-profile, minimal, beautiful device that can hush your phone on command. Mutator's sleek, low-profile design keeps your iPhone silent while staying out of the way Need your phone to make some noise? No sweat. Simply twist Mutator 90° — no need to remove Mutator in order to disengage silent mode. Simply twist Mutator to engage or disengage silent mode Where is Mutator useful? Business Meetings Classes For kids Church Funerals (don't be that guy) Concerts Movies Jury duty Hiding in the root cellar during the next zombie apocalypse Mutator makes everything muy bueno Mutator lets you know when you're in silent mode through a tactile "click" that is felt when it twists into place. You can even check whether Mutator is in mute-mode while your phone is in your pocket, purse, or on the bedside table at night when it's dark. Mutator is a deceptively simple-looking (and small) product. As I was working through the early development process, it became clear that Mutator will require a few moderately complex steps for production. In order to produce a high-quality custom headphone tip, I have selected a top-level engineering firm in Salt Lake City, UT. I have also lined up a secondary manufacturer in the event that our original manufacturer falls through. There's a certain enjoyment that comes from designing and prototyping a new product. But nothing matches what I expect will be the joy of getting the final, polished version of Mutator in my (and your) hands. That's where you come in: your generous pledge will allow me to get Mutator mass-produced and available for seekers of silence everywhere. Here's where the Mutator project funds will be utilized: Production-level prototypes Tooling, Fabrication, and Assembly Injection Molding Machining / Anodization Package design and creation Global Mutator Delivery