Well, our Kickstarter campaign is over, but you can still get a myIDkey! Head over to www.myIDkey.com for more information and to place an order. For press inquiries, please contact <email>. Follow myIDkey on Twitter @myIDkey and on Facebook at www.facebook.com/myIDkey. WHAT ARE THE PRESS SAYING ? Engadget; Ubergizmo ; CNET ; LAPTOP ; Information Week ; IT Lounge ; Gizmo Envy ; PC Magazine ; Geeky Gadgets ; Digital Trends ; Biometric Update ; TECH Spot ; Digital Reviews ; Cloud Computing ; Science Daily ; YAHOO! Finance ; CBSNews ; Mercury News ; Sacramento Bee ; Geek News Central ; Net PR News ; PC Magazine Security Watch ; Slash Gear ; Device Magazine ; IT PRO ; HEAVY ; Entrepreneur ; Android Police ; ManyOfMany ; Unlocked (and protected) with the swipe of a finger, myIDkey is the Industry's first biometric secure Bluetooth / USB drive and password manager. Why did we create the myIDkey? We recognized a familiar pain point in most digital users lives and built a simple password management device. Today, we have literally hundreds of passwords, account numbers and other important information that we have to remember. myIDkey is the first fingerprint, voice-search, secure Bluetooth / USB drive that displays passwords and ID on the go as well as works with all smart mobile devices and personal computers. Now passwords and account information is at the tip of your finger. "The (myIDkey) thumb drive stores passwords across various services, letting you take 'em on the run." - Engadget "I hate to use the term "sexy" to describe a gadget, but if the myIDkey isn't "sexy," at least it's "damn fine." - CNET "I tried to think of anything I might want to add to this password management powerhouse, and didn't come up with anything." - PC Magazine "For interacting with mobile devices, myIDkey communicates over Bluetooth, providing password management using their iOS and Android apps." - BYTE (& Information Week) "If you're worried about accidentally brushing your finger against the drive on your keychain, you can add an optional tap sequence to further protect passwords." - LAPTOP Magazine "You can plug the device into a computer via USB, or you can connect it to a laptop or a mobile device via Bluetooth - it's a veritable all-around password depot." - Digital Trends "The device can even generate unique passwords that would be too complicated to remember otherwise for additional protection" - SlashGear "Should you happen to misplace your myIDkey or have it stolen, it is a snap to deactivate its contents for added peace of mind." - Ubergizmo Unparalleled protection + Quick and easy access. With myIDkey, your finger (or thumb) print is your key to unlock your highly personal data such as passwords, bank accounts, passports, etc. Simply swipe your thumb or finger across the reader to view passwords and more. When you need it fast, simply speak. After unlocking your myIDkey with a finger swipe, you can simply press and hold the microphone button and speak into your myIDkey to quickly recall and see that important number, date or whatever personal data is needed in a flash. Complete password management. Whether wirelessly connected to your phone or tablet via Bluetooth, or when directly plugged into your desktop or notebook PC via USB, myIDkey autofills your credentials for any site. With complete password management that is also protected by your fingerprint, you never have to remember another password again! Plus, myIDkey can automatically generate unique passwords for further protection - all of which is easily managed with the myIDkey app. Now you have a key to all your devices. By wirelessly syncing your myIDkey to your iPhone, iPad or Android phone or tablet via Bluetooth, you can create an extra layer of security for protecting what matters most. Free myIDkey app makes it easy... and safe. Customize your log in with multiple finger swipes, tap sequences and more to create unbreakable access to all of your most important or sensitive content. You have stuff you want protected no matter what. We can relate, and with the myIDkey app, you can easily select anything you'd like to have more security on your iPhone, iPad or Android device. When you need it, there it is. With built-in and customizable OLED display, you can easily see that important data no matter what the lighting is around you. With voice search and included scroll buttons, you can easily find your passwords and important data. Want even more protection? With optional tap sequence, you can set up a personal sequence that needs to be administered along with your thumbprint to unlock your myIDkey. So set up one tap, two taps or a custom pattern only you would know to further protect your passwords and identity. Made to fit your busy, mobile lifestyle. myIDkey easily attaches to your key ring, your purse or whatever you choose so it can always be by your side. Think of it as your personal, safe key to all the numbers, codes, dates and passwords you use every day. Security and style in one. With a removable ONYX BLACK protective case, you can ensure your myIDkey is protected during your busy lifestyle. The case easily slips over the device and locks into place for ultimate protection from scratches, wear and tear. Bonus for Kickstarter backers: in addition to the included case, we're throwing in a free PEARL WHITE case. Plus, we'd like our backers to vote on the next case color! You can't be too safe when dealing with passwords. We employ the latest security and encryption protocols to ensure your passwords and other personal data is always safe. We never keep your data anywhere in a form that isn't encrypted - so only you (and your fingerprint of course) can access. Fail-safe protection, even if lost or stolen. If your myIDkey is ever lost or stolen, you're still protected. If there are multiple attempts to access the information within, myIDkey will automatically erase everything so you're still protected. If you retrieve your myIDkey or purchase a new one, you can simply restore your information by syncing to your desktop or to our secure cloud. Get complete protection AND complete control. Connecting multiple myIDkeys together for sharing secure information is simple. Plus, you can easily set your backup settings to sync with our cloud, another cloud service (ie DropBox or Google Drive) or via encryption to your PC, phone or tablet. So in case your myIDkey is ever lost or stolen you can stay protected. The news is catching on quick. We've only just begun talking publicly about myIDkey and the response has been overwhelming. We're getting product requests from all around the world and have already been recognized by the Consumer Electronics Association with 3 innovation awards. Let us show our appreciation! All myIDkey campaign backers will get their name listed (optional, of course) on our website. We need your support. Please purchase our limited edition Kickstarter t-shirts - every bit of support helps! As we hit various campaign milestones our pledges will also receive additional special perks. Who is the Team? Arkami was founded by Tareq Risheq & Mark Thacker in 2012. They are both serial entrepreneurs that have taken products from inception to launch in areas such as consumer electronics, internet products and enterprise software. Technology veterans Tareq and Mark are no strangers to the world of high tech startups - Tareq was formerly CEO of Celllynx, Mark was the co-founder of Datallegro, a data analytics business acquired by Microsoft for nearly $300m in 2009. Mark has spent a lot of time in the open source software space and loves to work on community projects that provide value to the participants. Tareq & Mark have assembled a great team of web developers, hardware designers, manufacturing professionals, security staff, cloud infrastructure consultants and a world class set of advisors and mentors that are as excited about this project as the team - they even wanted to be in the video! When can I get a device? The "Designs" are complete, patents filed, component suppliers selected, the manufacturing process is defined, the CM chosen so all we need is your support in this project as we size the first myIDkey production run and ship product in September 2013. Please make a pledge and receive your myIDkey! What are other people saying?