[Check our update 6 about the final flash sale] As the number of smart devices in your daily life is increasing, organizing things has become time-consuming. We created MYNT to be the simple device that makes organizing personal items easy. Meet MYNT: the one button remote. The smart button will perform three preset and customizable actions distinguished by single click, double click, and triple click. The smartphone app allows user customization for each type of click. Featured on: At first glance, MYNT is similar to an oval shaped decoration. The simplistic look hides the advanced functionalities inside. At 1/8th of an inch thin, with a size of about 1.5 of an SD memory card, MYNT is able to control music players, alarm devices, computers, smartphones, and so much more. MYNT is versatile and nimble. The smart companion can inconspicuously be placed in wallets, attached to key chains, and anywhere that fits. All the functionalities will not be useful if the remote cannot be located easily. So we added the tracking function. MYNT is a smart tracker. The app interface provides intuitive control. The app's GPS map and close distance map accurately indicate the item location. MYNT also has an alarm speaker on board. The flat surface and small size allows MYNT to be easily attached to a wide range of items. MYNT’s metal body is resistant to physical impacts and wear-tears. The replaceable battery has a lifespan of up to one year. It's the perfect companion gadget. With MYNT: Functions MYNT has perfected: Out-of-range alarm: notify through a smartphone or onboard beep if MYNT is out of range. To find the smartphone, press and hold the button, which signals the phone to generate an alarm. Distance will be indicated in the proximity map. The last location recorded: the app records the last location of MYNT. Present the location on the GPS map. Selfie Shutter: single click for taking picture. Multi-device music control: single click for play, double for skipping to the next song, triple for previous song. Presentation remote: play, backward, skip. Weather alarm: app sends beep alarm about weather. These are pre-setting. Users can customize their own functions for each type of click. Functions we are fine-tuning for MYNT: Control smart TV (on/off, next channel, and more), smart air conditioner (on/off, increase temperature, decrease temperature, and more), game devices, smart home appliances and many other devices that may need a remote control. Simply set the three types of actions through the app, MYNT will take care of the rest. Activity and fitness tracking. Design: We thought about the different scenarios: we want you to put MYNT in your wallet without noticing it, so we made it extremely thin. Now, MYNT is 1/8 inch thin, just the thickness of two coins. We want you to use MYNT as a keychain tag, so we created a hole and included a string in the package. We want you to attach it to your laptop or tablet, so we made the surface flat and included two double-sided stickers. Super Strong Material We want MYNT to be durable and also fashionable, so we used stainless steel and processed it with different process techniques: original stainless steel silver with metal wire drawing, sand blast black, gold and sky blue mirror surface. As thin as a sheet of bubble gum Small details: Replaceable battery + long battery + smart battery reminder MYNT currently supports iOS, Android, and Mac OS X. CrowdGPS: our global support community (compatible with communities of other tracker brands) Open building kit: everybody is welcome to contact us and use our free kit to build more applications based on the MYNT platform. Where we are now: The production type for MYNT is ready to be delivered this November. The app and MYNT currently work on most smartphones. We are testing the customization and compatibility of MYNT, and also fine-tuning the manufacturing process. Where we are headed: We are working on adding more connectivity as a smart remote, connecting to a wide range of devices such as automated home appliance, robot playmate, and new smart devices. We are also working on adding fitness and activity tracking. Timeline October- Kick off November - Ship initial units to Kickstarter backers Onwards - adding more functions and perfecting units with each production batch. MYNT Team MYNT team selfie picture taken by MYNT We're a team of designers and engineers based in San Jose, California, Beijing and Wuxi, China. Collectively, we have built products that people around the world love and enjoy. How Funds Will Be Used Ensuring the manufacturing quality to be excellent R&D on additional app functions such as connection with other smart device Improving current functions and fine tuning Improve MYNT app's user interface Creating customer support infrastructure. Easily attaches to key rings, bags, and luggage Durable, stainless steel construction Flat rear surface sticks perfectly to your laptop and passport Long battery life and standard user-replaceable battery Extended range, up to 45 meters (150 feet) outdoors Specifications • Wireless technology: Bluetooth 4.0 LE (BLE) Wireless range: up to 150ft Waterproofing: IP43 (splash-resistant) Dimensions: 0.98 x 2.17 x 0.14 inches / 25 x 55 x 3.5 mm Battery life: up to one year (depends on usage) Battery type: user replaceable CR2020 lithium button cell (120mAh) Supported Platforms: iOS7 and above Android 4.3 and above (requires Bluetooth 4.0 LE) Mac OS X 10.9 and above (for presentation remote) Intro guide by a fan: Waterproof sleeve: