MYTHIC: The Story Of Gods And Men Mythic is and action/strategy based RPG brought to you by the same team that left Activision / Blizzard in search of something better! MYTHIC is an open world concept that will allow you to choose where you want to go even if it does not coincide with the story line and current missions list (hey, sometimes we just like to explore to level up right?!). The gameplay characteristics will be similar to that of World of Warcraft and the graphics quality should be up there with Skyrim. Game will be release on PC first and then ported to Mac. Depending on funding amount reached we will aiming to get a multiplayer version online by Summer 2013. Game engine is custom but built based off of Unity3D and animations will be done via motion capture thanks to some friends at Disney/Pixar! Choose Your Fate Biblical: Arch Angel Michael and Lucifer Greek: Zeus and Hades Egyptian: Ra and Anubis More classes coming soon with demigods in each category! Lands of the Ancients Giant free roaming maps and terrains of the ancient world including Egypt, Greece, and the Middle East (more options waiting on votes between africa and asia). Missions: The main storyline will be to destroy the other Gods and take back full worship and control of the earth and all humanity. Sub missions will change throughout the game based on the choices you make! You will have the choice to change your class of Good or Evil once in the game at a story driven point... choose wisely. Taking back over run temples and villages will increase your "worship" thus allowing you to unlock new more powerful godly abilities. Smiting enemies will level up your character (this is the only traditional thing about MYTHIC! Boss Battles: Depending on who you choose and whether you are good or evil, the storyline will adapt and change throughout gameplay. This will allow the user to experience all the the boss battles against the other Top Gods. Each boss battle will have multiple outcomes driven by your choices ( not just win or lose! ) IN GAME TERRAIN SHOTS: In game shot of desert terrain In game shot of forest terrain In game shot of northern mountain terrain Funding Questions: 1.) Question: "Is 80k enough to fund this game?" Answer: "In short answer, yes! Our team has been able to raise a substantial amount from various VC's and Angel Investors as well as pulling out our own wallets! 2.) Question: "What will you do with the extra funds if the project passes the 80k mark?" Answer: "We will put 100% of all funds raised here back into the game to ensure we did everything possible to make the best possible experience for our backers and customers!" 3.) Question: "So what exactly is my donation being put to use for?" Answer: "We are trying to raise the 80k in order to secure the motion capture animation team and studio time for the games sound track. If we can save a little then it will be put back into programming the game engine." Kicking It Forward? We will be donating 5% of our profits once MYTHIC is released! This way we can "Kick It Forward" by helping the funding of new awesome games, as we have seen quite a few great projects come out of here already! SWAG! (everyone loves goodies!) MYTHIC Poster MYTHIC T-Shirts MYTHIC Book Bag MYTHIC God Swords