It’s o-fish-al! Thank you for making NoClean Aquariums™ a reality! If you missed out you can get your Self-Cleaning Aquarium at NoCleanAquariums.com, along with updates and future projects. We sincerely appreciate your support! -Craig & David NoClean Aquariums™... the Fastest, Easiest, Mess-Free & FUN way to have an Aquarium! People love aquariums because of their soothing, natural beauty. They make a stunning addition to any home or office and are great for kids. The only drawback is the cleaning. It’s a dirty, messy time consuming chore. So we set out to design an aquarium that breaks down these barriers so anyone can have a beautiful, fun-to-watch aquarium without the hassles. Introducing the NoClean Desktop Aquarium: It’s self-cleaning, eco-friendly, and only takes about 60-seconds to work! The self-cleaning system runs entirely on physics. Simply pour water into the aquarium and watch it clean itself! There's no need to remove the fish, ornaments or wash the gravel. Your hands won't even get wet. It’s so easy anybody can do it! The aquarium uses no electricity or filters so there are no running costs. Waste water is neatly collected in a cup making it easy to recycle as organic fertilizer for your plants. Now anybody can have a beautiful, fun to watch aquarium without the hassles! How it Works Due to gravity and the laws of physics, aquarium waste naturally works its way through the rocks to be trapped at the bottom of the aquarium in a patent-pending reservoir and plumbing system. This keeps your Betta fish out of harm’s way and water crystal clear. Every couple of days, simply pour clean water into the aquarium to activiate the self-cleaning system. This flushes out waste trapped in the reservoir while performing a partial water change. The system automatically stops when the water reaches the perfect level, ensuring a spill-free, mess-free experience. Waste water is neatly collected in a cup for watering your plants or easy disposal. This is clearly the easiest way to clean and maintain a healthy aquarium! About the Rewards The dimensions of the aquarium are 4.25" x 4.25 x 11.5" high. The aquarium body is made from sturdy 3/16” glass. The aquarium holds just over a half gallon and weighs about 4.5 pounds empty and 9.5 pounds full. The aquarium and its components (not LEDs) are made & assembled in the USA. Add allure to your reward with the Large Bright-White LED; including 3x AAA batteries (we recommend replacing with rechargables), and the Colored LED 4-pack; including 2x CR2032 batteries per light. All rewards that ship with lights receive a free light-hood. All aquariums come with your choice of clear glass gems or natural rocks. NoClean Aquariums™ "IOU" Gift Certificates are available for backers to print at home for those who give this as a gift before we ship in April. Betta Fish Care & Cleaning Tips Betta fish, also called “fighting fish” are loved for their beautiful flowing fins, vibrant colors and interactive nature. These unique qualities seem to draw in both fish fanatics and those who’ve never had fish before. Betta fish are low maintenance and easy to care for – especially when combined with the NoClean Desktop Aquarium – making them the perfect starter fish and great for kids! Betta fish are inexpensive to aquire and maintain. They are sold at most pet stores for between $7-$17. The only other items you'll need is a small net, water conditioner, Betta food (pellets), and a plant / decorations. With fighting fish a little food goes a long way. Feed your Betta a couple pellets once or twice a day. They can go a few days without eating so don't worry if you're away for a long weekend or leave your fish at the office. For a treat we recommend occasionally feeding your fish live food. Water quality is key to your Betta’s health. Therefore, you should run the cleaning system every couple of days. The water you add should be about the same temperature as the water present the aquarium. Use water conditioner when filling the aquarium. Rinse out the cup before you fill to avoid introducing toxic substances, including soap and cleansers, to your aquarium. Betta fish should not be kept in a cold room. Never put two Betta fish in the same aquarium. They’re called fighting fish for a reason! However, you can put two Betta tanks together for an entertaining show. This has the added benefit of giving your fighting fish some exercise. Just be sure to separate them when you’re done watching so they don’t get over-excited and stressed-out. Your Support is Essential Help us make our dream come true and change the aquarium world forever! Your support is essential in our quest to improve the lives of fish and their owners and enables us to design more beautiful and exciting aquarium products! The faster we have your support the larger our project will grow and the more impact your pledge will make on our progress. So please become a NoClean Aquariums™ backer and share this page with your friends today! Thanks!