Click the image to go to Iron Circus Comics' online shop! Poorcraft was Iron Circus Comics' very first crowdfunding project. Written by C. Spike Trotman and illustrated by Diana Nock, the result was an award-winning, critically-acclaimed volume of awesome advice on living the frugal life. I think it came out pretty great, and a lot of other folks agree: Poorcraft can now be found in high school libraries, adult education curricula, college bookstores, and countless graduation gift boxes. And Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here is the sequel, a brand-new guide to help folks plan vacations that don't wipe out their savings! The cover! Just needs a little color, and a little you! Diana Nock has returned to illustrate Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here, with an all-new script by Ryan Estrada, cartoonist and epic world traveler. Ryan is the author of "Learn to Read Korean in 15 Minutes" and "Travel Anywhere on $20 a day," as well as many other stories and graphic novels. He grew up in Michigan, was an ambassador to Australia, an undocumented animator in Canada, busted ghosts in South Korea, wandered Kim Jong Il's secret tunnels to North Korea, slept on a bench in a typhoon in Japan, dug toilets for tsunami victims in Thailand, wandered illegally into Burma, explored Cambodia, Malaysia, Singapore and Laos, offered his hair to the gods in India, hunted hyena skulls in Kenya, fainted atop Kilimanjaro in Tanzania, lived on a Costa Rican beach and a Panamanian volcano, boated to Colombia, met blue-footed boobies in Ecuador, and fell into Lake Titicaca in Peru. All on a cartoonist's salary. It's 132 black and white pages, and apart from cameo spots on both the front cover and 11 interior pages, it's ready for print. No, really! Just look at all those pages! And the best part? We're streamlining this Kickstarter for a quick delivery before the spring. No bells and whistles, just a better book in your hands faster. Now's your chance to grab both the original Poorcraft and its new sequel at a discount, and help make Wish You Were Here even snazzier! Sure thing! A bit of page 49! Choosing your accommodations. Page 33 is all about transportation! Page 25 will get you better airline food. Page 12 wants you to pack less. Pretty cool, huh? Heavier paper stock? French flaps? An embossed cover? Who knows! But if Poorcraft: Wish You Were Here hits $20,000, the books just get better. Cuz who doesn't like fancy books? AAH, UNLOCKED!!!!! AWESOME BOOKS FOR EVERYONE! If the Poorcraft Kickstarter hits $30,000, every single backer will be treated to a full digital collection of author Ryan Estrada's travel comics! Adventures with Japanese tsunamis, Korean homeless men, accidental cocaine smuggling, surprise insect swarms, and MORE. He's lived it, so you don't have to! Wanna see more? Head to poorcraft.com to preview 30 pages of Wish You Were Here, along with 130 pages of the original Poorcraft. Poorcraft.com updates every day with brand-new comics for the whole Kickstarter! Kickstarter video created by Matt Sheridan and C. Spike Trotman. Music: "Batty McFaddin" by Kevin MacLeod, "Cockpit" by Silent Partner All art by Diana Nock (except for Ryan Estrada's self portraits). Sound effects: Coin drop by TheDJoe93 Motorcycle engine by severaltimes