Poor Choices is a hilarious new card game for people who are really good at being bad. Each round, one player draws an adventure and the other players choose a character and a character trait for that adventure. The worst character wins the round and the best character loses (and is punished for it). ALL STRETCH GOALS UNLOCKED!!! Inside the Box Poor Choices and Poor Choices Adult currently include 504 unique cards (168 characters, 168 traits, 112 adventures and 56 humiliations). Poor Choices box design — the Poor Choices Adult box will be updated to include adult characters Back of cards Fronts of cards Our Progress We have worked over 3,000 hours to create Poor Choices. The process of going from an idea to a reality is always exciting, but we're particularly proud of Poor Choices. Here you can see our progression from some of the first sketch concepts to a working prototype. We can hardly wait get our hands on a final copy! Initial lawyer sketch, digital illustration and Character Card prototype Our first prototype for playtesting and quality check Character Time-lapses Want to see Neil illustrate some of the characters? Here are time-lapse videos that condense hours of illustration down to two minutes. Awesome! The Rules Deal five Character Cards and five Trait Cards to each player, and place the remaining cards in the middle of the table. The person wearing the ugliest shirt is Player One for the first round. The round begins when Player One draws an Adventure Card and reads it out loud. The other players choose a Character Card from their hand that’s best equipped for that particular adventure, and place it face down on the table in front of them. Then players get to attack one of their opponents. The same players choose a Trait Card from their hand to sabotage their opponent’s character, and pass it face down to the player on their right. Player One gathers all of the character and trait combinations and reads them out loud. Then, Player One decides which character is the best and worst choice for that particular adventure. Players are rewarded for making poor choices — not good ones. The player who played the trait of the worst character earns a point and becomes Player One for the next round. The player who played the trait of the best character must draw a Humiliation Card and do whatever it says to do. The next round begins when the winner draws a new Adventure Card. The first player to earn five points wins. Download rules How to Play Video Rewards Stretch Goals The more backers that support our Kickstarter, the more cards and upgrades we can afford to include in the game. Our Team The creator, Wade Welsh, is an entrepreneur with a passion for games and creating amazing products. The artist, Neil Morley (thelazyfox.co.uk), has been a professional artist for more than 10 years. The 3D and video guy, Karl Brudvig (starlitshapes.weebly.com), is a 3D generalist and illustrator. Left to right: Wade Welsh, Neil Morley and Karl Brudvig We partnered with comedians Michael Joiner, John Zakour, Robert Sherrell, Jeremy Pryal, Scott Black and more who have written for Comedy Central, David Letterman, Jay Leno, Bill Maher, Ownage Pranks, and Bart Simpson, Jimmy Neutron and Rugrats comics. Shipping Part of your pledge goes towards shipping your game to you. For backers in the United States, you simply pay the amount shown. For those of you in other countries, our costs are higher, so we add on an additional amount at checkout. Canada and United Kingdom — $7 ($5 for each additional game) Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Luxembourg, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden — $14 ($10 for each additional game) Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, and Slovakia — $20 ($15 for each additional game) Everywhere else — $10 ($9 for each additional game) For backers outside of the countries listed above, we've found that the quickest and most cost-effective way to do this is via a fulfillment center located in China. This means you'll be responsible for any customs, VAT or import taxes. To minimize any charges that you may incur, we’ll state the value of the game at our manufacturing cost, which means it will have a stated value of around $5. This should help all you eliminate or minimize any tax/customs issues. What's Left? What's left for us to do depends on which stretch goals we unlock. The more people that back our project, the more cards and features we can afford to include in the game. Once the Kickstarter ends, we'll finalize the cards that are in the game, illustrate any characters that we unlocked and print the game. The card design, package design and character artwork is subject to change, but what won't change is the high-quality design and overall illustration style that you see above. In other words, you're going to get a high-quality game in the mail. This timeline shows what you can expect if we unlock all of the stretch goals. Our goal is to deliver your game earlier than this schedule states, but we don't want to promise an earlier date and make everyone upset if there is an unexpected delayed during the process.