Full of Fuel charges multiple devices, over and over again with a single charge. Light weight and elegant design. With each person in North America owning an average 5.8 electronic devices it’s no wonder we’re constantly looking for a plug socket. Why Is Full of Fuel Different? Unlike the current products on the market Full of Fuel charges both USB and DC input devices. So anything! Laptops, phones, portable DVD's, handheld games, iPads…..pretty much anything that needs a charge. Not only does it beat other products with the ability to charge multiple devices at the same time; it does it in LESS time! A traditional USB charger can take 11 - 18 hours to charge, Full of Fuel (F-20) will charge it in 4 hours. For example the F-20 can charge a laptop from empty to full twice on one charge. Or an iPhone 5 from empty to full 14 times. From anywhere, anytime. Although the F20 (20000mAh) is our most innovative product we have also developed two additional sizes the F16 (16000mAh) and F12 (12000mAh). Who Will Love Full of Fuel? On Vacation! Forget mulitple plugs, chargers and adpators just take the Full of Fuel and keep everyone's devices full charged on the plane or a tropical island. At the Weekend! Heading camping? Fishing? Biking? Road Trip? Skiing? Hiking? Sport event? Party? Boat Trip? Pack the Full of Fuel and keep your devices charged while you recharge your batteries. Week Days! Stuck on the train? Need to charge your laptop on the move? Never miss an important call and have your laptop ready to go, even when out the office for days on end. Kids! Long drives. Camping Trips. Flights. What ever the reason keep everyone happy with a Full of Fuel device! Charge multiple devices over and over again from one charge, anywhere and anytime. Essential to make your life eaiser as a parent on the move! Emergency Responder! Paramedic, Firefighter, SAR, River Rescue, Police - whatever your position in these awesome sectors never use out to dead batteries. Don't forget Full of Fuel charges more than just USB devices! (Our Demo Video) Number of times the F20 (20,000mAh) will charge your device: Number of charges depends on the mAh of the device being charged. Divide 20000 by the mAh of your device. · Apple iPhone 4,5, 5s & 5c : ~14 times Samsung Galaxy S III: ~9 times Samsung Galaxy Note: ~8 times Amazon Kindle Fire: ~5 times Apple iPad 1 or 2: ~3.5 times Apple iPad mini: ~4.5 times Google Nexus 4: ~9.5 times Google Nexus 10: ~3 times Our Design (One of the first 3D F20 drawings) (F20 autocad) (One of the most advanced IC board custom designed for use with the F20) Connect with us ! Feel free to ask us any questions and share your experience with us. We'll post news and updates too! Facebook Twitter Google + Our Story I created the series charger after I was frustrated by always losing power to my devices when I needed them the most a feeling many people have especially as new smart phone platforms are draining cell phones quicker. I always had to carry my laptop charger and phone charger and sometimes I couldn't even find a plug to charge them. There was nothing on the market that fixed all these solutions. So I decided to start Full of Fuel. Full of Fuel was founded with the intention to challenge the battery technology and push past the boundaries in the established marketplace. When we decided to create an external battery of our own, we identified several features that we felt we could improve upon. We wanted higher capacity and a faster charge in a compact size, and we knew that to force change in a stagnant industry we would have to find a manufacturer willing to partner with us to develop innovative technology solutions that they did not yet possess. In the early stages, we focused on finding an attractive look for our battery, we began by looking at existing products on the market, getting an idea of how well they were selling, and finding out what people were saying about them. Our passion for simplicity led us to create a sleek and compact form factor. We set out to design a battery backup with enough power to withstand everyday life. Each one of these aspects could not be compromised. We needed a device that was light enough to carry around but could still charge your devices over & over conveniently and effortlessly. What’s included? (AC Wall charger, one (1) DC connecting cable for laptop & other devices, 8 adapter plugs for laptops & other devices,& adapter USB cable) Meet the Team ! Sunny Singh Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Full of Fuel Technologies Sunny Singh has been instrumental from the inception of Full of Fuel Technologies in creating a Company that in every way exemplifies his vision of fo-filling the need of business and individuals for immediate reenergizing cell phones and battery operated products. Mr. Singh has overseen the development of the products from concept stage, to product design and manufacturing, to the hiring of a marketing team, the implementation of a marketing plan, and finally the launch of the products. He has a Business Degree from the British Columbia Institute of Technology. John Peterson Product Manager for Full of Fuel Technologies Mr. Peterson has a wide experience in business he brings to the company. He has owned and operated businesses over forty years which include owning and managing real estate investment firms that bought, sold and managed commercial and residential properties and restaurants in the Lower Mainland and the Okanagan Valley. Mr. Peterson for three years was developing a commercial electronic platform for 360 degree viewing and selling of homes and yachts. Mr Peterson provides marketing and business direction for Full of Fuel Technologies. Mr. Peterson also assists Mr. Singh advising companies wishing to develop and market products in Canada and U.S.A! Anthony Osten Creative Director & Logistics Manager Anthony manages the creation of graphic material in both digital and print media; formatting of e-marketing communications, including our website fullofuel.com, as well managing movement of goods and supplies and maintains our relationship with shipping partners. Manufacturing Plan Prior to Kickstarter launch (January 2013 - July 2013) Market research Established manufacturing partners in China Completed IC board design and testing with engineering company Lithium ion polymer battery selection with battery manufacturer Mold (shell) design and fabrication FCC, CE, and ROHS certification General product testing by Full of Fuel. Ensure proper regulations are met for air transportation During Kickstarter campaign (November 2013 to December 2013) Raw materials procurement Production planning Work with FedEx on importation process into U.S.and Canada FedEx to work with manufacturer to ensure safe shipment of lithium-ion batteries. After the Kickstarter campaign (January 2014 to February 2014) Manufacturing of the Full of Fuel (takes about 10 business days) Product inspection by third party company at manufacturer Pre-shipment inspection by Fedex at manufacturer FedEx Express product pickup in China and air transport delivery to Full of Fuel office. Shipment of Full of Fuel rewards to our donors.