Brass 6 Sided Prototype - Beveled or Sharp Edges The research and development phase for the Precision Machined RPG dice project is completed. The CAD drawings are complete and the most challenging die, the 20, has been produced. Brian has been working in the CNC machining industry since 1989 and has seen the ups and downs. It is essential to Brian and I that the RPG dice are manufactured and produced in the USA. In order to bring the dream of Precision Machine RPG dice to reality we need your help. The price of production is greatly decreased based on volume pricing for materials and labor. With the help of the Kickstarter community we can hit the volumes needed to take this project from concept to commercial production. Precision Machined 6 sided casino type dice are also available with beveled or sharp edges The Precision Machined RPD dice sets will consist of seven (7) dice: 4d 6d 8d 10d 10%d 12d 20d They will be offered in seven (7) different materials: All Precision Machined RPG dice will be produced at 125% of the typical standard size. We will also be producing Precision Machined dice made from all of the materials listed above. These dice will be precisely balanced and the markings will be laser etched for a crisp look and ultra balance. These dice will be machined with the same exacting tolerances as our RPG dice. All Precision Machined RPG dice sets will be machined from solid raw materials to exact tolerances down to .001 of an inch. The markings on the dice will be done using a meticulous laser etching process to ensure precise balance and minimal reduction of material. Precision Machined 20 sided die Brass 6 Sided Prototype Laser Etched Prototype 20 sided die prototypes The Precision Machined RPG dice will be coated with a clear coating which will protect the dice but allow the beauty of the natural metal to shine through. This clear coating is especially important for the bronze and copper dice as those metals tend to tarnish over time. Each die will be precision machined from solid material for the truest balance possible and tolerances to .001 of an inch. A Precision Machined Case We have decided to make a Precision Machined case to store and protect the one of a kind RPG dice sets. These cases will be machined from solid material and can be personalized and laser engraved. The cases will be fully lined with padded felt. The images below were taken of the initial prototype case. The case interior measurements are 4.25" x 3.25" x 1.375" (before the lining). The case can be powder coated if you desire, we will send the color choices to those who pledge for the rewards that include the case. Thank you for taking the time to look at our project. Please look over the rewards we have available in turn for your support of the project. We really appreciate your support and help in bringing these one of a kind Precision Machined RPG dice to production. We really appreciate the opportunity to show you what we can do. Thanks so much for your support.