Red is a low-budget psychological thriller that will be shot in San Francisco and released worldwide. Starring Jodelle Ferland of Silent Hill and Claudia Christian of Babylon 5, the film is the debut feature effort of Films by Neptune, a dynamic new production company based in San Francisco. Red will be distributed by RSquared Distribution. The Film Based on the classic fairytale Little Red Riding Hood, Films by Neptune's Red follows teenage Rowan as she moves to San Francisco to live with her grandmother. But when unforseen circumstances force her to stay in a hotel instead, she tests her newfound independence out in the city, falling in with an older man who seems too good to be true. Are his intentions for her good? And if not, can she get away before it's too late? The Cast Leading our cast as Rowan is Jodelle Ferland, star of Case 39 and Tideland, and recently featured in Twilight: Eclipse as the vampire Bree. Claudia Christian also stars as Marlena, a woman with a mysterious connection to Rowan. Joining Jodelle and Claudia is James Russell, star of 476 AD and festival hit short film The Crustacean Crisis. The Crew We have a fantastic crew of experienced Bay Area filmmakers working on the film, including Ben Einhorn and Wes Warfield on camera, Randy Hall on sound, Rachael Bell handling production design, and Alex Neil heading post-production. Our writer and director is Danielle Colman, and our lead producer is Benjamin Yennie. Why should I support Red? For starters, "Red" is the finest example of independent film at its best. Our shooting budget is tiny, but our cast and crew are world-class. We started with a fantastic script, and that drew together a talented and dedicated team of actors and filmmakers, each of whom is bringing a unique voice to the production. Every crew member has spent hours and hours working - so far for free - to give "Red" the level of detail and richness that it absolutely deserves, and it's poised to be an unforgettable experience on screen. More importantly, "Red" deals with an incredibly relevant social issue: the issue of trust, and how that trust can be betrayed. The lead character, Rowan (played by Jodelle), has to navigate a difficult new city in which no one is quite who they appear to be, and when she mis-judges whom she can trust, she finds her life hanging in the balance. The mis-use of power and abuse of trust is something that real people go through every day: in fact, during our last Kicktarter campaign, one of our crew members found herself in a situation very close to what Rowan experiences over the course of the film. We want "Red" to be more than just an entertaining film: we want it to be a story in which people with similar experiences can find an honest, respectful portrayal to which they can relate, and a cast of characters who can give those experiences voice. How Kickstarter Works Kickstarter is a platform for filmmakers and artists like us to raise funds from our audience: people like you. Anyone can pledge to the project, and in return we keep you informed about our efforts, and send out incentives and rewards once the money is raised. You can pledge any amount you like: for $1, you get access to exclusive updates from the cast and crew, and for $10,000, we'll fly the director, producer and a limited-edition DVD or Blu-ray of the film out to your location for a private screening party. In between, we're offering downloads of the film, special edition DVDs and Blu-rays, and replica production art, props and costumes from the film itself. Have a look to the right to see what we're offering at different pledge levels. Promotional buttons, available at the $7 pledge level To help out, click on the amount you'd like to pledge, and Kickstarter will guide you through the process of selecting your reward and setting up your payment. Your card won't be charged until the end of the campaign, and only if we raise our goal. For more information, have a look at the Kickstarter FAQs. SPECIAL REWARDS Rowan's and Marlena's gowns from the party scene, each available at the $750 pledge level. Designed by Roman Voytko Barosse. In addition to rewards ranging from signed posters up to a personalized premiere party, we're also offering a limited number of special rewards, which will be actual items used during filming. Keep an eye out throughout the campaign for these unique rewards! Isn't $25,000 kind of low? Is that enough to make a feature film? In order, yes and sort of. $25,000 is only a fraction of our full budget, and it's not enough to make the whole film. But what it is enough to do is take care of a few key things that will persuade our other investors to come on board. Firstly, we'll be using the money to attach an actor to the lead male role and round out our amazing cast. We'll also use the money to kick pre-production into high gear, so that by the time we get to shooting we'll be ready to put something truly incredible on film. What happens if you don't reach $25,000? Absolutely nothing. You don't get charged, we don't send out the incentives, and we go back to more traditional methods of trying to get the film financed. Unfortunately, that makes it anyone's guess whether we'll be able to get the film made at all. What happens if you raise more than $25,000? That's the real question, isn't it? $25,000 is only the very beginning of what we need to make this film, but our last campaign told us that we have enough fans to make that goal. If we can succeed at that early in the campaign, then we want to use that success to push ourselves to raising even more money for the film! Once we get close to $25,000, we'll start adding stretch goals so you can see exactly what we need to progress with different parts of making the film. The more we raise on Kickstarter, the less we have to raise from investors, and the sooner we can go into production! Links Find out more by going to the following links: "Red" on IMDB Our homepage Our Facebook page Our Twitter