Hi guys, we're so happy you stopped by! Thanks to your help we will be able to make Ringbow a reality and revolutionize the way we use our touch devices. IGN - "definitely worth it" Robert Scoble - "I want one!" Mashable - "Ringbow will bridge the gap between touch control and accuracy while gaming" Pocketgamer - "you should check out the new "next-generation" gaming peripheral" Engadget - "Ringbow promises directional pad-assisted touch gaming" Joystiq - "solving the "pesky touchscreen D-pad" crisis" Geek - "the perfect compliment to touchscreen gaming" Gizmag - "take the best bits of a computer mouse and a gaming joystick and puts them into one device" So I guess Ringbow is a ring? Ringbow is the world’s first wearable accessory for touch devices that provides the functionalities of a mouse, keyboard and joystick simultaneously with your touch. Ringbow transforms touch screen gaming, allows remote control of your operating system, applications, music apps and presentation tools, allows you to operate and answer your phone remotely and turns your device into a multi-user or multi-player platform. Since touch screens are controlled with fingers, a finger-worn tool, specifically a ring, is the natural choice for complementing them. Operating Ringbow with your thumb, in conjunction with using a touch device, enables countless new features and a much more efficient user experience. Ringbow multiplies the functionality of your finger together with allowing amazing simultaneous actions providing powerful capabilities and layers of functionality that are simply not available in today’s technologies. Operating the ring with your thumb while using your finger to touch a device provides powerful capabilities and layers of functionality that are simply not available in today’s technologies. Ringbow multiplies the functionality of your finger together with allowing amazing simultaneous actions. Ringbow lets you free your fingers from your device, leaving your hands available to do whatever you feel like doing: eating a sandwich, drinking a beer, high-fiving your buddy or stroking a puppy. Whatever you'd choose to do with your hands! Ringbow innovates touch devices’ gameplay, offering unique additions to existing mobile games as well as developing new games that couldn’t previously be played on touch devices. Ringbow also makes porting consoles games and PC games to mobile devices easier than ever which can be done without affecting and damaging their great experience. Ringbow in a nutshell; * the world's first touch-screen gaming accessory * a comfortable ring that you wear on your finger whilst gaming * adds layers of functionality to each touch * acts as a mouse/joystick device to use for gaming * builds a new platform for existing and new games AT&T FOUNDRY & RINGBOW - We collaborated with the AT&T Foundry to explore the potential of Ringbow. Take a look at how they envision the Ringbow device - <url>’s controllers. This allows for an intuitive gaming experience and a sense of tactile feedback which greatly enhances the user experience. Ringbow works on Android, iOS (coming very soon) and supports any Bluetooth enabled device. It works natively with the operating system and with a large variety of existing applications, although our mission is to provide users with brand new cool features. To do that we've partnered with some leading game developers so that Kickstarter supporters will receive a package of exclusive games with their Ringbow. We also hope that you’ll use our API to enhance your own apps so we can add them to our games and apps directory. Ringbow offers a D-pad style controller, communicates via Bluetooth and lasts 5 hours per charge. The Ringbow box includes: - The Ringbow game-ring accessory device - Micro-USB cable for charging - Ringbow control panel application for Android & iOS devices - Game package (see below) including games that were especially designed to support Ringbow, native control of the operating systems and a list of many games that naturally supports Ringbow and works automatically. - Developers kit includes the Ringbow APIs and plug-ins, technical support, creative guidelines and 24 hours assistance from our team. We plan on shipping the product in time for the holiday season. This very first Ringbow model is described as a gaming accessory but it can do much, much more. You can use Ringbow for remote browsing while reading; to correct misspelled emails; to act as a remote control for your TV; to answer phone calls while driving; to transform your tablet into a gaming console for your kids; Back us and you'll be among the first to get your hands (or should we say fingers!) on a Ringbow For the last 2 years we have been researching the concept of Ringbow and developing the product. We’ve built a number of working prototypes in a variety of ergonomic designs, conducted an impressive commercial pilot with AT&T and recently completed the final Ringbow design and we are now ready to manufacture it for the masses! Prospective partners, distributers and users have recognized Ringbow's great potential, but in order to take the product to the market we need your help. Your support will allow us to establish a production line, manufacture the product and expand our games and applications offering so that Ringbow users will enjoy a new and exclusive experience. The funding goal represents the costs of tooling, plastic molds, product certifications and additional software development. KICKSTARTER BACKERS WILL BE THE FIRST TO RECEIVE RINGBOW DEVICES ALL OVER THE WORLD. We hope you find Ringbow a powerful and creative tool and hope that you choose to support it. We appreciate your help in spreading the word. Thank you! Engadget demo: <url>’s ‘Think Next’s’ top 20 Leading Technologies of the Future Winner of 2010 Mobile Monday Peer Award for “future potential” Ringbow Gaming Package All of our backers will receive the Ringbow Gaming Package which includes games designed specifically for the Ringbow functionality, and special editions of games that have been enhanced by Ringbow thanks to the special features of our device. The Ringbow Gaming Package includes so far: - Vector Runner Ringbow Blast: The highly popular Vector Runner by Littlegrey Media receives a boost with the new Ringbow features that introduce new skills for your runner, such as jumping, shielding and bonus combos available only in this Ringbow version. - Elastic Ocean: From Sebastian Janisz, a.k.a. Ultimate Walrus, the developer of featured indie games like Lackadaisium and Snake 2 comes this amazing action-adventure game with an incredible variety of new game mechanics to explore. Play as Lil' Winston the tiny deep sea diver, graduated from SDA (Stretchy Diver Academy). It's time to prove yourself by plunging into the depths of the ocean on a four-year search for sunken treasure. Bring back something valuable and maybe you'll prove to everyone once and for all that you can be a Stretchy Diver if you want to! - Ringboy: Jock is in love with Myra, the prom queen, and rudely kidnaps her. Albert, also known as Ringboy, sets off with his magical ring to save the prom queen and become her prom king. Control Ringboy with your Ringbow while touching everything to solve puzzles and test your reflexes. Completely interact with the wonderful environments that make up the Ringboy world. - Kingdom Elemental: The Ringbow Wars: From Chronic Logic comes the new episode in this action-packed strategy game, where you can finally enjoy full control of the battlefield on your touch screen device. Issue advance commands and enjoy special weapons and powers with the Ringbow supreme gameplay. Game details may vary throughout the campaign, as we are working diligently on bringing you more games and including them in our free launch package for Kickstarter backers only.