Thank you to all our backers! We smashed it on day 1 :) Our Kickstarter campaign is now over, but you can still place an order for Sammy Screamer at BleepBleeps.com Check out the rest of the BleepBleeps family and sign up for updates on our website. Join the BleepBleeps journey on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @BleepBleeps Media enquiries: please email <email> - high resolution assets are available here: bleepbleeps.com/press Fancy working with us? We’re hiring! Email us: <email> Investors, distributors, retailers and potential partners please email <email> Everyone else hit us up on <email> we'd love to hear from you! Sammy Screamer is a movement sensor that connects to the BleepBleeps smartphone app. Stick Sammy on the stuff you want to keep an eye on - like a door, a bag, a kid’s buggy or your fridge. Use the BleepBleeps app to set Sammy’s sensitivity and volume. Then if your stuff gets moved Sammy screams and sends a notification to your smartphone! PLAY Sammy Screamer - features: Movement sensor with audible alarm Magnetised back and loop fixing Push notification to your smartphone Bluetooth LE - up to 50 meter range Adjustable settings on the BleepBleeps app Where would you use Sammy? Where would you use Sammy Screamer? Click to tweet or share on Facebook. The Smartphone App Use the BleepBleeps app to activate Sammy and control her settings. Select how loud you want her to scream and choose how sensitive to movement she is. Super-simple user experience: Universal iOS and Android: Rewards for backers Now we need your help :) We are raising funds to launch BleepBleeps and make our products a reality. Making hardware is hard! First of all we have to design the product and build the smartphone app. Then we have to source and pay for all the different components inside Sammy like the accelerometer and Bluetooth unit, the battery, the speaker. And we have to design and make our own unique printed circuit board to connect all the components. Then we have to work with a manufacturer to produce the very expensive tooling to make the plastic case. Then everything has to be assembled, shipped to BleepBleeps, tested and finally shipped to you. A complicated and expensive business. We've tried to be as fair as we can with rewards below. It's important to us that our backers pay a reasonable price. We've included free worldwide shipping on all rewards. And some of the lower pledge levels have fun free stuff like pin badges and t-shirts. And there's some early bird prices for our speediest backers! Stretch Goals We've made a great start by smashing our goal in the first day! And now we've unlocked Android at $30,000, the Universal iOS app at $40,000 and the Mini-lanyard at $55,000! Our final stretch goal was $90,000. We made it and have unlocked "Crazy Colour Countdown” and the new BleepBleeps Blue colour. You can now choose any colour combo you like in the post-campaign survey. That means whatever you’ve selected you can swap and change to get exactly the colours you want including the exclusive Kickstarter Green AND the brand new BBBlue colour. Thanks for making it happen! Sammy Screamer is the first device created by BleepBleeps. BleepBleeps are a family of little friends that make parenting easier. A bunch of cute, connected devices that help you get pregnant, give birth, look after your baby and raise your child. Each of the BleepBleeps characters has a face, a name, and a unique bleep bleep sound when activated, hence the name BleepBleeps! Meet the whole line up in this video or check out our website. PLAY The Design Story Our design language is inspired by the simple geometric shapes of kid’s building blocks with a sprinkling of Japanese vinyl toys and hat tip to the Alessi brand. PLAY Then we started showing people! Here’s Tom demoing Sammy Screamer to His Royal Highness Prince Andrew, Duke of York at the World Innovation Summit for Health in Doha :) Who is BleepBleeps? We are a small (but talented) multidisciplinary team that straddles innovation, branding, communications, new product development, digital, software/hardware development and user experience. We have extensive experience running creative businesses that build brands and ship world-class products that consumers love. Here’s the cast, in order of appearance: BleepBleeps friends and extended team A huge amount of people have helped us along the way - and continue to! Here’s our list of hackers, hipsters, hustlers (and His Royal Highness): Jessi Baker, BERG cloud, Michelle Bower, Peter Buckley, Matt Burniston, Linda Byrne, Diana Caplinska, Mark Cridge, Peter Hames, HRH The Duke of York, Greg Jarrett, Owen Lloyd, Felix Manley, Vibol Moeung, Cathy Olmedillas, Ronnie Renton, Shane Richmond, Tom Rogers, Al Scott, Jenny Scott, Lee Stickler, Amanda Thirsk, Emma Vanstone, Matt Webb. (Did we miss you? Gutted! Email us: <email>) Project Timings Thank You! Thanks so much for taking the time to find out about BleepBleeps. Please back us and help make our brand and products a reality :) Much love, Team BleepBleeps x