cnet - "The pen that can write in any color on earth" VentureBeat - "This smart pen’s ink changes based on whatever color you scan" IFLScience - "Pen lets you draw any color in the world" Daily Mail - "Forget crayons Multicolour pen lets pick colour draw 16 million shades" Gizmodo - "Scribble Ink lets users draw with colors that they find around them" Springwise - "16 million color pen can match its ink to the shade of any real world object" HuffingtonPost - "This Pen Can Draw Every Single Color In The World" Science Alert - "This pen lets you draw every single colour in the world" iO9 - "This Incredible Pen Lets You Write In Any Color You See" The Daily Dot - "The Scribble pen lets you draw using any color in the world" COLOR REPRODUCTION AND USE THAT'S SO EASY IT'S ALMOST LIKE MAGIC With the Scribble scanning and capturing any color is easy and fast. Simple hold the Scribble’s scanner up to any color, like on a wall, a fruit, a book or magazine, a painting or even a child’s toy and within a second or two that color is stored in Scribble’s internal memory. Once stored, that color can then be used to draw on paper (with the Scribble INK) or to draw on a digital screen (with the Scribble STYLUS) instantly. WHO CAN USE THE SCRIBBLE PEN? The Scribble is intended for anyone who needs access to a wide range of colors as well as the facility to easily and quickly reproduce any color.. Children will love the Scribble because it can create a myriad of different colors, completely replacing even their biggest box of crayons or marking pens. It will also let them instantly scan and draw with any color they see on any object around them. Artists, graphic designers, interior decorators, fashion designers, or anyone working with color in their professional lives, will be able to scan color from any product, surface or chart, and instantly reproduce the identical color, to be used either on paper or on an electronic device of their choice. Our nib set offers you a fantastic range of stroke weights. Choose from fine to heavy depending on your mood! We offer 6 tip sizes, 0.3mm, 0.5mm, 1.0mm, 1.5mm, 2.5mm and 3.71mm Those with color vision problems, homeowners and professional painters will find Scribble to be an amazing tool that makes their lives much easier with its color scanning ability. Any color can be scanned and reproduced, making color-matching a breeze and home / business painting much simpler. Both the Scribble Stylus and Ink can hold thousands of different colors and reproduce them exactly. The Scribble will literally replace a box full of crayons or marking pens and make color reproduction fast and simple for any project and application. The Scribble Pen and Stylus pairs with a mobile app to instantly sync every color you scan directly onto your iPhone, iPad or Android mobile device. Your colors become more useful when they are organized, tagged, searchable and converted to various color models. SCRIBBLE IS THE BEST COLOR – GREEN One of the most outstanding features of the Scribble is that, since it can reproduce any color, it replaces thousands of marking pens, thereby greatly reducing the huge amount of plastic waste cluttering up our landfills all over the world. It's easy being green with Scribble Pen WHAT'S INSIDE THE SCRIBBLE / TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS? There will be 2 Scribble pens, the Scribble INK and the Scribble STYLUS. The INK will be able to reproduce exact colors on regular paper. It features a color sensor, 1 GB of internal memory that will store over 100,000 UNIQUE colors, a rechargeable Battery, Bluetooth 4.0 connectivity, a Micro-processor and 5 ink cartridges. The STYLUS features are exactly the same as the INK, minus the ink cartridges as it is intended for use on a computer screen. RGB Color sensor 1-2 Seconds color capture time Very ACCURATE color reproduction Compatible with PHOTOSHOP Advanced Ink management system 1GB internal memory ARM Processor Micro USB charging Rechargeable Lithium-ion battery Bluetooth Smart (Bluetooth 4.0) Lightfast long lasting Ink Capacitive rubber nib & Harder finer tips for the STYLUS Nib set for the INK pen: Our nib set offers you a fantastic range of stroke weights. Choose from fine to heavy depending on your mood! We offer 6 tip sizes, 0.3mm, 0.5mm, 1.0mm, 1.5mm, 2.5mm and 3.71mm Supports iPhone and Android OS. Supports PC and MAC Program your own custom colors: Program your own dream colors via our Mobile App. You can add and draw without worrying about what is captured in the Pen sensor. CHOOSE YOUR COLOR HOW DID WE CREATE THE SCRIBBLE? We've been in the design process for two years and the Scribble has gone through various design changes to get it to where we are now, a working prototype that’s ready for use in home and business applications. Because of its small size we have created a number of innovations never seen before in the color reproduction industry. We are also always looking for feedback and opinions from our supporters and want to create a community of supporters as part of this Kickstarter project. We created Scribble for YOU and want you to be a part of the process! PROTOTYPE DESIGNS FINAL DESIGNS WHAT ARE REWARDS? THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT Thank you so much for taking the time to check out our Kickstarter Campaign and discover the Scribble. Thank you also for your generous support! Make sure to bookmark our Kickstarter page and check back often to see the progress of the campaign as well as the updated times for manufacturing and delivery of your Scribble.