A New Genre of Card Game Become a Magi, by actually learning your incantations in the language of Serpent's Tongue, then casting them out of hardbound Codices in fast 1-8 player Competitive battles and story-driven Cooperative campaigns. PLEDGING Continues at www.BecomeMagi.com - New Stretch Rewards Available! See us on the BoardGameGeek at <url>’s Pentahedron, and the Shroud of Nimith, Master level Founders and above will receive an obscure Master exclusive card, TBA. Founders Sigil - The lapel pin of rank denoting you as a Founder of Serpents Tongue. This will only be available to you Founder's. Other pins will be developed over time, but no one else will gain access to this brass cloissone. Final Art Upgrades - Approximately 14 more beautiful pieces, which will complete the artistic over-haul of the game we have wanted. Signed Codex Upgrades - All US & Canadian backers will receive Signed Codices for all levels above Awakened. International Founders will either receive Signed Codices OR enjoy more affordable shipping from drop ship points in Europe and Asia. Playtesting Kits for Founders - Participate in the final creation of Serpent's Tongue! PDF Print & Play Version of Serpent's Tongue. Download and print out the core set and a selection of the latest Obscura Cards, PLUS a printable prototype of the Codex. (Easily and cheaply folded and bound at any Copy Center) Participate in the final stage of playtesting in May and June and be rewarded with extras, ranks, and bonus cards for your feedback, insights and contributions. (We have added some cards, concepts and mechanics since our last playtesting program, not to mention the Prodigy Speaker Specializations and Antagonist cards that we are creating, which we would like to be tested with our newly formed Founder community.) The Founders have turned out to be so insightful, so passionate and creative that we want to bring you in as part of the team. Then reward you for your involvement. New Bonus Specialization: EVE SPEAKER. This KickStarter exclusive Specialization allows you and your allies to cast incantations beyond your normal abilities, while doubling or tripling your team's Resonance harvesting. Played right, this is an Ultra-Powerful card with incredible combo possibilities and synergies with other classes. 6 More Bonus Avak'Shar Ranks. (KickStarter Founders are going to be Stacked with ranks) 6 More Art Upgrades. (At this rate we will have the graphics overhaul that we have coveted for the past year, before the campaign even ends!) Digital Casting Timer. This reward upgrades all game sets from sand timers to this custom engineered, 'one-button-push', 30 sec / 15 sec timer with an audible alarm. (Yes it had to be custom engineered... who would've thought?) The gameplay implications are huge - through play-testing a digital alarm added 4 X the suspense and urgency to casting, and makes Serpent's Tongue much more mobile. Bonus KickStarter Unique Artifact - Dee's Pentahedron. This artifact has a simple activation cost, but Disrupts Focus as if it was a very high level incantation. Its only drawback is that it Disrupts Focus globally - so it affects allies as well as opponents. (And you) 20 Bonus Avak'Shar Ranks. (Average equivalent to 8 Inscription Packs) 16 Gorgeous Art Upgrades to the game. We are salivating over these pieces that we are arranging licensing for. Bonus Defensive Artifact - Shroud of Min'Ith. Featuring Art by Sandra Duchiewicz Initiates and above will receive this artifact, which exchanges Resonance normally used to level your specialization, for a strong and repeatable defensive ability. This artifact will only be printed this one time, and hereafter discontinued, keeping it a rare KickStarter unique card. 12 New Art upgrades. We will be improving many of the cards with extremely high quality art from world-renowned fantasy artists at each of the stretch reward levels. 6 Avak'Shar ranks awarded to Each backer. This is a fine start to cultivating your Authority. Read more about Avak'Shar Ranks here.... The Magi's Codex The hardbound faux-leather Codex represents the heart of the game, as it holds your Incantations, the cipher to cast them and provides the lore, secrets, maps and methodology used in the Cooperative Campaigns. The Rule of Thirty Three Each Incantation embodies a powerful encoded inscription, or Glyph. In the game world, the dweomers encoded in a Magi's Codex are necessary for holding more than one inscription at a time. A Master Magi's codex contains a maximum of 33 attuned inscriptions. Magi players have access to every inscription in their codex at any given time, no shuffling, no randomization. so they must choose their incantations well. True Magick Demands 4 x 6 We play-tested over 13 different sizes of cards until we came to the unanimous conclusion that 4 x 6 is the largest feasible size, simultaneously feeling like a whole page when its in your Codex and a jumbo playing card when its played on the table. There are over 200 unique incantations to build your Codex out of. Designed for Geeks like us AND the Rest of the World The mission was to create an immersive roleplaying experience that could be played with cards, without a GM and picked up by new players in less than FIVE minutes. We accomplished this by having Adept and Magi level incantations take quite a bit of time to master, (with massive power payoffs) while Apprentice level spells can be cast out of the box within minutes of explaining the Serpent's Key, a cipher that Decodes incantations on the fly. An easy to understand Etheric and Physical division of spell interactions make strategic choices simple.... in the beginning. While balancing rules allow Magi level players to have a real challenge taking on 2-3 Apprentices. The 18 Words of Creation Allegedly stolen by the 'Serpent' and given to Eve in the Garden of Eden as a set of Forbidden Knowledge and Power. The language of Serpents Tongue is an actual functional language, that players can master to gain access to the formidable Master level spells. The 18 Words of Creation combine into hundreds of use-able phrases. (Core Set shown is a playtesting prototype. Not shown: Hourglasses, Final Chip Set, 4 Sided Dice.) The CORE Game ($45 Pledge Reward) 2 Hardbound Spell Codex’s 140 4×6 Incantation Cards, Specializations & Artifacts PLUS 4 Inscription Packs (40 Adept-Level Incantations) 2 Focus Gems 60 Heavy weight clay Essence, Resonance & Will-Power Chips 2 4-sided dice 2 Ready/Interrupt Stones 2 Hourglasses (15 & 30 Seconds) World & Rule Book ‘Out of Eden’ Adventure Campaign Quick Start Tutorial & Solo Challenge 10 Encounter Cards (Random Challenge Deck) "The Gentleman Magi - a modern guide to magical etiquette" Insert. For More Info and Images of Components: www.BecomeMagi.com Click here For More Info on the REWARDS and Sets. A Stand Alone Trading Card Game? If you have played any of those Trading Card Game Hybrids like Fantasy Flight's "Living Card Games' then you know not very many of them are truly stand alone. They have been fun, dont get us wrong, but after you play them a few times you very quickly exhaust your options and need more cards and components. We designed the Core Set from the ground up to include everything you need to play Serpent's Tongue for years, with the option to expand it as you see fit. The Serpent's Tongue universe fits a trading card game model perfectly, with Magi scrabbling for more powerful and more rare incantations, and for the more serious players who want to go deeper into the game and deeper into the language. But we did not want any financial investment beyond the core game to be necessary to enjoy it. So we made a giant Core set for two players that can be played competitively or cooperatively. It can also be combined with your friends' sets for 8 player team battles or 4 player cooperative campaigns. How YOU Are Going to Help Serpent's Tongue. The game design, sourcing, marketing, story, and components, are done. We are fine tuning our packaging depending on whether we reach our stretch goals. We need to purchase about 2 dozen more artistic licenses for some of our cards, and are waiting on half a dozen more pieces from various artists. The Out of Eden Co-op campaign is finishing up.The bulk of KickStarter funding will go to actually publishing the game itself. Our projected ship date is now July 31, 2012. We Want YOU in our Story. We want to reward you as magnanimously as possible for pledging your support with game sets and components well below wholesale pricing, and unique Incantations, Artifacts and Specializations But we are REALLY excited to include YOU in the story of Serpent's Tongue itself. We have hundreds of characters making up the world and we plan on renaming each one with the names of our generous pledgers. (With some slight alterations depending on the time period and region. Brian Smith may need a bit of revision before he can pull off Babylonian.) Depending on the number of pledgers it may take a while, but we will eventually include EVERYONE. Your Design, Your Concept. For our higher tier Backers, we have left 2 dozen card slots open to not only include your name but your history and concept. We want to create incantations as if YOU were the historical Magi that invented them. Artifacts as if you were their creator. Started by 5 Brothers and Some Freaks This is us, 5 brothers that grew up playing Dungeons and Dragons since we were 5 years old. Plus 5 professionals crazy enough to jump on board. We have played and created a lot of games over the past 30 years but we finally decided to throw our hat into the professional ring with a game that took it a bit further than what we could find out there. Its turned into a true labor of love and we are quite proud and pleased about what our ever-growing team has developed. Its a blast, its deep, and its definitely a new type of game experience. Kicking it Forward Link Thank you in advance for any pledge you are awesome enough to help with, and thanks to KickStarter for creating a site where we can reach out to future fans of Serpent's Tongue.