Sever is your Anonymity restored! It's a Peer to Peer Network that goes far beyond the capabilities of Tor and provides you with optimized throughput for up to 10X your current internet speed. Sever™ is an embedded forced routing, peer to peer internet networking device with inherent DNS security protections built in, individual packet encryption, a data containment engine, and IP obfuscation capabilities. It's engineered to make what you do online private, faster, and untraceable! It's designed to work with your existing internet hardware and setup takes only minutes. Sever™ enhances secure network communications, secures wired and wireless devices and networks including mobile devices, PCs, servers, and other Internet Protocol based systems. We're also in the process of building a Sever™ App for your mobile device extending your protection, while away from home. This interconnection will provide security, anonymity, and malware protection wherever you are. Heads up! If you're an online gamer get ready to experience a disgustingly cool boost in network performance. Your data travels faster than theirs! Fight Villains with Sever™ the Anti-Villain Box What’s a Villain? A Villain is dirtball tracking you, hacking you, stealing your data or recording your cyber life, phone calls or otherwise destroying your personal privacy without your permission. It's time we evoke our rights to personal privacy, take back our anonymity, and manage our cyber lives. Plug Sever™ into a modem or connect wirelessly to your Wi-Fi router. Sever™ is designed to work with your existing internet hardware. It's very easy to use, you simply plug it in with an Ethernet (CAT5) cable between your modem and router. Or you can use Sever™ as a wireless router itself. Features DNS Security Dynamic Packet Encryption Randomized Port Dispersion Forced Routing Unique Peer-to-Peer Network App Store Benefits Makes you anonymous Secures your network Increase network speeds up to 10X No one can intercept your communication No one can track your online purchases Protects you from trackers Protects against crypto-lockers, malware, and bots Access the internet from any country Open Source The Anti-Villain Box is an open source hardware platform and an open source software platform. We developed a powerful dual development environment using state of the art mini computers capable of running multiple instances of linux. This is one sick open source development platform. Sever™ allows you to take advantage of anonymity code designed to auto encrypt and hide application payloads as a default. We’re opening Sever up to you, the world. So go invent amazingly cool things with it- get crazy - make stuff that no one ever thought possible with Sever™. Complete Anonymity Sever™ shreds your data into billions of tiny data packets, encrypts each one with a powerful new encryption algorithm developed to STOP villains dead in their tracks and keeps you, what you do and your data from those you don’t want to have it. Your Data is YOUR DATA Sever™ will not ask or expect you to share your data with us or anyone else. It is your data, it is your children’s data and it is your business data. Sever makes sure it stays that way. We’ve designed Sever with up to 10TB of SSD Flash memory. This means you can now do some pretty amazing things with your data knowing that your the only one in the world who can access it. Sever™ has built in data analytics. This means your can see your cyber life and do things with it that only you can do. Save money & time while understanding your cyber life like never before. All Sever™ boxes ordered through Kickstarter will have a numbered engraving. That means every box from Kickstarter is unique and a limited edition. Data travels in a whole new way Sever™ uses the most powerful peer-to-peer virtual networking technology ever developed! It's as un-hackable as we are going to get in today's world! Sever™ forces your data into small independent streams. Individual packets are encrypted and force routed on a powerful peer to peer network. The great thing about Sever™ is the person you're establishing communications with doesn't need one. Plug it in. Rogue Foundry…yep that’s us. “Onion" and "Apple" were taken so we went for something less edible. Not long ago in an office sort of far away, the spark that began Rogue Foundry exploded into the progress you see today. Though there was no loot filled treasure chests or space adventures there was a very real problem that still exists today in regards to the internet. Anonymity is not an option. Our entire digital life was recorded to be manipulated and used against us. Happily using the internet more and more since it came into existence, we were taken advantage of along the whole way. It left us thinking, where is our choice in all of this? There had to be a better way. We are avid technology users who were tired of clicking 'I agree' and telling ourselves who cares? I've got nothing to hide. Was it the end of privacy? Without a fight have we laid down our blasters and handed over our liberty? The beacons were lit, signals shined to the sky, and the message traveled quickly. Those who would stand up to create a change assembled. That is when Rogue Foundry came together and soon after, Sever™ was born. This technology was powerful but we knew that with great power comes great responsibility. Countless hours connected at the keyboard, working critically alongside one another, and founding a team that, with your help, will make Sever™ a reality. Rogue Foundry consists of leading experts in cyber security. Combined we have over 50 years of cyber warfare expertise in the worlds most sensitive networks. Sever™ will bring this type of protection to your everyday device use. We all share a passion for the subject but we vary in backgrounds. We’re a team of doer’s, developers and engineers who love to create innovative technologies that disrupt the the norm. Our vision is to create technologies that just work. When we say your anonymous, you're anonymous! We believe you have a voice in technology and invite you to join in the fun. Send us your thoughts, ideas and feature requests. We’d love to collaborate with you. To support our Kickstarter is the chance to be part of the community that changes history. Together we can finally make the internet safe again. It was an amazing advancement that brought information around the globe but has twisted into a corrupt environment that is degrading our personal privacy at alarming rates. By supporting us, together we will make the internet return to a place of learning and connection. Schools that require children to have access will be secure. Connecting to the internet at home will no longer be a concern. Supporting us will let you be a part of the Rogue Foundry team. The power of your data, complete situational awareness, in an easy to use box. Remember, Rogue Foundry is committed to developing disruptive innovations that empower people. That means you. So why not support us?