Your uncle, a general of the royal guard, has been fatally wounded. With his last words he urges you: "Do not take revenge." "Revenge?! For what?" you ask, but he is already gone. Beneath the bloody sheets you see several stab wounds through his tattered cloak. Clutched in his bloody hand is the deed to his vast land - signed over to you. Shining Empire begins with a mystery, and it will be up to you to seek out the truth. Remember when games didn't hold your hand? It seems like RPG's nowadays just send you from point A to point B to complete quests. Where is the adventure!? We're all about discovery. You'll be thrown into a massive world which encourages exploration. We're not just going to fill up your map with markers telling you where to go. So much of this game is setting you loose and letting you find your own adventures. So what kind of game is this? You begin with a huge plot of land you can build on. Create your own fantasy city and recruit an army. As you travel throughout the world, your army will come to your aide when a battle arises. Combat is massive. With hundreds of allies and enemies on each side, it's like Shining Force on steroids. Many games claim that your decisions shape the outcome, but only Shining Empire gives you the freedom to hold the world in the palm of your hand and decide the fate of humanity. As you grow in power you can become a destroyer or a savior. As you grow in power you will have the ability to kill anyone. Nothing in Shining Empire respawns. You can literally raze an entire town or kingdom. As you uncover the mystery of your uncle's death you can choose to punish those involved or even become their allies, betraying the memory of the man that left you everything. The land your uncle left you can be a quiet, quaint homestead for yourself - or you can turn it into a huge, bustling city. You'll have the power to build houses, shops, fences, piers for fishing, blow open mountains for mine carts, grow crops, chop down trees, craft furniture, smith, smelt, mix potions, etc. Animals are also plentiful, though you'll have to use your smarts to get them inside pens where you can breed them and collect their resources. Sheep are a great source of wool which can be used to create clothing - and powerful wizard robes and cloaks. All animals have the ability to lay eggs. Eat the eggs for powers, or let them hatch. Some will even be golden and give birth to incredible golden animals with special properties and abilities. As you build your city, you will begin to attract visitors based on the world you create. Piers will attract fishermen, shops will attract merchants, and training grounds will attract warriors. - Recruit them into your personal army to join you in battle! You also have great control over who is and is not allowed to visit your town. You even have the power to be a tyrant and be prejudice against your visitors. Shining Empire is set to be one of the largest RPG's ever created. With over 1,000 hours of gameplay, just completing the game will require around 100 hours of play. It's also a game that expands while you play it through Shining Empire Life. This is a server which is constantly updating your game in the background, adding new items, perils, and adventures. The world is huge, with hundreds of miles of terrain to explore. Most players will never see half of this game. The game presents you freedom to find your own adventures. Exploring will lead you to amazing new discoveries which can help you in the future. Did we mention the insane size of the game? Just have a look at the world map above. We've created a rectangle at the top to show you just how big Skyrim is in comparison. You could literally fit 3 Skyrim worlds inside of the Shining Empire map and still have some room left over! We've got some cool stuff you can get for being a contributor. Note that what you're seeing below (the shirts and DVD box) are simply mock-ups. The final DVD case will have a painting on the front and back. Building a game of this size is a huge undertaking. It cannot happen without your support. The more money we raise the better the game will be. We can hire more artists and get the game completed much quicker - and it increases the possibility for porting to more platforms down the road. Arcade County is a 16 year veteran of game development. Originally "The Digital Dilemma" releasing single player games on Mac, we turned into unFun Games in 1998 and released our first MMO (First Star Online) in the same year. From 1998 to 2012 we were known as "unFun Games", but decided to become "Arcade County" when we made the decision to only develop retro style games and apps. Our most successful product is Mario Paint Composer, which has over 100,000,000 views on youtube.