Introducing: SHOTBOX 2.0 The SHOTBOX is a Collapsible Tabletop Studio that uses high powered LEDs to create a perfectly lit “micro-studio” environment to get great images with any camera, including smart devices. Last year, Kickstarter helped us take this from Prototype ... Prototype Setup Prototype Usage ... To the finished, basic SHOTBOX: Basic SHOTBOX w/ SideShot Attachment LED diffusion strips for softer light: LED dimmer switch for perfect light control: Inside support ribbing that softens the light for better results: All of this helps you get the perfect stable shot with your smart phone or tablet! You can use any camera you own, and the SHOTBOX is particularly optimized for iPhones, Androids and other smart devices. The list of possible SHOTBOX uses is endless. Here are some popular options: Perfect for Office and Studio Use Any Hobby Could Be Enhanced by a SHOTBOX. Now, let's talk about the reason we are here ... The EXTENSION : PANELS PANELS set the stage for your creativity. Pick and choose background and floor sheets that take your photos to brand new levels of expression and showmanship. Simply insert the PANEL Base into your SHOTBOX and lift the back PANEL into place. Now choose your desired custom-sized Prints to build your scene. The base PANELS are magnetic so you can easily keep the back Print in place with the included magnets. Once the prints are in place, you're ready to stage with objects and props. This is where it gets fun. Let your imagination run wild! Impress your clients, customers, and friends with your unique creativity. Prints are custom-sized and we'll include 8 select images in the Essential Kit. Vote here for which Prints are included! We'll also include 4 rare earth magnets so you can create backgrounds of your own! Then you can take pictures like these with just a phone camera! PACKAGE OPTIONS Our History We came up with the idea when trying to figure out how to scan 12x12 scrapbook pages over 12 years ago. The concept has been stewing ever since. It's time to bring it to market. It isn't just for scrapbook pages, though. It's much, much broader in use. All of these samples are taken with a smartphone (Galaxy S4), but you could easily use a DSLR or digital point-and-shoot as well. Our Founder, Aaron Johnson, co-invented the Cricut Cutter and singularly invented the Basic SHOTBOX. He is constantly asking customers for feedback to finding new possibilities to make the SHOTBOX better. He has gathered a great team to ensure you get the best product and customer service experience possible: Get Your Project Funded Today! Get Cash Back on the Projects You Love! Thank you for your support! We can't say it enough. Thanks for believing in our team and for helping us make SHOTBOX 2.0 a reality. We can't wait to finish this project and get it into your hands!