What people say about Smart Mone Maker: — Bearded Meeple, Game Reviewer — Gerard van den Akker, One of my First Backers "(...) Smart Money Maker shows you how the real world works in a fun way." "Paying off my debts will be actually fun." "I really like how you not only play against your opponents, but also against the game itself." — Vincent Petruzzi, Instructional Designer "Smart Money Maker shows us that playing is actually the most simple and engaging way to learn something new." — Sally Brammall, Means of Change "A great idea for a game that could also help explain new economy concepts.." Smart Money Maker is a card game to illustrate the rules of the New Economy. It is based on a simple concept: everyone plays against the problems left behind by the old economy! The objective is to pay for all debts, taxes, loans and make investments to remain in the market. Smart Money Maker card game (photo: Danilo Franzini) Players have to collaborate: they receive a portfolio of cards that represent the New Economy models. The cards can be traded in for cash when they are used to pay off debts. After the whole deck has been used up, if all of the debts have been paid off by the players, the player who has the most cash wins the game. A collaborative card game for 2-6 players to illustrate the rules of the New Economy Despite the many opportunities to collaborate, it's possible that players won’t manage to pay off all debts. In that case, the game is the winner! Sharing with others, expressing our opinions, and joining a community are all actions that generate value. Smart Money Maker is a collaborative card game for 2-6 players of all ages (10-99 years old) to illustrate the rules of the New Economy! Laurence Humier, a Belgian-born, Milan-based designer and engineer, uses design to communicate social changes. Smart Money Maker (photo: Michele Silvestro) How to play? How was Smart Money Maker developed? Monopoly®, a game born in the old capitalist era, was based on the accumulation of money and goods. Since the economy rules have changed, Laurence Humier has designed Smart Money Maker to illustrate the fundamentals of the New Economy. In the old economy, value was determined by the market: the relationship between supply and demand determined the price of a commodity. In the new economy everything has been turned upside down. The US writer Kevin Kelly explained it in his book New Rules for the New Economy. Abundance determines value: the more one consumes, the less resources will cost. Production price approaches zero thanks to the digital sphere. Replication is just a click away. How does competition work in the New Economy? Connections have to be made quicker and volumes of data multiplied. Word of mouth is crucial to creating positive impressions among groups, subcultures, communities. People who know how to deal with the New Economy make and break news, and spread information about services and products. According to this model, a search engine like Google creates wealth with a stream of information just like banks generate it with a stream of money. The penny-wise who follow the rules of the old economy keep their assets out of circulation: earn low returns, pay taxes and run losses. In the New Economy, the one who moves their investments wins. Who is Smart Money Maker for? The game will be produced in English for anyone who loves to play card from 10 to 99 years old! What do I get? Smart Money Maker comes into a beautiful box that contains the 154 cards. The first edition is being offered here on Kickstarter and will be delivered in January 2016. If you live in Milan, save the shipping costs by pledging for the “Early Bird - Pick it up in Milan” reward. We will agree on a day and time for you to come by my office and pick up your Smart Money Maker deck, even a couple of days before Christmas. Who's the creator? Laurence Humier is a Belgian architectural engineer by training. She works as a designer in Milan, providing services and products in the field of industrial design, communication services, and education. Laurence debuted at an international level when one of her creations was included in the permanent collection of New York’s Museum of Modern Art (MoMA). In 2010, Laurence began work on Cooking Material, a collaboration with a chemical engineer, and the possible applications of “do-it-yourself types of matter” inspired by cooking recipes. She has organized workshops relating to this project at a number of respected institutions and events, including Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie in Paris, Espace des Inventions in Lausanne, and the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt Museum in New York. Following these experiences, Laurence designed a chemistry set for children called Alchemist Matter; it was funded via Kickstarter in January 2015. The apparent transversality of her research, her diversity of interests, and her international works are strong points within an activity devoted to a broad sense of design. Credits. Laurence Humier (project, graphic design, protagonist, and video director), Michele Silvestro (video maker), Marina Isgro (voice), Backercamp (campaign support). Acknowledgments. Thanks to all my friends for their support at the early stage of the project. Download the press kit. Follow me on Twitter, Facebook, and Linkedin. Thank you for your support!