Are you tired of having a ton of devices that just do one simple task? Well we sure were. That is where Soap comes to the rescue. Soap is your one device that will rule them all! If you think of Soap as just another router, well, then you need to think again. Seriously, it’s anything but that! Soap is basically next-generation smart hub that makes it possible for you to control every single aspect of not just your network, but your electronic devices as well. Think of it as your home automation hub, wireless router, parental control system, an internet security system and much more – all in one place. With it, there simply isn’t a need for you to worry about having to purchase additional software or go through endless manuals – easy compatibility, and safety are what Soap guarantees! Works with all your connected devices Running Android OS Powered with an ARM Quad-core Processor Latest 802.11AC WI-FI Speeds Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth 4.0, RFID/NFC built in Easy Parental Controls that actually work Virus and Malware Protection Touch Screen Display (Soap Touch Model) Because Soap is based on the popular Android operating system, Soap’s full potential is only limited to the imagination of the app developers. The possibility of Soap's future is limitless, we see a future where Soap can: Let you know when your kids leave the house Alert you if you dog gets out of the backyard Let you know if you dog is barking too loud Turn on your TV when you enter the room Turn on and off lights as walk in and out of parts of your home • Let you know if you forgot your wallet or cell phone before you leave your home These are just of a few of the many things that are possible with Soap. Touch Screen Router (should be called Rablet) with Android Inside! Same user experience at home or anywhere in the world. Get network notifications sent straight to your smartphone. Both Soap Essentials and Soap Touch pack a ton of great features. They both feature the same Android OS, Zigbee, Z-Wave, Insteon, Bluetooth, NFC connections and a lot more. The only difference is that Soap Essentials does not have a display like the Soap Touch Model. In order to navigate the Soap Essentials you can use it's HDMI port, the Soap App, or mirror it to another display. The other difference is built in storage the Soap Touch includes 32GB of storage and the Soap Essentials has 8GB. Soap Touch has a display Soap Essentials does not have a display ( use HDMI, or app to update) Soap Touch has 32GB of Storage Memory Soap Essentials has 8GB of Storage Memory Everything else is the same! PLAY Features – The benefits that you can gain by using Soap With Soap, you would literally get to manage all home automation equipment – even your auto door locks, webcams and more! It can even be used to manage your content security, and internet usage etc. Here’s a look into the different features that Soap has to offer: A majority of home automation systems that are available these days typically deem it necessary for you to hold extensive and expert programming knowledge. The worst part about them is that just about anyone can hack them – they aren't safe at all. On the other hand, there’s Soap, which uses the latest communication and safety protocols to allow you to control the garage, lights, locks and all other electronic devices around your place – easy access to your digital home environment is guaranteed! Through it, you would get to acquire all-inclusive home control solutions using: ZigBee Z-Wave TCP BLE Moreover, with its mobile integration features, you would get to acquire the unique ability to control your entire home automation over your smartphone. What good would that be? Well, let’s put it this way – if you are heading out for a while, there is simply no need for you to worry whether you've turned off the lights at home or not – if you've left them on, Soap is going to turn them off! With the countless devices that we have installed in our homes these days, setting up different parental control settings for all of them is at times simply out of the question. With Soap, however, you would actually be able to apply universal parental control settings over all connected devices, thereby making things a whole lot easier for you. Soap has what it takes to give you ample control over the content that your children get to view on the internet, block inappropriate content, prohibit access from unknown devices, and set particular time slots and specific websites that your children will get to access. The FlyPaper is an exclusive feature that allows for you to trap potential hackers who make attempts to invade your network. What the software basically does is that it creates an ‘artificial vulnerability’ area, which lures hackers into accessing your network. What the hacker doesn't realize is that s/he is now trapped. Not sure what the ninja mode is all about? Well, it’s actually a mode that makes it possible for you to browse the Internet while making sure that your network remains hidden from all other unconnected devices. What’s so good about it? The fact that it would be extremely hard for hackers to access your network! Want to keep an eye on what the other users on your network are up to? That’s easy! With Soap’s SpyMode, you would be able to see in real-time what users from your network are doing. Through Soap, you can actually stream their screen over its touch display! This way, you would be in a far better position to check on the content that your children are watching – you would also be able to prevent someone from gaining access to your personal data! This particular feature of Soap basically employs a variety of software so as to block malware, viruses, and phishing scams from accessing your devices. On the whole, it is a rather powerful ad-blocker that additionally has the potential to remove every single one of those annoying banners and ads that come up when you browse the internet –hassle-free browsing is exactly what it guarantees! Soap Mobile Soap Mobile actually makes it possible for you to control Soap from just about anywhere in the world through an app that is available for both the iPhone and Android. General Specs Quad-core processor 7” Captive touch display (1280x800) Soap Touch Only 2x USB 3.0 Real world, clocked speeds at Avg 80 mgs per Sec for NAS 8GB on board storage can be upgraded to any drive that connects through SATAII Soap Essentials Only 32GB on board storage can be upgraded to anything that connects through SATA2 Soap Touch Only 4GB DDR3 ram SD Card Expansion and Boot from SD firmware *Built in Battery (if stretch goal of 200k is reached) Router Specs 802.11AC: Latest WiFi standard that provides Gigabit Wireless speeds, and is around 4x faster than the current 802.11n. It is also 100% backward compatible with older 11a/b/g/n devices. 5 GHz Speeds up to 1300 Mbps 2.4 GHz Speed up to 450 Mbps Configure as an access point Simultaneous Dual Band Configure as a wireless bridge Priority Control Qos Web Filtering and Parental Controls Zigbee (2.4GHz) Z-Wave US, Canada, Mexico (908.42 MHz)* Z-Wave Europe (868.42 MHz)* Z-Wave Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong *(919.82/921.42MHz) NFC Gigabit LAN x4 Bluetooth 4.0 VLANS, Port Forward, Port Filtering, Firewall, DMZ, QOS VPN, Samba Server (USB Storage/Printers) DLNA Streaming, UPnP *Soap with no rope.802.11AC Wi-Fi WAN Connector (if stretch goal of 400k is reached) Wireless Security – WPA2, WPA-PSK (AES, TKIP), 128/64-bit WEP. AOSS and WPS push button setup options automatically configure secure wireless connection. Soap Prototype, Final PCB/CAD and What is Going to Change on the Final Design.... Our prototype is not the best looking device, but it does show our proof of concept. We want to make sure we are clear in explaining where we are at in the development process and what differences there will be between the current prototype and the final design. Below we have listed the core feature and what stage the prototype is at and what we plan to be different final design. As of now this is where some of the major software development as been done we have worked on and have built drivers for Android. PLAY PLAY Zigbee In the final design the Zigbee will be directly built into the board. As of now it is not built in and has been tested through a development Zigbee board connected through a USB interface. We have to work on the OS interface with this to make it more user friendly as of now it does basic controls but doesn't allow much range in macro and scene management. There are several third party apps that can control the Zigbee built into Soap but we will be working to have our own Soap OS app to manage this for Soap Automation. PLAY Z-WaveThe Z-Wave will also be built into the board and can be seen on the 3D cad file. We have a lot of OS interface development to complete which will make this easier to use then it is now. We have built drivers that allow for our current planned Z-wave module to work on Android As of now you are able to run some third apart Z-wave apps that will let you manage this. We will be building our own Soap automation app to manage this and allow control of the Z-wave module. PLAY BLEThe current BLE is functional and we have no plans to make any hardware changes. We will however be working to make this hardware easier to use through our Soap app. As of now you can interface the hardware through the stock android GUI and other third party apps. PLAY Wi-Fi Connectivity The WIFI 802.11AC chip set is the same in our current prototype and it is the same one planned in the final design. We will be using the same Android Wi-Fi AP most users see on their phone but will be working to customize the interface for SoapOS for the final design. If we reach $175,000 in pledges we will be putting a different chipset into the design as we list in the stretch goal. If this happens we have more testing and OS driver development to complete. The current chipset that already has most the development done and is much more stable. As of now you can interface the hardware through the basic android OS Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi AP and many third party apps work with android Wi-Fi and can control it. PLAY NFC/RFIDThe RFID/NFC is functional on the Prototype but will also need OS development for the GUI. You can use the stock Android UI to interface with this but we are working to make our own Soap Automation system to make this easier. PLAY Mirroring Screen mirroring this is a common and functional feature on the Soap Prototype. Insteon This requires no hardware changes but will have to be approved by Insteon. To use Insteon in our prototype this requires interfacing through the current Insteon app. For the Final design we are going to be making Soap Automation app that allows interfacing with the Insteon connectivity a little easier. Current State of our custom PCB Below is the final production planned board. We actually had a couple but due to feedback we settled on this one! We hope you love it! Our planned 3D CAD file. We have not had this board created or manufactured yet it is only in the PCB layout and Design Stages but we have tested all the planned chipsets on our test board. We originally had a opensource board called Kosagi as our foundation for our final design but we changed this when cost was too high and it had to many features that we didn't need. We have now updated the project with our new and most recent design below which is not using any opensource source files to build (like a Altium from Kosagi) We have designed the board by using inspiration of all the boards along the development path. How we came up with the idea behind Soap – Let’s take a look! The concept behind Soap was rather simple – we wanted to come up with an innovative, all-inclusive device that could help simplify the lives of countless people who are not accustomed to the latest technologies and the complex software that they are based on. We wished to give people across the world a small gadget that would combine multiple features and capabilities, thereby making it possible for them to save not just time, but money and space as well while retaining all he benefits and features. The one thing that we acknowledged during the process was that the tablet interface is totally going to dominate the market in the upcoming years. For this reason, we deemed it best to employ this technology to our product with the touch screen. This is how we came up with the basic idea for Soap – the first all-inclusive, touch screen router in the world! The Process PLAY The Board The Process was interesting we initially started with something way different because the plan for Soap was something way different. That is way it began with a Arduino. We also tried some Raspberry Pi. Moving on, we changed directions and tried out the Beaglebone White – a small Linux computer that has the potential to run Ubuntu as well as Android 4.0. We decided to test the newer, smaller version called the Beaglebone Black with the Wi-Fi cape, but while it offered ample speed, its support and connectivity just couldn't match what its predecessor had to offer. On the other hand, the simpler setup and connectivity that it had to offer gave us a great idea – we’d connect it with a 7-inch LCD. Seriously speaking, this was the marking point for the development of our product. We then carried on with our search for a faster processor, which brought us to test the Minnowboard - an Intel® Atom™ processor based board. The downside? Too expensive, and couldn't provide us with the GPU support that we required. Our next turn was towards AMD processors, and we started off with testing Gizmo board. What we found was that although it had the capability of fast GPU and CPU processing, it didn’t provide AMD networking support, and well, it kept on getting overheated. The one thing worth mentioning here is that it was fully capable of running the Soap OS together with a custom prototype board, it still missed out on some vital elements. The next thing we did was to try out the Panda Board – one of the newest single-board computers around that is equipped with an ARM processor. Let’s not forget – it offers outstanding ARM stack direction too, and when combined with the 7-inch LCD, the overall expansion and setting were out of this world. But it had its drawbacks too – it continued to lack in overall networked integration, and was far slower than the AMD processor that we had previously tried. This basically led us to our last choice but not last pick – the Wand board. Not only did it seem on the rather promising end, it was extremely fast too. We finally got to acquire positive results while trying out the Quad core version. What’s best is that it ran smoothly even with the LCD adapter board. Love at first sight – that’s how we’d like to define it! It offered just the right amount of power that was needed for us to make use of a captive touch LCD – better navigation, slick look; just what we wanted! We needed a prototype baseboard that had most the features built in for testing. We decided we wanted a board that had a lot of the development done that allowed us to test more advanced chip sets and really let us get our programming started and this is why we moved to our final prototype board below. Our most recent testing and development has all been off the FRIENDLYARM board its a great development platform. Our final custom PCB doesn't base exact schematics from any of the boards we tested but it definitely uses them for guidance and has helped mold our choices of final parts. **WE HAVE NOT HAD OUR CUSTOM PCB MANUFACTURED YET WE DID ALL PROTOTYPE TESTING WITH A FRIENDLYARM DEVELOPMENT BOARD** ALL OF OUR PROTOTYPE TESTING WAS PROVEN ON A FRIENDLYARM Board...We love them :) Under the Hood..Yes that is orange thermal paste stuck on our board :) Another angle! LCD and Board Back side...This is what was under the lcd in the videos...that white cable is the LCD connection. The Look Soap design started as something very simple, and actually looked like a soap bar. Obviously it has grown in scope and design since then. Given below are a few images of our 3D printed cases for Soap: PLAY Here are some images of our 3D printed cases for Soap. Soap Mobile App The Soap Mobile app is in early development and still requires a large chunk of work to be done. We do plan on having Soap Mobile finished in the next few months. As the masterminds behind Soap, we are extremely interested in introducing Soap to Kickstarter. Why is that so? Well, for the simple reason that we believe that Kickstarter users are the early adopters, leaders as well as trend-setter that we need to help get our product off the ground, up and running! The major reason why we need your help is to improve Soap for we want to develop it to the point that it offers the finest software, hardware as well as industrial design. Your support is also going to help us with the production of the custom casing. In order to make sure that Soap gets marketed at an easily affordable price, it is necessary for us to place substantially sized orders. This is just what we require Kickstarter funding for! Rest-assured that all of us are extremely hardworking people, and with Soap, we are truly going to revolutionize the market! Thank you very much, and we totally appreciate your support! So how will soap make all of our dreams come true and come to market? With your help of course! So how is Soap so cheap? Is it too good to be true? Soap is good but there is not such thing as too good to be true! We have taken a loss lead price on the first early releases and this allows us to get some interest early on! We are able to get our parts at such a affordable price because of the companies that are working behind the scenes they are the missing link to the whole project and without their help we wouldn't be able to afford the parts at the cost needed for the price we offer. Also be aware that the final retail price is going to cost a great deal more! Yes, we are a small group of people with big dreams but we are capable, willing and ambitious. We have the right partners and the experts that are needed to complete this project. We have the correct supply chain and we have the right companies helping us grow into our shoes we have decided to wear. Soap is a device that we love and we hope you will give it a chance to earn your love too. We have written out our exact timeline further down the project. As for our inspiration? We want to give credit to other boards we have learned from and used to develop soap! GizmoBoard FriendlyArm PandaBoard Arduino(Yes we did start here we feel all good projects that need some direction should start here) Raspberry Pi Beaglebone Black Beaglebone white Kosagi <url>’s Android OS, and all core Soap Apps.April-June 2014: Finalize the Soap PCB for production April-June 2014: Finalize tooling for injection molding June 2014: Production Run of all early edition Soap devices June-October 2014: Soap Certifications July 2014: Early Edition Soap Devices ship. July-October 2014: Feedback on early Soap devices and software adjustments for final production run. October-November 2014: Ship finalized Soap devices PLAY Who we are – the team behind Soap’s development Alex Jones – the original brainchild for Soap, who is also the main software engineer. Alex has been programming, hacking, and experimenting with electronics since he was eight years old.He not only brings his knowledge of electronics he also brings a forward thinking mindset. Brandon Jones – the creative mind behind the project. Brandon has been involved with multiple start-ups and brings vast creative and marketing experience to the Soap team. Dave Tilton – he handles the everyday business aspects associated with the project. Dave brings a lot to the table.He brings his knowledge as a military and airline pilot and his many years of experience in the business world. The basic vision that we hold with Soap is to develop the sort of unity that is required to allow devices to work together, totally in sync with each other. This vision has opened up a complete new era in the world of technology, where we consider our devices as being a single group, all working along each other to deliver highly efficient results.