facebook.com/escargotny -- Update Video, Spixi Mockup #2 with iPhone 5 by Supplier, 10/29/12 10/29/12 Update: Spixi <3 iPad Mini, iPad 4 too! Our Supplier has confirmed they can make this possible. Apple's new iPad 4 and iPad Mini are charged with a new 12W power adapter- 5V, 2.4A. Previous iPads were charged with a 10W power adapter- 5V, 2A (discontinued by Apple as of last week). Using slightly bigger conductors in our cables will ensure your new iPads will get the juice it needs for charging at higher currents. -- To our Japanese Gigazine Readers- 私たちのキックスターターへようこそ！ -- On October 8, We surpassed our goal of $30,000 with 900 Backers! Watch the thank you video in the updates section. Now, Our Stretch Goal is $50,000- You guys spoke, We listened! "Spixi Power Cord Untangles Your Life" (Mashable) "Looking for a third-party retractable Lightning-to-USB cable? The Spixi...may be for you." (CNET) "...its convenient size and clean design make the product appealing." (25 Awesome Kickstarter Design Campaigns, Complex) "Let’s face it. Your phone’s power source sucks, it’s messy, unsexy and not-very-practical-at-all... Escargot’s got a solid solution." (ALLEY NYC) "Retractable, and a Jam Free cable? I'm so backing this project... And we can't wait to carry the Spixi on our website." (BiteMyApple) "Spixi's here to make this stress-inducing but fundamental accessory a lot more manageable...it's almost as if Spixi was specifically designed to ease the OCD in each of us. Oh yeah - it was." (GearHungry) -- Introducing Spixi™ Spixi is a new kind cable for smartphones. It is slim and sleek- unlike any cable you've seen before. Spixi features a unique, retracting 2-foot cable made from an eco-friendly thermoplastic elastomer (TPE) that is stronger and more durable than polyvinyl chloride, the commonly used material for cables. Because of TPE's superior characteristics, we can design a thinner cable without sacrificing quality and performance. Yes, we've heard about iPhone 5 Spixi comes in 3 different connector flavors: iPhone 5 -- 8-pin lightning connector WITH AUTHENTICATION CHIP iPhone 4/4S (and previous versions) Micro-USB (Android, Blackberry, Windows) The world's FIRST jam-free retractable USB cable for smartphones A high level of design and quality- is unheard of, in the retractable USB cable world. It's our pleasure to change that. How big is it really? Let's take a look. Product features A connector like you've never seen before The connector is sideways. This helps minimize the size of the design. Because the connector is oriented on its side, the chance for damaging the connector is greatly reduced. USB flips up, up, and away The USB connector folds away. This allows Spixi to maintain it's streamline design so it won't get caught with other items while you're taking it out of your bag. Stays in shape to impress you Spixi is slim. So slim that it will not interfere with the other USB ports on your laptop, so you- the user will never have to compromise. It's just slightly wider than your typical USB flash drive. Made for on-the-go The case is made of polycarbonate, similar to the macbook chargers. This gives protection to the cable when it is stowed and on-the-go. It will give users peace of mind, knowing that their cable is housed around solid construction. Let's talk AND charge Don't sacrifice freedom for portability. The popular emergency and short cables are great for certain situations, however, they put your phone in a paralytic state. Spixi's 2-foot cable is long enough to take calls or open apps comfortably, all while charging and syncing through your laptop. And here's how you can help We need to raise $30,000- to make Spixi come to life. The funds raised will be used to cover the tooling costs of the production molds. A rigorous effort has been made to choose the right supplier for this product. And we're proud to say, that we've found a good match. We've been in communication with Spixi's supplier for the past 6 months, and can confirm that the our high level of quality can be met. They make product for some of the biggest names in technology, so we are confident. The supplier is located in China and we have a planned visit in the coming weeks- very exciting! If funding is successful by November 1, we plan to ship in February 2013. Why does it take so long to make? We are all about transparency, so here is the breakdown: it takes 2 months to make the tooling, about 1 month to produce the units and address production quality, and an additional month for the products to arrive to our shores. So if tooling starts in November, we're looking at February to delivery Spixi to our awesome supporters! Design evolution We've come very far. From concept sketches to 3D computer renderings to functional and visual prototypes. Now we need the last push to bring Spixi to life, so we can put this really cool product in your hands. Spixi specs Dimensions: 2" x 2.25" x 0.75" (50.8mm x 57.2mm x 19.1mm) Cable Length: 2' (0.61m) Weight: 40g (White/Black Edition) USB 2.0 iPhone 5 Connector: 8-pin iPhone 4/4S Connector: 30-pin Android, Blackberry, Windows Connector: Micro-USB White/Black Edition Materials: Polycarbonate, TPE Limited/Angel Edition Materials: Anodized Aluminum, Polycarbonate, TPE We are really proud of our product, and that's why we have a patent pending. About the creator Spixi is created by Paul Yun, an engineer by trade and a designer at heart with five years of industry experience in getting products made with nothing but a napkin sketch. Paul has brought products to life for several Fortune 500 companies. Now it's his turn. Thank you for taking the time to hear our story. Let's get Spixi! *90% of the video was made on iPhone. No snails were injured in the making.