Super Arcade: Member-Driven, Modernized, Made-For-All Mike Watson here. I’m the owner of Super Arcade and I’m writing to tell you what my dedicated friends and I have in store for you. Get to know us Over the past few years, Super Arcade has become THE everyday place to go for fighting game tournaments, special events, and casual play. We’re recognized world-wide. Video game manufacturers like CAPCOM, NAMCO, and SEGA hold tournaments and location tests right inside our doors. Hundreds of faithful fighters show up every week to battle it out in offline competition. And we stream a great show over the internet for the people who live too far away to be here in-person. We’ve done our best to get where we are today. Help us become something better. Pledge now and preserve the arcade lifestyle for everyone that loves video games. UPDATED on 4/23/14: So here are our final stretch goals as we are now coming close to the end of our kickstarter campaign. Here is a list of what we will be aiming for: So we announced our first stretch goal a few weeks ago and we are about halfway in reaching our goal of getting a new outdoor sign. Hopefully we can get there soon and also achieve a few more. For the next goal we are aiming for $60,000 and will either purchase an Adam's Family or a Twilight Zone Pinball machine. Our next goal is $63,500 and will go towards purchasing a new double door commercial fridge. And for our final goal that is set at $75,000, we will be buying the holy grail of pinball machines "Medieval Madness!!" We will be making our final push during the last week of our campaign so stay tuned for a possible 24hr marathon stream and more content from Super Arcade! Introducing the new Super Arcade for 2014 and beyond: Member Driven, Modernized, and Made-For-All With your help, we’ll turn Super Arcade into the place where everyone can belong, feel comfortable, and be proud to bring their friends. Member-Driven We’ve had regulars for years. You may be one of them. You’re the ones who come to battle it out week after week in offline fighting game tournament action. We count on you. But we’ve never taken official steps to thank you. That changes now with a brand-new, swipe-card membership system. Become a member and get money-saving perks It’s easy. Sign up and get your card. You’ll get perks ranging from discounted venue fees for one day per week all the way to venue fee discounts for all events, ten percent off arcade stick parts, and unlimited casual console use. Here’s who should buy a membership We’d love for everyone to buy one, of course (and yes, anyone can buy one) - but they’re really made to benefit the people that show up one or more times a week to enter Super Arcade fighting game tournaments and use our consoles for casual play. Let’s talk about them now. People who play Super Smash Brothers Melee, Brawl, and Project M These fighters are well known for facing challenges with an attitude of: “Sounds awesome. Tell us how can we help”. If you didn’t already know, they raised $94,683 in donations for breast cancer research to get Super Smash Bros. Melee into the Evolution 2013 World Championship Series. If you’re one of these dedicated individuals, this membership is a reward for you. Super Smash Pass: $12.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all the Super Smash Sundays held in one calendar month. If you’re coming here to play every week, this membership saves you more than $7.00 per month in venue fees. People who play Super Street Fighter 4: Arcade Edition, Tekken Tag 2, Injustice: Gods Among Us, Dead or Alive 5, Virtua Fighter 5, Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Killer Instinct, Guilty Gear AC +R, and Blazblue Chrono Phantasma These players put Super Arcade on the map. Without them, we wouldn’t be here now. And because of them, we host multiple fighting game tournaments on two nights every week. Each night has a unique name. On Wednesdays, we present the aptly-named Wednesday Night Fights. On Thursdays, we host The Runback - an event originally named for those who wanted revenge for a Wednesday night loss. Both nights now feature their own games. Super Street Fighter 4: Arcade Edition, Tekken Tag 2, Injustice: Gods Among Us, Dead or Alive 5, and Virtua Fighter 5 are played on Wednesdays. Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3, Killer Instinct, Guilty Gear AC +R, and Blazblue Chrono Phantasma are played on Thursdays. If you’re a weeknight fighter, this pass is our way of saying thank you for all you do. Weeknight Fighting Pass: $24.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all instances of Wednesday Night Fights and The Runback held in one calendar month. If you’re coming here to play two nights every week, this membership saves you more than $15.00 per month in venue fees. People who play any console game we own If you’re someone that can’t get enough of what we offer when it comes to fighting games, tournaments, and casual play, we’ve got the real deal for you. Super VIP Pass: $39.95 per month This membership pass covers your venue fees for all tournaments (Wednesday Night Fights, The Runback, Super Smash Sundays), all Saturday events run by Super Arcade, plus free use of systems on Friday Night Console Casuals for one calendar month. You also get ten percent off all sticks, buttons, and anything else we carry in the store. VIP members can save over $60.00 per month in venue fees alone. Modernized We want you to feel comfortable showing this place to all the people you know. We want you to bring them here. We want them to enjoy every facet. And that’s why we need your help. Right now, everyone has to put up with worn floors, aging walls, a mish-mash of furniture, flickering neon, and a bathroom that looks and smells like a nightmare. And if you’re bringing someone along for the first time, you need to make excuses. With your help, there will be no more excuses. We will upgrade your gaming experience with rock-concert ambiance, tournament-spec furniture, a well-stocked display counter, new floors, and a bathroom that won’t kill you. Rock concert ambiance People will feel the vibe of Super Arcade before they drive into the parking lot or turn on the Stream. And when they walk through the door or watch the broadcast, the sight and sensations they experience will be nothing short of the best party ever thrown. Super Arcade will be alive with visuals and sound: Chromed concert-stage truss with lights. Killer PA Systems, and more. It’ll be the place everyone wants to go. Display counter If you’re wondering what’s wrong with the old one, well, it doesn’t contain the cool stuff like arcade sticks, parts, apparel, and more. We’re putting in a glass and metal enclosure that contains what arcade-goers need and want for better gaming experiences. Tournament furniture Tired of playing on pool tables covered with table cloths? Yeah. We thought so. Tired of having to push your way past people just to get to the counter? No kidding. Ready to see Armando get the Stream Station he’s earned? We certainly are. So here’s what’s coming: You’re getting more fighting stations. There will be 14 instead of 12. And we’re putting them down the center of the arcade. No more having to navigate between two crowds. Armando’s getting an integrated desk, cabinet, stream, and commentary command center. New floor Seriously, this floor tile is 89.5 years old (well, it’s actually 20, and that’s enough). Out with it. It’s time for a fresh, durable, acid-stain concrete design. New bathroom We fixed it once, now we’ll make it a place where people feel comfortable. No more stench. No more supply-closet feel. You’ll get things like paper towels, soap, toilet paper, not to mention a toilet that you might even sit on. Dynamic website We’re building an official website so everyone can see what’s coming up next and how to participate. It will be home to multiple stream channels, our blog, your membership accounts, and an online store where anyone can buy the products in our display case. Modernized for more than one reason Every person that walks in or logs in counts as one more reason to modernize. This major upgrade is for all of you that regularly brave the less-than-stellar conditions at Super Arcade. You dedicate yourselves without complaint. We want this dedication repaid with an awesome improvement that you can share with your friends. Made for All Super Arcade will finally be the place to bring your friends, family, and significant others - even if fighters aren’t their thing. We’re building a gaming experience found only in arcades: Drive with steering wheels. Play music with instruments. Perform on dancefloors. Shoot with guns. And battle with people next to you rather than miles away. Driving Games Initial D Arcade Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune Mario Kart Arcade GP DX Music Games GuitarFreaks V8 DrumMania V8 BeatMania IIDX Spada Pop N’ Music 21 Dance Dance Revolution In The Groove Light Gun Shooters Time Crisis House of the Dead Side-Scroller Multiplayer Games The Simpsons Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Alien vs. Predator Sunset Riders Pinball Street Fighter South Park Shaq Attaq Shmup Dodonpachi Radiant Silvergun Gradius Raiden Fighters Jet Puzzle Tetris Grand Master Challenge Super Gem Fighter Wall of Street Fighter Street Fighter Street Fighter II Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting Super Street Fighter II Turbo Street Fighter Alpha 3 Street Fighter III Third Strike Ultra Street Fighter IV (Yes. Really.) Sports Games Basketball Shooter (shoot real basketballs) NBA Showtime NFL Blitz Redemption Games Go for the plushies that you want to keep or give to someone special. Work the crane and get the prize. Beyond the Games Sometimes the person you bring is not into games at all. Of course we want to change that. And we figure continuous exposure to the fun everyone else is having may just bring it about. While we wait for that magic moment of the first quarter ever dropped into a machine, rest assured your person will be well taken care of. There’s a full compliment of snacks and drinks for sale. There are plenty of chairs in which to sit. We will, for the first time, have WiFi available to the public for only $3 a day. And, when console events aren’t running, the Tournament Furniture doubles as a place to get studying done. Your pledge helps everyone who loves video games All the effort you put in in now will come back to you and everyone else as years of one-of-a-kind arcade enjoyment. If you grew up going to arcades, playing on cabinets at the grocery store, and the game room and the bowling alley, you know how special Super Arcade really is - and you know how important it is to preserve the arcade way-of-life for generations. Your pledge helps to improve a viable business You’re doing more than making some far off dream a reality. Super Arcade is operational and we have customers. We need your help to make it better for them. We need your help to bring more of them in and make sure they come back. Fortunately, we’ve already got a lot going for us. We’re in the right neighborhood Super Arcade is in Southern California. People around the USA and the world know it’s mecca for video gamers. Famous players actually move here for the competition. On top of that, our exact location in Walnut, CA is prime for attendance. We are literally across the street from Mount San Antonio College and less than three miles from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona. These schools have a combined enrollment of over 57,398 students. They need to come here. Your pledge will help this occur. The surrounding population is interested, too. In a detailed Facebook study, we learned that there are 168,000 people between the ages of 18 to 38 inclusive that like the games and activities we make available. All of them live within fifty miles of us. Your backing will help us invite them over. Your support will help make sure that first-time visitors become regulars. And you will help our regulars become fans for life. We have a substantial web presence In order to exist at all, you pretty much have to be on the internet. And that’s exactly where we are. The amount of views our current blog receives absolutely stuns us. It’s heart-warming to know how many people want to read about how we’re doing. The view count is so high that Google thought we were cheating. They denied us monetization because they couldn’t fathom how a new blog got THAT MUCH attention. Your backing will help us direct that attention to our new website. We will put that web presence to better use Our current blog will move to our new site. And the traffic it receives combined with all the activity on the Stream Channels will benefit relevant advertisers. Your backing will make it easier to book digital space on our website, stream pages, and commentary green-screen backdrop. We will sell exclusive shirts and arcade stick parts on our website as well. We are networked in the video game industry If you’ve ever heard the phrase “It’s not what you know. It’s who you know.” - that describes Super Arcade to a tee. As we mentioned at the beginning of this post, video game manufacturers like CAPCOM, NAMCO, and SEGA holds events and location tests right inside our doors. People that work in the industry come in to play regularly. They want us to succeed and they support us every time cause it makes sense. This is our chance to earn more of their support. Because of that, we need YOUR support. Here is how the money will be spent Everything you generously pledge goes toward only the items listed here: Construction Floor Walls Bathroom Lighting Furniture Console Stations Stream Station Display Counter Chairs Games Every listed title we do not already have The Membership System Card printing Card Swiper Card Swiper Integration Programming Membership System Programming Branding Logo/Identity design Membership Card design Website design Reward Merchandise design Reward Merchandise Founder Cards Apparel Sticks Advertising Physical Media Facebook Commerce On our website In the arcade We can’t grow into something better without you. Please pledge generously. The rewards are nothing short of awesome. You’ll get the cool stuff listed on this this page and you will help preserve the arcade way of life for everyone. Thank you, Mike Watson