FOR INTERNATIONAL BACKERS, IT'S ONLY $10 EXTRA TO SHIP 1 SUSHIQUIK and ONLY $15 EXTRA TO SHIP 2 SUSHIQUIKs SO PLEASE GET 2! :) FOR THE OTHER PACKAGES CONTACT ME FOR SHIPPING REALLY NEED YOUR HELP! WE ARE ALMOST THERE WITH 3 DAYS TO GO!! WITH YOUR SUPPORT, I KNOW WE CAN MAKE IT, SUSHIQUIK STYLE! :) Hey there, thanks for visiting my page! My name is Brice and I'm an entrepreneur based outside of Washington, DC. It is my goal to help the world be healthier by rolling their ingredients, SushiQuik Style! So please, with your help, I can make it a reality! What is SushiQuik? SushiQuik is a lot more then just sushi, it's a lifestyle, it's a healthier way of eating. Whatever ingredients you like, you can roll them with SushiQuik. We designed it so that anybody can use it, even kids. Guaranteed to work the first time! One of the hardest things to do as a beginner is spreading the right amount of rice. Our solution, the training frame, which helps keep the nori sheet in place and measures the exact amount of rice needed. Spreading the sticky rice is also an issue, but with our non-stick paddle it's a breeze. Then there's the cutting of the roll without cutting your fingers, which is all solved by our SushiQuik Cutter. Before you know it, you'll roll like a Pro! Once you get the hang of it, you'll be able to make rolls without the training frame and in all shapes and sizes. Completely dishwasher safe! We wanted the roller to be super easy to clean, so we designed it to be completely dishwasher safe. We also designed the tracks on the mat to be detachable, so just snap them apart and throw them in the dishwasher, it's that easy! SushiQuik Complete Starter kits Designing the worlds best sushi kit wasn't enough, we also wanted to combine it with the best ingredients. So we put together an awesome Starter Kit, which comes complete with the following: 1 SushiQuik Roller 1 (2lbs) bag of premium sushi rice 1 pack of 10 delicious nori sheets 1 bottle of rice vinegar 1 very cool soy sauce bottle 1 tube of wasabi which taste as good as fresh 1 tube of ginger that also tastes great! 1 (8oz) bottle of roasted sesame seeds (trust me, this one lasts!) 8 pairs of chopsticks 8 rubber chopstick trainers, that help you get the hang of it! Add a super cool, easy to use 6 cup rice cooker for only $20 WE NEED YOUR HELP! We want to do more then just roll sushi, we want to change the world! We want to build a fun, healthy community around rolling ingredients. Obesity, and especially childhood obesity is close to our hearts, and so we want to reach out to kids and get them having fun rolling ingredients in a healthy way. The production costs for SushiQuik are high as it requires 5 different injection molds to make it, not counting the material for our first order and shipping costs. That's why we need your help! Also if we are able to raise enough money, we hope to build a life size version of the roller and set the world record for the biggest roll. We hope that this will help bring awareness to a healthier way of eating! Look! We even designed the end caps to be soy sauce holders! :) I WANT TO THANK MY TEAM! Getting this far would not have been possible without my SUPER talented team. They are all great individuals and I am honored to work with them! (and now for the free plug..... be sure to contact them if you need help with your project!) Website Design and Logo: Britt Dowell at www.bedesigned.co Product Design and Engineering: Bojan Smiljanic at www.smiljanicbojan.com and Frank Michaels at www.tradewindresources.com and Terry Traser at www.traserdesign.com Photo and Video: Kurstin Roe at www.roe-photo.com and Gaby Herbas at <url>