After the Kickstarter, please come visit at tightstore.com, and connect on twitter and facebook! Q: What is a TGT 1.0 vs. a TGT 2.0 A: The TGT 1.0 is a simple wallet made of rare high quality elastic. The TGT 2.0 adds a pocket made of fine Italian leather. Nothing should be bigger or more complicated than it has to be, which is why I first designed the TGT wallet in 2008. It fits smartly anywhere, and does not add unnecessary bulk to your jeans or your bag. REASONS TO SUPPORT: Using a TGT makes your pants fit better. A TGT is easy to find in your bag or purse. It's small in your pocket, and it's only as big as you need it to be. You can throw your phone in it to consolidate your pocket. Cards are easy in, easy out. To respect the silhouette of the butt. Christmas shopping. Done. Easy mailing. Easy gifting. You can jump in at $16! It's hard to make your wallet stand out, but a TGT stands out. It's so versatile, use your imagination to decide how you'll use it! They come in cute individual TGT packages perfect for gifting. Look at how invisibly it fits into a back pocket. Smart phone, meet smart wallet. The RPJ 1.0, featured below. The RPJ 2.0. Limited Edition Stone 2.0 Stone 2.0 with black leather. Limited Edition Stone 2.0 Limited Edition RPJ 2.0 THE PLAN The funds raised through this project will be used to produce the TGT wallet line, which includes ten different wallet styles, and uses seven different elastic patterns. It will help with the costs associated with a large scale production run, including ordering the necessary supplies. I am working with two different factories through a process of sampling and manufacturing in order to get the exact elastic I need, and am continuing my work with leather tanneries, die cut packaging providers, and label makers to order the supplies. I have honed the process of making these wallets for several years: sewing them, designing the logo, and creating packaging and labels, so the process of making a TGT wallet has been streamlined. To prepare for a large order, I have enlisted the help of a sewing house in New York City that has agreed to help prepare TGT wallets in time for the holidays. They have been helping fashion designers deliver heavily demanded products for years, so I'm happy to have them on my team. MAKING THE TGT Sewing is serious. After making countless wallets by hand in my living room, this production run will finally allow me to get TGT on the shelves of your favorite boutiques and stores. I am so grateful for the opportunity to share this with the Kickstarter community! A huge thank you to Waylon Thornton for the use of his song "Favorite Secrets"! This graph below is provided by CanHeKickIt. <url>