The Hydration Shirt - line drawings F.A.Q. 1. How much more hydrated will I be with The Hydration Shirt? A typical user going for a run, playing a sport or doing high-intensity training will be able to get a 40% hydration boost in as little as 20-30 minutes on a full charge when combined with The Hydration Shorts. HydraQore inserts extract your heat based on the intensity of your workout and level of exertion. 2. How does your technology work? The Hydration Shirt works off of timeless First Aid principles taught to emergency medical personnel of all levels by the American Red Cross. Emergency Medical personnel are taught to address temperature-related illness (hypothermia & heat stroke, as examples) by placing heating or cooling inserts over the Pulse Points at the Femoral, Brachial and Ulnar/Radial arteries. The Hydration Shirt works off of the same principle, but packages it in a form factor optimized for athletes and professionals in demanding environments. 3. Is this just like every other workout shirt? Not at all! What makes The Hydration Shirt unique are the Pulse Point Pockets which hold the heat-absorbing inserts in place where our bodies have a high volume of blood flowing close to the skins surface. These inserts absorb heat from your blood stream so your body doesn't have to sweat or breathe as intensely to dispose of excess heat. In turn, this keeps more water in your body, boosting hydration and nearly every other aspect of athletic performance with it: endurance, strength, mental focus and especially recovery. Of course, The Hydration Shirt is also moisture-wicking, anti-microbial, four-way stretch, and UPF 50+. It's amazing. 4. Is The Hydration Shirt available for both men and women? Absolutely! 5. When can I expect my reward? We expect to deliver your reward by May 2016. For those of you who ADD-ON the Christmas Delivery Package, you will receive your "tree ready" Qore Performance Trucker Hat in gift box with card by December 23rd 2015! The card is the placeholder for The Hydration Shirt gift which will be delivered by May 2016 at the same time every other reward ships. 6. Do you make anything for my lower body? Yes. We currently offer The Hydration Shorts as an ADD-ON for $50. Our customers universally tell us it is THE most comfortable compression short they have ever worn. The Hydration Short is 100% Made in America. 7. Where is The Hydration Shirt manufactured? The Hydration Shirt is 100% American Made. Not one single thread, stitch, label, card or inch of fabric comes from outside the Lower 48. That's right. Same goes for our HydraQore inserts. We do sell a NON-Qore Performance brand of hand warmer on our website and those hand warmers are made overseas. 8. Does the The Hydration Shirt work with "all" sports? Thus far, we've only had prototypes, but it's worked with about a dozen of 126 Olympic events we've tested to date. We're hoping to test the rest soon. Curling will be interesting. We also ran a mile in tactical gear in the middle of a Washington DC summer: <url>ºF/15.5ºC. This is a lot higher than the melting point of ice so your body will offload heat efficiently without your blood vessels constricting. The outer shell is a smooth and extremely strong and durable polymer that resists odor and bacteria. You can even keep them charged in your water bottle. 11. Will the HydraQore inserts break? We ran over them with a Ford F-150 weighing nearly 5,000 pounds and they didn't break. The video of the tests was really fun to shoot! 12. How many times can I recharge my HydraQore inserts? The inserts have unlimited recharging capability. When we say rechargeable, we mean it! 13. Do you have a patent? Yes. We have numerous Patents Pending. We will monitor domestic and international trade shows as well as multiple USA/International internet and brick-and-mortar retailers and resellers. We will protect our Patents / brands / images / retailers / resellers to the fullest extent of the law. 14. How do I know what size to order? We've provided both a Men's and Women's Size Guide above. Don't worry though, we'll send you a survey if the project is successful that will have all of the sizing info you need then too. Plus, we'll be here the whole time via email, live chat or phone to answer any and every question you've got! 15. I have to wear a uniform shirt to work. Do you have any products I can wear under or in addition to my uniform shirt without showing? For sure! The Hydration Arm Band was actually designed with that requirement in mind. If you need a long sleeve option, The Hydration Sleeves are for you. Both products are on our website: www.QorePerformance.com. All orders placed on our website during the Kickstarter campaign will ship out same day via USPS if received before 7pm Eastern Time. 16. Why does The Hydration Shirt have only two Pulse Point Pockets? The location of the pockets in our garments, and therefore the number of HydraQore inserts supported, is determined by two main factors: 1. finding an area on the body where you have a lot of blood close to the surface of the skin, aka your pulse points, and 2. that pulse point must be generally "out of the way," so that your range of motion is not disturbed during athletic activity. The Short Sleeve Hydration Shirt targets the brachial artery on both arms because it easily meets these two criteria, and in fact, is a quite efficient place to extract heat from the body. The Long Sleeve Hydration Shirt also targets this location, but has additional pockets and inserts located at the wrist which target the Radial and Ulnar complex.