Backers - Like our Facebook page and become a fan at BGG to unlock additional cards for the game! Check out the stretch goals! 2-5 Players, Ages 13+, 60-90 Minutes The year is 1123. A new count has arrived to oversee the surrounding countryside. As word spreads, people have begun to flock to the settlement. The time is right for Blankenburg to expand into a flourishing town. In the Builders of Blankenburg, you are one of many people working to build up the town and earn prestige in the eyes of the count. Prestige is earned by building structures throughout the town, but to do so you’ll need enough silver to purchase the proper resources with which to build. Pay attention to the citizens of the growing town. If you build what they’re looking for, you’ll have a steady stream of income. Builders of Blankenburg introduces the novel citizen track, an ever increasing populace who seek different places to live and work, while also serving to determine the length of the game. But beware, new events and visitors each turn can disrupt your best laid plans. Make your imprint on Blankenburg to become its most prestigious builder and earn the key to the town! We have taken to heart feedback from the first launch. The base game now features more visitor and event cards. Prices have been lowered for both the Master Builder limited edition and the Immortality packages. We have also added more variety in the stretch goals, including a double sided game board and upgraded silver coins. Who Dares to Build Forever? Enjoy this teaser video featuring a parody of Queen's "Who wants to live forever" that helps to promote the immortality packages that allow people to add their likeness to the game. PLAY Builders of Blankenburg requires players to pay attention to both their income and prestige. While prestige determines the winner, maintaining a steady income stream is essential to continue building and earning prestige. There is no set number of turns to the game. Rather, the game ends when the town has either no room for additional structures, or no room for additional citizens. Each turn consists of four phases: Bidding, Building, Income, and the Marketplace. During the bidding phase, the first player is able to select some resources, then rolls the resource dice to add others. All players simultaneously bid silver for the available resources, with first choice going to the highest bidder. In the building phase players use their resources to build structures based on the plans in their hand or the current communal plans. Each structure fits into one of four districts in the town, each of which is limited in size. You can also demolish structures to make room in a full district, to harvest resources, or to simply delay the end of the game. During the income phase an event occurs, a visitor comes to the town, and the citizens all pay to stay somewhere. By building structures that are in demand by the town's citizens, you can guarantee yourself steady income. Fortunes can quickly shift based upon the events drawn or the visitors who come to town. Many offer opportunity and benefits to the players, but some like an earthquake or the assassin can be devastating. The marketplace phase occurs at the end of the turn. It allows players an opportunity to purchase resources at fixed prices, but stock is limited and prices are not cheap. Players can also purchase new plans during the marketplace phase. At the end of the turn, empty marketplace stalls are replenished, new communal plans replace any that were built, and a new citizen is added to the town for the following turn. Want the full rundown on game play? Download the PDF rule book via direct download or from Board Game Geek, or view the game play video below for a one turn walk through of how the game works. Direct Download Board Game Geek PLAY Print and Play In addition to the print and play available for purchase that will be continually updated to eventually include all the same art as the production copy of the game, we are also offering a text only print and play to all backers. Once funding concludes everyone will receive the same print and play copy that we used for months to test the game early on. While it's not the prettiest thing ever, it lets you focus on game play, uses very little ink to print out, and is formatted to easily print double sided on normal sized sheets of card stock at home. This will ensure you have had time to practice and are ready to beat your friends when your fancy copy of the game arrives later in the year. Enjoy! Windsor Gaming Resource "The best Kickstarter prototype game I've played" Moe Tousignant over at the Windsor Gaming Resource wrote up an excellent review on Builders of Blankenburg. Please take a minute to check it out. Windsor Gaming Resource Review NVS Gameplays Part 1 - Initial thoughts and a run through of game play PLAY Part 2 - Overall impression of the game PLAY Play Tester Comments "This is a challenging game that requires you to think before acting" "Scales well with the total number of players" "The artwork in the game is fantastic" "You'll have to shift your strategy with every game you play" We have purposefully set our funding goal as low as possible, to ensure this game can become a reality. However, we hope for even greater success. Part of the beauty of Kickstarter is the ability to offer a number of stretch goals to make the game even more exciting, including a number that are exclusive to this first Kickstarter printing. Browse below to see some of the goals we can reach, starting just a couple thousand dollars beyond base funding. Feeling generous? Don't worry, if we surpass all the current stretch goals, we got even more ideas on tap to make Builders of Blankenburg truly epic. Board Game Geek is the premier site for everything related to the hobby. Help raise the visibility of our project on the site by checking out the Builders of Blankenburg page and becoming a fan. If we reach just 50 fans we'll add two more visitor cards to every copy of the game. Board Game Geek Like the game? Then like its page on Facebook. If we get just 250 page likes from people spreading the word about Builders of Blankenburg, everybody gets two additional event cards in the game. Pass it on to your friends. The more people who get on board, the more everybody gets. Builders of Blankenburg Facebook page If we can manage a measly grand past our funding goal, the game gets an additional two event cards, This will feature the deadly plague, plus another surprise event that will benefit all players. These events will be exclusive to this printing of the game. Visitors add a lot of uncertainty to the game, along with opportunity to jockey for position. Meeting this stretch goal will add the dreaded tax collector (not much has changed in the past thousand years) and another surprise visitor sure to delight the players. These visitors will be exclusive to this printing of the game. Strategies shift depending on your character for the game. Meeting this stretch goal will add two new characters, including the mysterious fortune teller. This is a Kickstarter exclusive and these characters will not be included in later printings of the game. While the base game is being printed by a top flight manufacturer and utilizes high quality components, meeting this goal will upgrade all cards in the game to a linen finish. This added touch will give the game an even grander appearance. Meeting this stretch goal will enhance the game with a double sided game board. The reverse side of the board will feature new artwork and special dual purpose plots. These are spaces that allow you the option of building two different type of structures there, expanding strategies around capturing district majorities. Everyone likes a family friendly game, but sometimes you have the urge to really stick it to the other players. The cutthroat cards are an optional game mechanic that allows for greater player versus player interaction. Why hope for a fire to strike the town when you are holding the arson card? Is this bid extra important to you? Play the corruption card to get an added advantage. These cards aren't for everyone, but will definitely change the flavor of every game of Builders of Blankenburg. Another excellent component upgrade. Reach this goal and the cardboard first player key token will be replaced with a metal replica of a real antique skeleton key. More characters equals more game dynamics, so we're adding three more to the game. Will you draw the money changer, who can exchange silver for gold and vice versa? If not, there will be other worthy new characters to select from. With quality art, these coins look good even if made of cardboard, but this stretch goal will upgrade the gold coins in the game to actually be minted of gold toned metal instead. Ambitious? Yes. Awesome? Definitely! If backers sign up for only about 1,000 copies of the game, this can become a reality. Another upgrade exclusive to this printing of the game. We heard you loud and clear. The most requested upgrade was for the silver coins to be made of something other than cardboard. Since these are the most numerous component in the game, an upgrade won't be cheap, but if we reach this Kickstarter exclusive goal it will become a reality. Depending on total funds raised, cost, and weight, the silver coins will be upgraded to either metal or plastic. Want to pick up an added copy or two of the game? Simply increase your pledge amount according to the details below. When the Kickstarter ends, we will send out surveys to to all backers allowing you to note any add-on copies of the game you wish to have. Extra copies cost $30 each for backers of a physical copy of the game. Shipping is free in the US, $5 to Canada or the EU, and later determined for the rest of the world based on actual postage rates. One of the things that Makes Builders of Blankenburg unique is that this is a collaborative project between the game designer and artist. Most games on Kickstarter utilize freelance artists. While many of these artists are very good, they are not invested in the game to the same extent as when they are a 50/50 partner. Liz Stephanoff has produced excellent quality work for the project thus far, bringing the denizens of Blankenburg to life. By supporting our project, you have the ability to become part of the game as well, adding your likeness to all copies in the current and future print runs. You can view a bit more of her art style and technique in the video below. PLAY What about shipping? Shipping within the US is free for all game packages. Shipping to Canada is an additional $10 and shipping to Europe is an additional $15. We will be using Canadian and EU friendly fulfillment services to avoid any extra fees to backers in those areas. We will ship worldwide, but blanket shipping prices are difficult to determine, so other countries will be charged actual shipping after the campaign concludes. We will do everything in our power to limit customs and duty to other countries, but we cannot guarantee it. Shipping charges to the rest of the world will be reduced by $10 each, to reflect a credit equal to the value of free shipping in the US. Most other countries will see shipping around $20 and not more than $25. Add on shipping for additional game copies is the same as the first copy. Why support now? The Kickstarter pricing with free shipping is at least a 30% discount to standard retail pricing. In addition, many items available through this campaign will not be available later, including the limited deluxe edition. Your support at this stage can unlock additional characters, visitors and events, plus upgrade components that will all be Kickstarter exclusives. Finally, this is your only opportunity to earn board game immortality by having your likeness used in the game. Why Kickstarter? The reasons to fund through Kickstarter are twofold. First, this allows us to reach a worldwide audience who becomes invested in the success of the game along with us. Secondly, it involves the gaming community in the creation of Builders of Blankenburg. Not only will some people be able to have their likeness used in the game, this creates an open dialog between the designer, artist, and consumer to ensure the final game is the very best product possible. What's next? We have a number of ideas on tap to expand Builders of Blankenburg. The Farmers expansion would allow up to six people to play, by adding an extra agricultural district and increasing the citizen track. In addition, it adds a new dynamic to the game with auctions of different crop producing fields, which pay out during harvest times. For fantasy lovers, we are looking at a cards only expansion called Wizards of Blankenburg. This would add fantasy flair to the game with structures and inhabitants from popular mythology. Also, certain structures would allow players to generate magic, and each wizard character will have a unique set of spells they can cast. If you're looking for more variety, there are also plans for unrelated games dealing with everything from worker placement to viking battles. Other Languages While Builders of Blankenburg features as many symbols as possible to cut down on language dependence, we do realize it's always nicest to have the official rules in your native tongue. To this end, we will provide translated copies of the rules on Board Game Geek for any language that generates at least a dozen backers. If we have around a hundred backers who share another language, we will include a printed rule book in that language with the game as well. All translations will also include a reference sheet that serves to translate the text on the character, visitor and event cards. Avatars