Update Nine: 9/22 Hours to go! Last Minute Rewards! Update Eight: 9/21 Come Joine Us for a Live Chat as the Clock Counts Down! Update Seven: 9/19 FUNDED! Update Six: 9/18 Introducing Star Power and Atomic Robo! Update Five: 9/18 A New Assist Striker Hint Update Four: 9/17 CHB Website and Backer Forums Are Now Live! Update Three: 9/11 Come Listen to Virt and Chat with us Live Tonight! Update Two: 9/5 Animation, Strikers and Music Update One: 8/24 More of You in the Game! Crisis Heart Brawlers: Clash at Otakon is a classic arcade style side scrolling beat ‘em up in the vein of games like River City Ransom, Double Dragon, Castle Crashers, and the TMNT Arcade game. Easy to learn and fun to play, CHB is chock-full of popular anime themes and internet memes. Gameplay features the classic arcade action of our favorite brawlers mixed with elements of modern two-player fighting games, all the while including the hilarious and nostalgic moments that we’ve all experienced at cons and watching our favorite anime. The initial game will feature 4-6 characters, 4-6 stages, and 2-4 player local multiplayer for PC and mac. With enough resources, we want to add online play, more modes (like VS play), more characters and stages, and release on other platforms, like consoles and mobile. Fight in familiar areas, like this scene outside the BCC! Our heroes are excited to attend the 20th anniversary of Otakon, their favorite anime convention. However, the evil mastermind Dr. V has found a way to make some of the most infamous anime villains into a living, fighting army, and he’s attacking Baltimore! Use all of the skills you’ve learned over the years of watching anime to fight the horde of animated baddies, and discover the secret of the strange artifact behind all this trouble: the Crisis Heart! Players fight their way through six stages, earning new abilities, picking up weapons and power-ups, and overcoming mid and stage bosses until they reach a final, climactic end-boss battle. You can play single player mode with the ability to swap in or “tag” a selected helper in a similar fashion to the Marvel vs. Capcom series, or multi-player mode where two to four players can team up or fight each other. Team attacks are available in all modes. The game takes players through a variety of environments, beginning at the Otakon registration line at the Baltimore Convention Center. Other environments include familiar Otakon areas and even take players through Feudal Japan, haunted castles, and outer space! This arena could be your final destination! Art by Robert DeJesus, TW Hord, Dave Lister, Jason “Crybringer” Robinson, Chris Niosi, Kevin Bolk and more Music by Eyeshine, Jake “Virt” Kaufman, DJ Cutman, Inverse Phase and more Voices by Johnny Yong Bosch, Cristina Vee, Kyle Hebert, Todd Haberkorn, and more Story by Dave Lister, Martin “Little Kuriboh” Piers Billany, Fred Gallagher and more Animated cut scenes by Rusty Mills, creator of Animaniacs, and his team at studio Kinate Lead Programming by Miguel Nieves of Dragon's Den Unlimited As big and amazing as Otakon is, their funds go back into making the con so much fun. Going through a traditional publisher is another option, but that won’t allow us to involve the community as much as we’d like. This is a game about fandom, and we want to involve you! We’ll be opening a website and forum to let backers contribute ideas and give us feedback as the game’s development progresses. Anyone whose ideas make it into the game will be credited as a designer! We’re very passionate about making this game the way it should be made, and with the community we hope to develop through Kickstarter, you can help us make that happen. We’ve never done a Kickstarter before, so we’re setting a modest goal and keeping the game’s scope under control by putting our focus on the features essential to making CHB so much of fun. I’d love to make a console version, but we don’t want to get too ahead of ourselves! =) After all, we’re asking you for your hard-earned money, and that’s not something we take lightly! The funds we raise will give us the resources we need for our programmers, musicians, artists and voice actors to do what they do best. The sheer amount of animation we’re packing in is going to require a lot of artists, so we’re bringing on some of the folks who worked on Skullgirls to make everything look amazing. The scope of this game will be entirely dependent on you. There’s so much we want to add to this game, but we can’t do it without your help! Rewards include digital and physical copies of the game, digital and print art books, prints and posters, T-shirts, digital and CD copies of the game’s soundtrack, original art, and even opportunities to hang out with the dev team, artists, voices actors and musicians who worked on the game. Some rewards will even get your likeness or a character you created into the actual game. Backers will also have access to the beta and finished games before the game’s street date release at Otakon 2013, and access to backer-only areas where they can watch and contribute to the game’s development. We’re overwhelmed and humbled by the response we’ve already received since CHB’s early debut at Otakon. We could never make a game like this without all of you. With your help, we can make this game as big as you want it to be. From the bottom of all of our hearts, thank you for your support. See you all in multiplayer mode!