Stretch goals: Subway: Achieved We have raised $3,500, and the underground subway system will be added to the cities. Just like the cities, these will also be procedurally generated. This will offer players the option to escape the overrun streets and take their chances in the dark underground. China Town: Achieved We have raised $4,500, and will be adding a second map type. This will offer players the chance to experience a newly styled city. The buildings will have an Asian style architecture, and streets will be more cramped. Map Editor: Achieved We have raised $5,500, and will be adding a map editor to the game. This will allow players to create their own custom cities to survive in. Additional Game Information: Zombies: Most zombies will be slow, but will travel in large herds and migrate throughout the city. There will always be a few special zombies that have the ability to run, to keep you on your toes. The only way to kill a zombie will be to hit/shoot it in the head. One bite(not hit) from a zombie will infect you. You will have to find medicine or you will die. Character Customization: Players will have the ability to create a character and edit gender, cloths, and basic features. If you don't want to create a character, you will have the ability to take over a civilian at the beginning of the match. Game modes: We are working on two main game modes as of right now. The first is "true survival", this is the hardcore mode. Players cannot respawn after dieing, and it will feature hunger and thirst bars, along with other features. The core game mode will allow players to take over any living civilian after dieing. All settings will be editable, so players can create a game mode tailored to them. Everyone that chooses the $25 tier or above, will also receive a free download of the soundtrack when the game launches. The Infection simulation is a multi-player first-person survival simulator. You and sixty-three other players are spawned in a randomly generated city, filled with hundreds of civilians and a single zombie. The infection will spread rapidly and the city will slowly turn to hell. To survive you must scavenge, build, and defend yourself against zombies... and other players. You will have to move through zombie infested buildings to get supplies like food and building materials, so you and your group can survive just a little longer. All players have a hunger bar, so you have to find or hunt all the food you can get. If you want to build, then your going to have to scavenge the materials to do it first. Defend yourself by building your own safe house, traps, and vehicles! Build your own safe house wall by wall. Just make sure nothing can get inside! After you build that nice new safe house, your going to need to defend it. Build lethal traps from trapdoors to flame throwing walls to keep zombies and other players out. There will be over 6 vehicles available to build, from motorcycles to helicopters! Defend yourself while moving throughout the city with heavy armor and lethal custom weapons! One bite from a zombie or one bullet from a player can end everything for you... unless you have heavy armor! Mix and match different weapon parts to create some awesome guns to survive with. We are Falling Island Studios, a small independent game development team. We are a group of guys that love making and playing games. Our goal is to make video games that you can just have fun playing, and be able to stay up all night playing with your best buds. Currently we are developing the game over the internet, because a few of us currently live in different states. We have developed a few small mods for games life Half-Life 2, Unreal Tournament 2004, and games from the Elder Scrolls series. We chose Kickstarter because until now, we have been fully self funded. And as a newly formed team, we don't have some of the tools and resources that are needed to make this game the best it can be. Software: Because we are a newly formed team, we don't have all of the tools and license that are required for a team. Also we need to pay for music license so we can include some sweet music in the game. Hosting: We want to be able to constantly show updates, news, and other items to the community. To do this we are going to need server space. Extra: Any extra money will be used to polish the game, whether it's sound effects, textures, or anything else that can make the game just that much better. The Game: If you pledge $15 or more, you will receive a digital download of the game with early bird access of one week when it is finished. Our expected release date is between September and October, but this is subject to change. The Beta: If you pledge $25 or more, you will receive access to the multi-player beta. We are expecting the beta to take place around June, but this is subject to change. The Poster: If you pledge $45 or more, you will receive an exclusive Kickstarter backer poster. The poster will be 17.30" x 11.25". We will contact you about shipping. These will be shipped out early February. The T-shirt: If you pledge $65, you will receive one of the t-shirt designs. If you pledge $100, you will receive the other design (or the same if you want). We will contact you about design, size, and shipping details. These will be shipped out early February. The Statue: If you pledge $250, you will get you very own statue outside city hall! We will work with you to create something truly epic. The statue will be modeled out and put into the game in April. Please support our Kickstarter! We need your help to keep our project going! Spread the word! We need all the help we can get. Thank you for taking the time to look at our Kickstarter and hopefully pledge.