ELEMENTS, by ALIEN INK Earth: Some of the wildest things in life, have been pollinated by many sources of inspiration. Seeds of ideas grow creating something that could only exist in its moment by pulling from the strengths of what came before. Fire: Early animation from Disney inspires Osamu Tezuka to make Astro Boy. Astro Boy inspires artists to create and develop anime. Their ideas spread like wildfire through the imaginations of filmmakers and something as unique as the Matrix is created, igniting the imagination of the world and changing the game forever. Air: This deck started as a subtle breeze. Influences whispered in youth playing Magic the Gathering with friends; imagining the elements were at our command. It draws subtle style from the Magic the Gathering artists like Quentin Hoover, and the comics I started collecting when I was a kid. Water: All of this inspiration has flooded my mind, swirling within my imagination and now, formed from the solvent of all of these influences the Elements Deck is here. Jacks: Having recently acquired their power, they are quick to use it and are their element incarnate. Unrestrained and brash, their raw power shapes them. Queens: More refined, they personify the elegance and flow of their element's form. Nurturing of their powers and confident in their refined abilities. Kings: Noble and powerful, they have honed their powers and rule over their element with strength and force. "One-eyed-Jacks" and "Suicide-King" are included within the design. The Pips A lot of thought went into how to keep a strong resemblance to the standard pips so the deck is easy and intuitive. At the same time we wanted to craft them into a totally fresh experience following the theme of their element. Add Ons To make things simple you can combine any reward levels, (except limited rewards) together to create your own custom pledge. If you have any questions please feel free to ask and we're happy to help. In addition to combining rewards, you can add these amounts to your pledge to get these rewards. Mini Decks: $9 (+$1 Extra for Int. Shipping) Plastic Decks: $24 (+$5 Extra for Int. Shipping) Hangers: 5" x 7" Mini Metal Poster Add $4 for a hanger 11" x 17" Metal Poster Add $7 for a hanger 21" x 25" Metal Uncut Sheets Add $21 for a hanger The number cards For our previous deck, Galaxy Cards Infinity Edition we researched the function and form of a UI, (User Interface) a way of guiding the eye and helping make the visual experience clear and quick. GC:Infinity Edition Applied to this deck, these designs carry over as a subtle UI on the faces of the Elements cards. It also looks amazing in a fan and adds to the tribal feel of the deck. If you can manage a cardspin you're in for a treat. New Proposed Index Coloring! The Tuckbox With a subtle visual cue taken from the time-worn pages of spellbooks, the Elements tuckbox personifies the age and scale of the elemental beings that inhabit it. The front is our first Joker, the cardback opposite that, and the remaining 4 sides feature windows showcasing the 4 elements within. Bursting with color and style, this one is not to be missed. The Artist The style of this deck was extremely important. We wanted to capture the flow and line work inherent to each elemental style, (flowing lines for water, aggressive lines for fire etc.) while staying true to the original visual style idea. Since 2012 the search has been on to find the artist with the right inherent style and the moment I saw the sketches of our newest artist, I knew that he could bring it to life exactly as I had imagined it. With an extensive background in graphic design, Daniel Walker studies at SF Academy of Arts and is a welcome addition to the Alien Ink artists roster. His art has been featured on album covers, smartphone games and much more. The Printer This deck is a 500 deck print with Conjuring Arts / EPCC. They are well known for printing excellent decks with a cardistry and magic-ready slippery finish, including the 'EXQUISITE' deck. I have been in close communication with the owner, and we're ready to print. I support their goals and their decks are exceptional, with careful attention to making them cardistry and magic ready. The Stretch Reach Initial Goal: 500 Deck print! Reach 8k: 2nd Joker Revealed! To us, Jokers are no laughing matter. You won't find any dancing identical Jokers in an Alien Ink deck. Just unique captivating art cards that beg to be posters and explode off the page. You'll find an excuse to include them in your games and performances when you see them. The Metal Posters / Mini Prints / Metal Uncuts The metal posters are made of professional grade aluminum, and the printing process infuses special dyes into metal sheets. This means that the image is dyed IN the metal and not on it, making it incredibly durable, scratch resistant and the strong bright colors will not fade. The edges are smooth and safe. ALL Posters will feature Metallic Ink. You can add-on a hanger to your poster if you would like to (at a small extra cost, which is listed in the add on section above) and it does not need glass in front of it to protect the image when on display. The hanger is a fitting affixed to the back of the poster permanently, that will very slightly elevate the poster out from the wall, and provides a slot for the head of a nail to fit for easy hanging. LIMITED EDITION Royalty Print Thank You Thanks so much for even checking out this project! We work hard day and night to make this a fun and engaging experience, we know there are a lot of decks out there and we appreciate the time you've taken checking us out. We do our best to bring something special and unique to the world of playing cards and we hope you'll support that. So what do you think? I hope you ready to capture the ELEMENTS for yourself! This is our best deck yet so go and pledge for yours! Dedicated: I had imagined and designed this deck in 2012, and it's been a long journey to make it a reality. I've designed and printed 5 deck designs in the last 2 years, and I met the right artist for this deck only late last year. When this deck was finally finished, I decided to look up Quinton Hoover to let him know his great influence on my early artistic life and on the visual style of this deck. Sadly, on April 20, 2013 Quentin hoover passed away, and my heart sank when I learned that. I really wish I could have shown him what he had by proxy created with me. I'd like to dedicate this deck to him. There will be a special dedication thanking him for his contributions to games and art. This one's for you Mr. Hoover.