(Traducción al español aqui) - (Traduction en français ici) UPDATE 5: LAST DAY! CAN WE REACH 700 BACKERS BY END OF DAY? Five days ago we reached our original goal of $40,000, and we set a new goal. With one day to go, over 600 wonderful people have pledged. We are humbled by your generosity and commitment. With all this support, we feel inspired to not only to accomplish what we'd hoped, but to go even further - creating greater outreach for the film, and sharing it with an even-wider audience. Our new "stretch goal" is to reach 700 backers by tonight! Today, on the last day of the campaign, we offer 2 exciting new rewards: GABOR MATÉ PACKAGE- $60 A signed copy of Gabor Maté’s most recent book, the award-winning In The Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction (which played an important part in the development of the film´s underlying themes.) “Gabor Maté’s connections- between the intensely personal and the global, the spiritual and the medical, the psychological and the political- are bold and wise.” -Naomi Klein (No Logo, the Shock Doctrine). “Maté probes deeply into the life histories and psyches of his many patients... What emerges is nothing short of a revelation.” —Edmonton Journal. Signed book includes a dedication from Dr. Maté to the person of your choice. PLUS A SIGNED LIMITED-EDITION DVD OF THE FILM. ART PACKAGE - $300 3 beautiful high-quality prints from the film, signed by cinematographer Mark Ellam. Audiences have been consistently awestruck by the beauty of the film’s cinematography- Mark Achbar (The Corporation) called the Jungle Prescription “gorgeous, groundbreaking.” Avi Lewis (director of The Take) says “Mark paints on your eyeballs.” Own these meticulously shot and crafted images, signed by Mark Ellam (Sample images here: <url>“reasonable amount” as our goal. But the mission of this film - a film that now belongs to you - goes beyond what is ‘reasonable’ - to what seemed once ‘impossible’. Our attempt with this project is to change a form of thinking that no longer serves: to imagine a world where the most logical medicines & substances are applied to our most dire of ailments - specifically those places where Western medicine has fallen short. To you, the people who support revolutionary thinking, who wish to create change at street level- we now dedicate this project. With your help, the capacity of this film can reach beyond what any of us could have imagined. For this reason, we have set a new goal of $50 000 by Monday Jan 9 - and it seems attainable. We want to make this film as excellent and inspiring as it can be- and we need your help to do that. To re-visit our characters, commission beautiful music, and get the film out in the world, is going to take work and capital. This campaign isn’t over yet- we’ve got 1 day. And practically speaking, much can be done to help. Reconsider the rewards. We have new discounts available for every reward category. Send someone a remix cd of jungle cumbia. Get a book signed by Dr Maté. Let us take you to the Amazon! We have halved the price of the Jungle Expedition, now one pledge will take 2 people. We have dedicated much of our lives to this cause, and we’re proud to have this community along with us on the adventure. -Jero, Mark and Robin WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ABOUT US: Naomi Klein (No Logo, The Shock Doctrine) tweeted: "The Jungle Prescription, a transformative, beautiful film on addiction, needs help 4 final push. Rough cut is stunning." Mark Achbar (The Corporation) about the short version, "Like ayahuasca, words don't do it justice. What a fantastic, gorgeous, ground-breaking, jam-packed, important piece of work you and your team created. You've done the world a great service. This film in all its versions will endure and propagate far and wide, with real impacts on people's lives and public policy." Dennis McKenna (ethnopharmacologist): "Now this is a worthy Kickstarter project to support! I have pledged and suggest you do too! This is a possibility to change policy with respect to the use of ayahuasca in addiction treatment. support it if you can and tell your friends" ABOUT THIS PROJECT Ten years ago Mark Ellam, Jeronimo Mazarrasa, and Robin McKenna began to make a documentary film about what indigenous people know, and we have forgotten, about the most potent plants on earth. The Jungle Prescription tells the story of ayahuasca, a visionary Amazonian brew of indigenous origin and its encounter with the West, as played out through the story of two doctors. The first, Dr. Jacques Mabit, runs a legendary detox centre deep in the Peruvian jungle. The second, Dr. Gabor Maté, is risking his reputation trying to establish a similar program in Canada. Through the intimate stories of these doctors and their patients, we see how an ancient medicine causes cathartic, life-changing insight, and we witness the commitment of people who have devoted their whole lives to helping others applying this medicinal knowledge. The Ayahuasca Project is a labour of love developed over the course of ten years of research, with long periods of travel in the Amazon region. We have gathered an outstanding and unique collection of footage, stories and experiences in the complex and multifaceted ayahuasca world. We made a short version of the film for Canada´s CBC, The Jungle Prescription, and we ran out of money. Now we need YOUR support to help us finish the editing and final post-production of the feature-length documentary we set out to make. --- ABOUT THE FILM The film follows the story of two radical doctors and their patients. One is in Peru, and for 30 years has worked hand in hand with indigenous healers. The other is a doctor and bestselling author from Vancouver. He believes the medical system has failed us - by chasing symptoms instead of the root causes of illness. To help his patients - and benefit all of us- he is willing to risk his reputation and go up against Canada’s legal system. We follow Dr Maté’s attempts to help his patients, and the miracles and disasters along the way. We watch young, cocaine-injecting lovers teeter on the edge, and an aboriginal single mother with a decade-long crack habit reunited with her children. Meanwhile, Dr. Maté relapses into his own addictive patterns, and is forced to face the consequences, and to learn the true meaning of commitment. Along the road, we meet a Kurdish gangsta, a Catalonian pharmacologist, an indigenous shamanic powerhouse from the Putumayo, a shoeshine boy from Perú, and a very very angry wife. All wrapped around a mysterious visionary drink from the Amazon, outlandish rituals, purgative plants, tears, laughter, epiphanies, relapses, classical music, and the eternal human question: how to live. WHY ARE WE MAKING THIS FILM? We decided to focus our film on the treatment of addiction through the combination of traditional Amazonian medicine and western psychotherapy. We believed it was the best way to present to the world how ayahuasca affects people (as displayed by the dramatic process of change that the addicts undergo), while making a clear statement - the very same plants can be poisons or remedies, depending how they are used. We want to make a film that not only pays homage to the richness of indigenous knowledge, but actually shows an example of how it can be put into practice - and the mutual benefits this can bring, when the exchange is reciprocal. Since news of our documentary was made public, the Canadian government has threatened Dr. Maté with prosecution if he continues working with ayahuasca. This ongoing controversy reminded us why it’s so important that we continue. As we move towards finishing the film, the story continues to unfold- and we are uniquely positioned to tell it. WHY ARE WE FUNDRAISING? This film is a labour of love, and then some. After over a year in 4 countries and 3 continents, we spent all the money we had raised, and then we began to spend our own money in order to continue. We shot a beautiful film, but we spent all our savings making it, and went broke. Now we need your help to finish it. Your contributions will help us finish a feature length documentary: - Paying our super-talented editor. - Helping to pay the colourist, online, sound mixer and composer. - And contributing to the Amazonian communities that participated in the film. SOME REWARDS SONGS OF AYAHUASCA CD This CD has been specially compiled from our personal recordings. It includes our favorite vegetalista icaros from Perú, Yage songs from Colombia, hymns from the Daime and Barquinha churches in Brazil, and UDV chamadas. Nothing like it exists anywhere. The CD comes with a booklet with liner notes, pictures, and translations of the lyrics. THE JUNGLE INSIGHT T-SHIRT THE AYAHUASCA CONVERSATIONS BOOK We have collected hours of fascinating conversations with the world´s most knowledgeable ayahuasca minds, from shamans to scientists. This book is pack full with information you won´t find anywhere else. PODER VERDE! CD . A very special mix of the radio sounds of the jungle. A selection of Amazonian Cumbia grooves, mixed with real ads that travelling shamans broadcast in local Amazonian radio stations. Full of outrageous claims, reverb drenched voices, boasting DJs, and green grooves. Take a listen! . MAKE YOUR OWN / GIFT CERTIFICATE How does it work? 1 - Pick any combination of gifts from the list below. (of course higher value rewards are also available for combos!) --- 2- Pick out the Gift Certificate reward (or increase your pledge by the proper amount). 3 - Drop us a message with the your list of gifts. GIFT CERTIFICATE ONLY 4 -If you want us to send the rewards to someone else, in step 3 add also the the name, address,email address of the recipient. 5 - We will send that person a personalized email presenting the gifts followed by an envelope with handmade gift certificate with a dedication from you. (and of course, the presents!) --- More rewards coming soon! --- WANT TO KNOW MORE? The best way to keep up with the project is our facebook group The Ayahuasca Project official website The project´s blog