THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!: Thanks to all of you amazing backers, our album is funded, along with a coloring book, electric cello, podcast and more! Keep up with our progress in updates, on our website and on our mailing list—we have songs, monthly online shows, and more fun releasing all the time! Hello there, we're the Doubleclicks. We are two sisters who make music on the Internet. We like dinosaurs, cats and self-esteem. One YouTube commenter said it best when she called us "weird, charming, and heart-warming in a bizarre and yet adorable way." We tour all year, play at lots of conventions, host monthly online shows, release videos on YouTube through our Patreon campaign, and write songs. Many many songs. Nice to meet you! $30,000: The Album! Unlocked! Our next album is called "President Snakes." It's not all nerdy, not all folky, not all funny, but definitely a mix of those things. It's the most honest and personal album we've ever created. There is sadness and happiness and a cat or two. It's the next step for us and it is full of songs we are extremely proud of, many of which we have released online over the last year ("This Is My Jam," "Really Big Chickens," "Bad Memories," and more)—but the album will have polished-up, shiny new versions. Unlike our last two albums, "President Snakes" is going to be primarily produced and performed by the Doubleclicks, because it's honest and raw and very close to our hearts, and we want it to stay that way. We have learned a lot in 6 years of nerd/folk/music and we are eager to put that all to work on this record! Kickstarter helped us make our 3rd album, and helped Aubrey quit her day job. We are so grateful for this wonderful world of crowdfunding, where we are able to make the art we want to make and share it directly with the Internet. If you want to work with us to make this album happen, we would really appreciate it! $33,000: The Fiasco Playset! (The GAME!) Unlocked! This goal is UNLOCKED! Angela will write a playset for the game "Fiasco"—an amazing tabletop RPG with lots of room for role playing and SHENANIGANS and DISASTERS and DICE. The Fiasco playset will be themed around things we like and things that are in Doubleclicks songs. The playset will be available as a free PDF to everyone. $35,000: Coloring book first printing! Unlocked! At $35,000, we will be able to create a first physical printing of THE DOUBLECLICKS COLORING BOOK! The creation of these coloring pages was funded by our Kickstarter last year and includes art by John Kovalic (Dork Tower, Munchkin), Rebecca Hicks (Little Vampires), Molly Lewis and MORE! Since this level is unlocked, we have added a reward levels with COLORING BOOKS ($39, $69, $109)! If you don't want to change your level but still want a coloring book, we also have an add-on system! Just add $13 (USA) or $21 (International) to your pledge and you can get one of our neat coloring books! $37,000: More artists for the coloring book! Unlocked! We'd like to hire some of our favorite artists to add at least four new pages to our coloring book, relating to President Snakes, the post-apocalyptic turtle from "Now I Am The Fastest," and, of course, cats. Artists for this will include: Peter Chiykowski from the fabulous comic Rock Paper Cynic! Dane Ault of Monkey Minion! Natalie Metzger of The Fuzzy Slug! Jennie Breeden of The Devil's Panties! Len Peralta! And Chris Hallbeck of Maximumble and Book of Biff! $42,000: Electric Cello!!! Unlocked! Aubrey's cello is big. It is expensive to travel with. And electric cellos are cool. With an electric cello, we will have the potential for more touring range and less expensive touring. What does an electric cello look like, you ask? Well, depending on what we can get in stock, Aubrey's new cello will look like this: $45,000: Angela's New Podcast! Unlocked! I have been laying the groundwork for the past few months to create a new podcast where I play my favorite indie RPG, Fiasco, and other games, with my friends in the nerd and/or comedy communities. Right now all I need is a microphone, some software, a web setup and some time and I can make it happen! In exchange for your support of this album, we've put together some nifty rewards. It's our goal that our Kickstarter backers get the first and coolest versions of everything. Here is the breakdown so far: Digital Downloads: If you select a reward level with a digital download of the album, you will receive the option to download the album, over the internet, in mp3 or FLAC format (by popular demand!) The CD: Our CDs are printed by OasisCD, a company that aims to use recycled & sustainable materials to create "green" CDs. The album art will be created by one of our favorite artists. Doubleclicks USB drives: that's right, we have joined the 21st century! Nobody has a CD player anymore! The Doubleclicks USB drive will contain digital copies (mp3) of the new album "President Snakes" as well as our previous albums: "Dimetrodon," "Lasers and Feelings," "Chainmail and Cello," plus our EPs "Christmas Ain't About Me," "Beta Testing 1-2-3," and our all-meows April Fool's Album "Meowsic to your Ears." There will also be a couple never-released-on-CD "B Sides" tracks on there and some digital art and coloring pages. The USB drive is designed by Daz Watford, creator of our Velociraptor logo! T-shirt and Tote Bag: The new President Snakes t-shirt is designed by the wonderful ABBY HOWARD, artist behind The Last Halloween and Junior Scientist Power Hour. Shirts will be available in dark grey, sizes S-3XL "unisex" and S-2XL "ladies." You will be able to select your size (or a tote bag, if that's your preference) in a survey when the Kickstarter is over. Campaign Button: Some levels will earn a 1" President Snakes campaign button. Show your support for President Snakes, and also your support for our Kickstarter! This will be fun. WE INSIST THAT IT BE FUN! Coloring Book: At some levels, you can receive the Doubleclicks official coloring and activity book, a wonderful tome full of Doubleclicks-themed images created by our favorite artists! If your level does not include a coloring book, you can add on one by adjusting your pledge level to add: $13 (USA) or $21 (International.) After the Kickstarter, you will be sent a survey to fill out where you will confirm this order. If the add-on system confuses you, worry not—you will be able to add on the money later to get your book at this same price! Hand-Made Fabric Art Tote Bag/Throw Pillow: amazing craftsperson Katrina Keller is back again creating her unique fantastic designs just for this campaign! At the $85 level, you can get a "President Snakes" throw pillow or tote bag of unique handmade quality! The tote bags will be lined and approximately 8x10x3" with an appliquéd President Snakes design on the front. If there is a combination of rewards that you do not see available, please let us know and we can either add a new reward level or create an add-on system! Thank you!