Your support is key. Whether it's a virtual high-five, a social media share or support at levels that include receiving your own pocket-friendly Fred Water Flask, we thank you for taking part in our mission of "more water, less sugar." All supporters who pledge at levels that include receiving a Fred Water Flask will get our Kickstarter Limited Edition Box Set: one food-grade brushed stainless steel (or color coated) Water Flask, one extra stainless steel cap, one loop lanyard (for those who prefer to carry Fred in their hand), and two sweet foil-stamp water-proof Fred stickers (all seen below). Note on Colors: Different desktop monitors and smart phones display color differently. To be exact, the colors of the Flasks will match the following Pantone colors: White, Black 7, Orange 804, Army Green 5763, Light Blue 278. Kickstarter Pledgers get extras... The white, charcoal, orange, army green, and light blue Flasks above have a matte finish with the highest quality color coat available on the market - specifically designed for coloring stainless steel and offering enhanced durability. Below is an image of the same stainless steel Fred Water Flask with one additional element - plated Gold. 14 Carat Gold on the outside. Just 6 left (as of December 21 @ 11:19 am PT USA). Below is an image of the spout with the cap off. The spout is made from 1.5mm thick food-grade stainless steel to ensure it's comfortable and not sharp. "We’ve had an appreciation for what Fred Water has been doing up to til now, but after this video appeal for their new steel water flask on Kickstarter we are bona fide fans." - Rad Collector "The majority of water bottles won’t fit in your pocket no matter what kind of pants you are wearing and if they do fit they will likely end up leaking all over the place. The people at Fred Water know this frustration all too well and have created a solution—the Fred Water Flask." - Inked Magazine Our product designers and production managers have worked tirelessly to get us to this point. We have the final samples approved and the manufacturer is ready to go. The next step is your participation; reaching our goal funds the product launch and gets one of the very first Fred Water Flasks into your hands (or pockets, actually). At Fred, we're passionate about the healthy role water can play in people's lives. When you drink more water and less sugar, good things happen. And since we like to make good things happen all the time, we created a way to keep water with you wherever you go: refillable Water Flasks. Fred Water makes drinking and carrying water stylish and effortless, and we’re always thinking of new ways to achieve our mission of "more water, less sugar." Our team is super fortunate to have amazing athletes, artists and thought-leaders embracing our mission and we're excited to grow our community to achieve an even greater impact in the world. We decided Kickstarter would be the ideal venue for opening a direct dialogue with the community, gaining valuable feedback and securing the funding necessary to manufacture the first batch of Fred Water Flasks. In exchange for your support, we're offering the first Flasks for significantly less than estimated retail value. It was sunny when we took the photo, so relax about the sunglasses. Adam is the President and CEO of Fred Water. Before Fred he worked in communications development and brand design at leading agencies in the US. Today, along with Ariel and Heather Lourie (Fred's CFO), he manages and directs company strategy, operations, sales & marketing and product development. Ariel is the Chief Creative Officer of Fred Water and an Emmy Award-winning writer and director. At Fred Water and Something Massive, he specializes in brand design and high concept communications that shift the way people think about a category.