UPDATE: We did it! Unwritten continues at roxlougames.com Rock, Paper, Shotgun: "[Unwritten is] a game with pedigree, a well-run campaign and a fascinating hook – a game about travelling, exploring, storytelling and gods." Kotaku: "Unwritten looks like it could address a lot of the issues people say they have with narrative delivery in games, where choices made in a campaign don't seem to matter and the stakes feel too small." PCGamer.com: "Unwritten bills itself as a roguelike turn-based strategy game, but thematically it’s already offering something rather fresh." Website Facebook Page (be sure to "like" us) Twitter Google+ (+1 is one better than none at all) NOTE: In-game art assets aren't representative of final game. Important Kickstarter Updates Update #16: Unwritten Interview at Rock, Paper, Shotgun Update #13: New Art From "Waking Mars" Artist Amanda Williams Update #5: A Sneak Peek at the Gameplay of Unwritten Update #22: STRETCH GOALS! Update #21: Kickstarter "Add-ons" 3 Unwritten is a turn based strategy game for PC to be released in August 2013. Delve into a turn based strategy game with meaningful, permanent decisions Play as successive generations of a nomadic clan, passing stories and legends down through the ages Experience infinite novelty through randomly generated maps, units, abilities, and enemies Make decisions that become a part of your personal "story", affecting your ability to barter and ally with rival clans Make the trek to "God Mountain", a place of final judgement and potential glory Experience a rich, exotic world inspired by international traditions of story-telling Make your own game modules using the same tools the developer used to make the game The Story: The People, who name themselves after their leader, have their eyes on the mountain across the tundra. They winter in the spires, and summer on the salt flats, but today these places are at their backs. The People have met with the others, and have told them their stories, and the others have given them slaves, animals, and food, because the People are great. Which is now why the People have their eyes on the mountain across the tundra, the mountain where The God lives. The voice of the People is great, and they call to God Mountain, but the voice of the tundra is greater, with its quick-storms that reveal the wolves and its wide open spaces. The People begin walking. They will call out as they walk. They will tell their stories to those they meet along the way. They will do many things. They will gather more stories. And when they get close enough The God will finally hear them above the voice of the tundra. The People will finally be judged. The Game: In Unwritten the player creates and guides a nomadic clan on a one-way journey across a dangerous wilderness. It is a turn based strategy game with maps, story elements, units, abilities, and enemies that are all randomly generated. Along the way decisions (and death) are permanent, and each play session is unique. In-Game Concept by Amanda Williams Within the team we often call it "Sid Meier's Civilization meets Oregon Trail". It could also be called a "strategy rogue-like" since each area map feels a bit like a "dungeon" in the classic role playing game Rogue. However, in Unwritten you're controlling many units at once that share global resources like food and money. A World of Stories: A nomadic clan lives and dies by its ability to tell a good story. Without written language, this is how it passes its legacy on to the next generation and how it represents itself to rivals and potential allies. Ultimately the stories a clan tells are its entire identity. Unwritten's world is one of wandering, nomadic people, so it's natural that a central theme to the game is the oral tradition of storytelling. This can be seen most prominently in the game's artistic presentation. When creating a clan you choose a leader to represent you. These characters are inspired by story-telling traditions from the world over, including Indonesian story telling masks, Native American rattle sticks, Maori warrior shouts, Mongolian throat singers, and more. While much of the game takes place on an overhead map (in scale similar to a game like Civilization), frequently the clan will encounter "story events". These play out as though the clan's leader is recounting what happened on that day, representing the events through shadow puppets inspired by Balinese traditions. A Game of Stories: Story-telling is more than just the set dressing for Unwritten, it is a physical part of the gameplay. Each time the player makes an important decision in the game they receive a token called a "story fragment". These fragments are the history of the player's clan, and have both positive and negative effects on the clan's stats and abilities. Further, whenever the clan encounters a potential rival a "story bout" is initiated where the leaders of the two groups swap stories and thus their history. The fragments you've acquired directly affect your ability to ally and barter with others, a vital necessity out on the tundra. However, simply making choices that will win you friends has a catch. Ultimately you're headed to God Mountain, where your clan believes that their god lives and will soon hear your story and learn about your people. Will your god judge you by the same rules that govern the tundra, or will you be measured by a different scale? The Tools: Creating strong, efficient tools is a big part of our strategy for getting the game done with high quality and on time (see "Risks and Challenges"). However, it's also part of our dream to collaborate directly with the fans, which is why we're committed to releasing all our development tools with the game on day 1. This is more than just an afterthought. We factor this into the way we're designing and directing the game, making sure that everything we create has proper tool support and could accessibly be created by one, two, or three person mod teams. Since infinite variability and novelty is one of our core concepts, we feel this is more than just added value to those interested in trying their hand at creating game modules for Unwritten. This ensures that new ideas will be injected into the game experience long after its initial release. Roxlou Games was founded by Joe Houston, a professional game developer for the past 8 years. He most recently was one of the original core team members of Dishonored, the VGA's best Action Adventure game of 2012 and game of the year by many other publications. Joe is joined by industry newcomers Lee VanWallene (longtime artist) and Julian Culme-Seymour (trained musician), who bring an untainted perspective and enthusiasm to the project. It's this combination of experience, vision, and learning that makes Roxlou Games, and thus Unwritten, possible. What Will You Do With the Funds? The funds raised here are vital to making this game happen. We are just finishing our "pre-production" phase, but can go no further based on our own time and savings. These funds will pay the salaries of our team so we can devote our full attention to making Unwritten happen. Also, since Joe is a game developer by trade, without additional funding he will have to sign an employment agreement with another game company, which routinely prohibits working on other projects. In short, this is your opportunity to green-light an exotic, fascinating game that otherwise wouldn't get a chance. We're very confident in our ability to ship this special game (see "Risks and Challenges"), and we hope that you're excited about becoming a part of it. What if you get more than you ask for? (STRETCH GOALS!) We will of course be very happy to make Unwritten at our minimum budget. But if we get more there are some great features we want to add that we know our fans are going love. Unlocked at $100,000 - Mac and Linux Versions Just what it says, both the game and the tools for Mac and Linux. We want everyone able to play Unwritten, and to do so on their platform of choice. Unlocked at $125,000 - iPad Version The market for iOS games is tricky these days, but we want to make a tablet version of Unwritten simply because we think it will play great on the platform. Even if we don't sell a lot of copies, we just know that those that want to take Unwritten on the go will have an awesome version of it that just makes sense on the tablet. Note that we need extra money for this version because we only want to do it if we can re-design the game for a touch screen interface, making sure that it's the best-playing version of Unwritten it can be. Unlocked at $150,000 - Mod Community and Website We're already releasing the same tools we're using to make the game with every single downloaded copy. But we want to take this idea a step further and build a community website around posting, rating, and sharing the mods that you make for the game. This will add value for more than just those that want to mod the game: as a player you'll also have access to a whole host of free additional content, keeping our theme of "infinite variety" going on and on! Unlocked at $175,000 - The First Official Expansion, Chosen by You! While we're extremely invested in the unique world of Unwritten, we have many ideas that wouldn't fit in the game we're making now. From stranded Greek warriors making their way home (as in the Odyssey), to a modern exploration of assassins and mercenaries, we have many themes and places that didn't make the cut, but that we want to explore in official expansions to the game. And for the first expansion we want the backers to help us narrow down the field! If we hit this goal backers will be sent a poll to pick the theme, setting, and mechanics that will be found in the first official expansion. All backers (at any reward level that includes a copy of the game) will also get the expansion for free! Unlocked at $250,000 - Multiplayer We are often asked about multiplayer for Unwritten, and honestly it's something that fascinates us. We have talked about how cool seamless, asynchronous multiplayer (like that found in Dark Souls) would would be in the game. Maybe you encounter the ruins of another player's failed playthrough and can play back the last 5 story fragments they participated in. Maybe you can learn from their mistakes, or you might even scavenge from their memories. The possibilities seem endless. However, we also know that multiplayer is just way out of scope for our tiny budget. Extra money would make some of our "blue sky" features a reality, and would take Unwritten to a new, exciting level. We have a great list of interesting rewards to pick from. Details on a few of the specific rewards can be found below. The Art Book All the concept art from the game, bundled with developer anecdotes and behind-the-scenes facts about the search for Unwritten's unique visual style. Full color and formatted as a pdf for easy printing. The Soundtrack Available as a DRM free mp3 digital download to do with exactly as you like. It will contain more of the eclectic mixture of modern and tribal beats that you can hear in our Kickstarter video and in this sneak peek. The Strategy Guide Contains strategies, secrets, and behind-the-scenes facts about designing a game with infinite variety. Full color and formatted as a pdf for easy printing. The Poster You have your choice from the following designs, realized as a full color 18" x 24" print. All printed posters will also be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene! Design 1 -- Inspired by M.C. Escher's "tessellations", this design shows two sides of the perilous tundra with abstract style. Design 2 -- Detailing one imagining of the "real world" of Unwritten, this design is a great companion piece to the world of shadow puppets found in the limited screen print (below). The Screen Print We're excited about how this one turned out. It's a 2 color, 18" x 24", screen print on tan paper, depicting an ultra stylized version of our Balinese shadow puppet style. This is a limited run, so after we print this one batch there won't be any more. Each print will be numbered and signed by the team. "Add-ons" One popular request since we launched the Kickstarter has been for "add-ons", which is a way to customize your individual pledge. In order get an "add-on" simply increase your pledge the indicated amount above the reward you already selected. For example, if you're at the $15 tier and decide you want an extra digital download of the game and the soundtrack, you would add $10 for the game and $10 for the soundtrack, bringing your total pledge to $35. At the end of the campaign backers will be sent a poll asking them which add-ons they selected. We will then check these selections against the pledge amount and will make sure everyone gets their rewards. At this time we offer the following "add-ons": $15 -- Extra Printed Posters Requires the $100 tier "The People in Print" For every extra $15 add an additional printed poster (limit of 5 per person) Includes a high res/vector download of the poster art Your choice of poster design Each poster will be signed by the artist, Lee VanWallene $15 -- Digital Poster For every extra $15 add a digital download of the poster art Available at all tiers High res/vector download of the poster art, formatted for easy printing Your choice of poster design $10 -- The Digital Art Book Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the art book $10 -- The Digital Strategy Guide Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the strategy guide $10 -- The Soundtrack Available at all tiers below $70 (tiers at $70 and above already include it) For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the soundtrack $10 -- Extra Digital Copies of the Game: Requires the $15 tier "The People Who Walked" or greater For every extra $10 add one additional digital download of the game Provided we run a successful Steam Greenlight campaign, an additional Steam key will also be included