Straight ahead guys! Right in that grove of trees. A whole squad of Nazis! Platoon Sgt. Allen barked as he peered thru his binoculars, "And...and another squad in the brush to the right. We got our hands full today men...give it everything you got for 'ol Uncle Sam! Give me that radio Wilson, I need to warn Corporal Jenkins about those Germans in the brush." That setup is the basic premise for a quick, yet tension filled and exciting round of combat with the re-release of the highly acclaimed Up Front! fireteam leader card game system. You and your opponent are each in charge of a squad of men who have a specific objective to achieve. Whether you are charged with eliminating a majority of the enemy or you are trying to move a fireteam up close to the enemy without losing too many casualties there are many strategies to victory. The scenario variety of this system is what makes this game so different with every play and with game play under an hour you can fight multiple scenarios in an evening. You decide which nationality to play; how to divide your men into fireteams and which weapons they will carry. Next, don't forget to assign your Squad Leader and Assistant Squad Leader strategically to a fireteam(s). Also, make sure you have the firepower you need for each fireteam's strategy. Then use the action cards you drew to meter out that withering burst of firepower or move your fireteams into better terrain for their survival. Speaking of movement, it is critical to remember that taking fire when you're on the move can be very deadly. When advancing your men watch out for that marshy area and especially that barbed wire. This game has a tremendous decision tree which may cause you to change strategies with each firefight and almost constant player interaction. Even when it is your opponent's turn you're in need of plotting a response to their move. Did they just play a Fire 4 card on your weakest fireteam? Then it is time to lay down that Concealment Card to reduce your casualties. Whether it is your opponent's turn or yours...your men's survival lies within your hand of action cards. What will you do? Do you advance, retreat or lay down smoke? Do you sit quietly in that building you found and wait for them to make that daring advance or do you rally your pinned men and move Up Front! The decisions are all up to you, Lieutenant! Since each of the personality cards will have individual names and characteristics you'll even grow attached to your men. You know, like Wilson the Radioman speaking of Wilson..."Wilson, Wilson... where is that guy when I need him? No need for him to worry about the Germans; I'm gonna kill him myself!" Ok, so you may not grow close to all of them. Up Front! is a game for two players which can be completed in under an hour. The map is represented by the terrain cards you play throughout the game which means no two games are ever alike. In this revolutionary system, the action cards act as terrain, movement, fire, and results cards. Each nationality, per it's historical leadership tendencies, dictates a hand limit so which action cards do you use for fire or movement and which do you hold for that risky strategy you have been planning. The victory goes to the best decision maker under fire! When you sign up for this Up Front! action; just don't forget to bring along your favorite beverage as the tension will have you sweating "bullets." Recent Art Updates Click on the image to redirect to the update Update #36 Click on the image to redirect to the update Game Contents The base game will come with US vs. Germans and have the following; 31 US Personality cards 15 US Weapon cards 11 US Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 27 German Personality cards 18 German Weapon cards 17 German Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (Country Deck) Basic rules booklet including detailed step-by-step walk-through Advanced rules booklet containing the basic rules AND the advanced rules Two token sheets The Soviet Union expansion will contain; 28 Personality cards 21 Weapon cards 11 Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (Winter Deck) New standard winter terrain - Deep Snow New rules - Berserk and Winter Camouflage New optional rules - Human Wave Small token sheet The British expansion will contain; 26 Personality cards 15 Weapon cards 12 Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (City Deck) New standard city terrain - Alleyway, Booby Traps, Canal, Clock Tower, Obstacles, Rooftop, Rubble, Trench New rules - PIAT The Japanese expansion will contain; 28 Personality cards 18 Weapon cards 8 Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (Jungle Deck) New standard jungle terrain - Huts, Jungle, Kunai, Palm Trees New rules - Banzai Small token sheet The French expansion will contain; 27 Personality cards 15 Weapon cards 11 Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (Beach Deck) New standard beach terrain - Cliffs, Dune Crest, Obstacles, Palm Trees, Sand, Soft Sand The Italian expansion will contain; 33 Personality cards 21 Weapon cards 9 Armored Fighting Vehicle cards 162 Action cards (Desert Deck) New standard desert terrain - Dune, Escarpment, Hammada, Oasis, Ridge, Ruins, Sand, Soft Sand, Wadi ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- FREE STUFF All supporters who pledge $5 or more will receive the official “UP FRONT” cloth patch (worth $5). STRETCH REWARDS If our campaign reaches its funding goal, we will start adding Stretch Rewards that will be given to all supporters who pledge at the "PVT" tier or above. Here are a few that will be coming immediately upon the campaign reaching its goal: $192,500 - Alternate Cower Replacement Cards $230,000 - Medics and Minesweepers $240,000 - Alternate Weapons (these are the less commonly used weapons but allow for some more accurate reenactment of specific DYO scenarios) $270,000 - Heavy Mortars