Mashable, Engadget, AndroidAuthority, NeuerDings, GeekyGadgets, PhonesReview, SlashGear, TechnologyTell, GearMoose, TechnaBob REWARDS LIST ONE RECEIVER REWARDS: TWO RECEIVER REWARDS: The Battery pack add-on also has a micro-USB port and can be charged either while connected to the receiver or separately. A NEW LIFE FOR ALL NEW AND OLD SPEAKERS It's hard to believe you can send audio to TWO speakers via Bluetooth at the same time. This is a functionality that has been requested in many blogs, forums, and projects throughout the years with no real answer. But it's true! CSR's TrueWireless Stereo technology makes this happen, and Vertus finally brings this technology to life in a form of two specialized Bluetooth receivers (One for each speaker) that if needed can also work independently to add full stereo Bluetooth capability to any single non-Bluetooth speaker, Headphone, or car stereo. TrueWirelessStereo DESIGNED, MACHINED, AND ASSEMBLED IN USA VERTUS RECEIVERS THE UNIQUE USES OF VERTUS 1 - SPREAD THE MUSIC Vertus takes any two Bluetooth or non-Bluetooth speakers to the next level. It can be used to spread out music in a room or an outdoor space for personal listening, when having a party or in any event music is needed in more than one place. 2 - MAKE A PORTABLE HOME THEATER SYSTEM Vertus also brings the possibility of having a mini portable home theater system by using two identical portable speakers. By doing this, it lets you listen to music, movies, games or any audio the way the producers want you to listen which is the true stereo form by having one speaker on each side. And to get it just right, a Near Field Listening Position can be implemented easily, which is a simple speaker setup that gives a whole new meaning to stereo audio. Near Field Listening Position 3 - USE ANY VERTUS RECEIVER INDEPENDENTLY Each Vertus receiver can also be used independently as a stand-alone stereo Bluetooth receiver, when you just need to add full stereo Bluetooth capability to any non-Bluetooth speaker, headphone or car stereo. Using Vertus to add Bluetooth capability to a Bose speaker dock. It is connected via the included 3.5mm female-to-male adapter. Vertus can be used both in stand-alone mode or the TrueWireless Stereo mode if paired with another Vertus. Using Vertus as a stand-alone stereo Bluetooth receiver to add Bluetooth capability to Apple headphones. The 3.5mm female-to-female adapter will be included. Using Vertus as a stand-alone stereo Bluetooth receiver to add Bluetooth capability to a car stereo. You can still use your Bluetooth headset while using Vertus. Your phone will automatically switch between them. HOW IT WORKS TWO RECEIVER (TrueWireless Stereo) mode: Vertus is a system of two specialized Bluetooth receivers, one for each speaker. The right receiver is plugged in into the right speaker and the left receiver into the left speaker. After pairing with a Bluetooth device, you could enjoy full-stereo sound coming collectively from two separate Bluetooth or portable speakers at the same time. BOTH SPEAKERS of EACH portable SPEAKER, would play the SAME CHANNEL of the CORRESPONDING SIDE! ONE RECEIVER (Stand-alone) mode: Each Vertus receiver can also be used independently as a stand-alone stereo Bluetooth receiver, when you just need to add Bluetooth capability to any non-Bluetooth speaker, headphone or car stereo. This means, in this case a Vertus receiver is used independently by carrying both the right and left channels. DESIGN & USER INTERFACE Vertus is milled from one piece of aluminum block making its design as unique as its functionality. With its small and thin design, Vertus can nicely merge with any speaker. At the end of the campaign, we will send our backers a survey to choose their color. Despite to its thin design, Vertus has an exceptional battery which lasts for at least 10 hours. Vertus is smart. It doesn't need any buttons. Tap it twice, it will tell you how much battery is left by blinking the LED, and tap it three times to pair it with your Bluetooth device. Vertus can be charged either by its micro-USB port or through the same 3.5mm jack when plugged in to the charging station which itself is powered by a standard micro-USB port. The Optional CHARGING STATION: CAD drawing of the receivers: If you dont have the charging station, you can charge each Vertus receiver by its micro-USB port. Where we're at Vertus is in the last stages of development! We are using an already engineered module with a CSR BlueCore 5 Bluetooth chip. It is already FCC, CE, and IC certified and is fully licensed by Bluetooth SIG. Our Bluetooth supplier's team of engineers have developed an almost fully functional Bluetooth software based on the TrueWireless technology which has been programmed into the first prototypes, but it still needs further development and customization. Meanwhile, we are working on the CAD drawings of the aluminum enclosures along with programming efficient machining tool-paths. Although, we are close to finishing the development and starting the production, your support will help fund: - Further development and customization - Production tooling - Meeting the minimum order quantity Project Updates: After the campaign ends successfully, we are going to post updates regularly every Wednesday, to inform you the details of our journey. Technical Specifications: Enclosure: Aluminum Colors: Silver, Gunmetal Gray Connectivity: Bluetooth v2.1 EDR with TrueWireless, A2DP, Class 2 Range: 30 feet(10m) from a source to the Right receiver, 30 feet(10m) between the Right and Left receivers Battery Life: 10 hours Output: Standard 3.5mm connector Compatibility: Any device that supports Bluetooth music streaming including smartphones, tablets, laptops, PCs, and etc. Dimensions: 1.26" x 0.87" x .37", (32mm x 22mm x 9.5mm) Weight: 0.71 ounce, (20 grams) Development and Manufacturing Timeline Late November 2012: The idea was born and we started the research for a solution. December 2012: Our research became successful by finding the TrueWireless Stereo technology. We also found a Bluetooth module supplier that knew about the TrueWireless Stereo technology and was willing to accept our custom engineering requests. January and February 2013: Our collaboration started with the Bluetooth supplier to initiate the development of the first prototypes by having their team of engineers embedding the TrueWireless Stereo technology into their Bluetooth module and implementing custom features such as the tapping interface. Early March 2013: We started testing the newly developed software on the development boards and ordered the first pair of compact prototype modules. Mid-March 2013: We started working on the design, CAD drawings, and machining of the aluminum enclosures with our prototyping CNC machine. Late March 2013: We made the first prototypes by mounting the compact modules, tap sensors, batteries, and 3.5mm jacks, in the aluminum enclosures. Early April 2013: We talked with various CNC machining shops regarding the terms of the mass production such as pricing and time, and decided to partner with a CNC machining shop in Glendale, CA. We also talked to several aluminum anodizing and finishing shops and deiced to partner with one in Burbank, CA. Visiting the CNC shop we have partenered with. Late April and May 2013: Kickstarter Campaign June 2013: After receiving the funds we will be able to resume the final stages of development, testing, and customization of the software by our Bluetooth supplier. Meanwhile, we will place the order for the Bluetooth modules which will be manufactured in Taiwan by the electronic manufacturing partner of our Bluetooth supplier. The same manufacturer will also mount the tap sensors and 3.5mm jacks along with the modules on small PCB boards. Also, we will order the batteries which will be produced in Guangzhou, China and order the aluminum enclosures from our partner CNC machining shop. At the same time, we will continue testing our prototypes with different devices and report to our Bluetooth supplier if we see any incompatibilities. Early July 2013: We will design the final packaging and order them from a print facility in Pasadena, CA. Late July 2013: The assembled boards including the modules will arrive. If the software development and testing is finished, our Bluetooth supplier will start programing the developed software into the modules and start sending them to us in a week. By this time, the aluminum enclosures will be ready to take them to the aluminum anodizing and finishing shop, which will take about 10 days to finish. Early August 2013: If everything goes as planned, by this time we will have all the parts to start assembling the finished Vertus systems in our workshop in Glendale, CA. By assembling, we mean for each receiver, we will connect the battery to the assembled PCB board which already contains the Bluetooth module, the tap sensor, and the 3.5mm jack. Then everything will go inside the aluminum enclosure and would be mounted properly. The charging station will also be assembled in a similar manner with its respective electronics. After the assembly of each system, we will test and perform quality control to make sure the system works and looks perfect. Our workshop where we are going to use for assembly and testing. (If we get a substantially higher funding than our goal, we will expand our assembly line.) Mid-August 2013: We will start shipping. We are going to take care of the domestic fulfillment but for the international fulfillment, we are going to use the service provided by fulfillrite.com to eliminate any issues related to international customs. All brand and product names and associated logos contained within this Kickstarter project belong to their respective owners and are protected by copyright.