VivaJava: The Coffee Game is all about finding that perfect blend of beans to create the next best-seller in the coffee houses and kitchens of the world. Players will travel to exotic coffee-producing nations around the world to collect beans and gain fame and fortune. But, in order to be successful, players will actually have to work together. Mostly. In VivaJava, players send their researchers to hot spots around the globe to gather the perfect bean. This may bring them into contact with other players who are also on the hunt, creating a crucial choice: Go it alone and continue to research, or join forces with that opponent, hoping to combine beans from both player's bags and share the score with a superblend. Going it alone with research can often prove useful as players spend time in the lab developing abilities that grant them an advantage. However, in VivaJava the bold taste of victory will go only to those players who are able to balance solitary research with cooperation amongst their fellow gamers. The rich depth of varying strategies and social play will satisfy most players' thirst for unique gameplay, but VivaJava has even more brewing. This flexible game can accommodate up to 8 players, and through smooth simultaneous actions, play is quick and constant with little downtime. Below are some other useful links: Official VivaJava website VivaJava page on BoardGameGeek Excellent review on BGG that details game play VivaJava: The Coffee Game will be bursting at the seams with caffeinated gaming goodness. We've worked hard to develop the components to an exacting "Euro feel" with lots of wood, thick punchboard and beautiful artwork for an immersive theme. Here's what you'll find inside every copy of VivaJava: • Two game boards - why settle for just one board like all those other games? VivaJava's game boards are designed for multiple gaming configurations to account for gaming preferences, table shape, group size and whimsy. • Tons of punchboard - 8 thick Research Labs (personal tableaus), 9 country tokens, 8 Research/Blend Tokens, 12 Investment Tokens, 8 sets of three Blend Markers, 8 sets of five Research Markers, and 16 Blend Slates with custom coffee culture deco art. • Wood! 90 custom lathed wooden "beans" in six different colors (the heart of VivaJava). 8 chunky player pawns. 8 thick scoring discs. • Bags! 8 black fabric bags serve as the players' personal "Roasters" which are used to pull beans blindly while Blending with other players. • Cards! Two sets of cards in two different sizes - a deck of 16 mini-size cards (the Flavor deck), and 24 regular-sized cards for the inept but useful interns, part of the Intern Inspansion (plus 8 player reference cards). • Little plastic baggies! Have you ever opened up a game box and punched out about 18 gajillion little bits and then realized that the publisher didn't put any plastic baggies in the box for sorting? Don't you hate that? So do we - so we're putting some inside each box of VivaJava. • Rules! Yes, we'll even throw in a fully-illustrated, 16-page rulebook that will not only explain how to play, but will also provide advanced variants and strategy notes that will give you the upper hand amongst your over-caffeinated cohorts in no time. You can even check out the pre-release rules right here! We created this special "geekspansion" just for Kickstarter, and it's likely to be a long time (if at all) before it's offered for retail sale. We may put it in an expansion later, we may not - who knows! One thing's for sure - the only way to make sure you nab one is to get it on Kickstarter. And here's what makes it so special: • Four special Blend Slates - Each Slate features double bean colors for adding to The Fields. In addition, the team that claims the Blend Slate will receive +1 prestige points for creating a Blend that includes the featured bean color! Click here to embiggen image • A celebration of geekiness - The four Slates will embody themes that are near and dear to everyone's geeky hearts. Each week, we'll reveal one more Slate, but for a little teaser, here are the titles: Twin Perks, Whateley's Strange Brew, Café LaBrea, and Lord of the Beans. • Four variant Country Tokens - These tokens feature abilities that can really add a shot of bold flavor to any game! Now that we've made our funding goal, gamers can rest assured of two things: 1) That VivaJava will be produced, providing coffee-gaming goodness to all of our wonderful backers, and 2) that Dice Hate Me Games is going to be providing more goodies for our backers for every funding milestone we reach! Our first stretch goal goodie is the burlap Bean Bag - perfect for holding all 90 of the wooden coffee beans in each copy of VivaJava. Since we reached $25,000, each backer who pledges for a pre-order copy of the game will receive a Bean Bag emblazoned with the official VivaJava logo! Our second stretch goal goodies are... Brewples! Yes, if we reach $35,000, everyone who pledges for a pre-order copy of VivaJava will receive a randomly-selected Brewple, lovingly hand-crafted by Cherilyn. These vibrant player pawns can be used to designate the official Brewmaster - the player who oversees the game and acts as scorekeeper and general ringleader of awesomeness. The third stretch goal was a components upgrade at $40K that offered new Blend Slates and a variant for the learning game - the Roaster Purge Tokens! More info. on that in Update #12. We set the bar high for the next stretch goal at $47.5K and everyone answered magnificently. We are now able to put a new variant in each box of VivaJava - the Featured Blend Cards! These cards allow players to score extra points whenever they create the Blend featured on the card. Learn more about this awesome stretch reward in Update #15! VivaJava is meant to be a social experience, so what better way to get a group into the game than taking it to your local coffee shop! Below is a sample of the jute tote and porcelain tumbler that will be included in the Coffee To Go reward level. Sip the Rainbow! "Six different colored beans are available to represent different origins, and blends are ranked in poker hand-style groupings of five as well as on color priority. Each turn, though, blends will "degrade", losing a bean and falling down the best-seller list. Judging your blend's chances at long-term success turns into a great mental exercise, and makes VivaJava a game you'll be itching to master." - Matt Morgan, MTV Geek “Look, let me put it to you straight, I’ve seen this game in action at 4 events (I’ve played it at three of them!) … It’s a great strategy game with a good deal of social interaction. The forced cooperation aspect of the game is brilliant. It offers many paths to achieving the goals, has been unpredictable, and just a really solid Euro-style game!” – John Moller, Cartrunk.net “Viva Java combined many common mechanics from Eurogames into a unique game experience… This game is a nice combination of strategy and luck and since you are constantly teaming up there is not much down time.” – Jason, play board games “I played this at WBC and look forward to seeing it get out there. Was a fun game, can’t wait to get it on my game group table.” – Paul Engle, Boardgamegeek.com Kickstarter provides a platform for direct consumers to get VivaJava: The Coffee Game shipped to their door before it hits the store shelves. However, retailers who are interested in VivaJava may reserve copies of the game through Springboard at Game Salute. All titles approved for Springboard campaigns are vetted by Game Salute. During this comprehensive evaluation process, we work with the publisher to ensure quality. This includes ensuring solid designs, thorough playtesting and refinement, excellent presentation, and high quality components. - Game Salute Hello again. Many of you may remember us from our first Kickstarter campaign for our deck & dice game, Carnival. We certainly remember you! You all made that experience absolutely wonderful, and your support and encouragement has helped us to get Dice Hate Me Games up and running. The funding from Carnival has been instrumental in Dice Hate Me Games becoming viable as a board game publisher, but what we put into the company from the proceeds of Carnival will only cover a portion of the printing costs for a game as ambitious in scope and quality like VivaJava. Here's where your continued generosity and support can truly help. We believe in VivaJava. We believe that you will enjoy its unique gameplay, rich strategy and engaging social play. Thank you all for believing in us. - Chris & Cherilyn, Dice Hate Me Games