THANK YOU, KICKSTARTER! Come watch our live green light party here UPDATE 13 is up: We made MAJOR enhancements to the $30 tier rewards. We pledge to give 5% of the profits back to the Kickstarter community. More information on Kicking it Forward UPDATE : ***We now accept PayPal on the Wasteland Portal!!!!!*** View the Scorpitron 2.0 from Andree! Update #12 : New FAQ's below that detail out exactly what rewards are in each tier. Update #11: The latest update is live and gives more detail on the project. Be sure to check it out and note the backer only shirts at the new $150 reward level. Update #10: We have our first piece of concept art by Andree Wallin. You can also download it as wallpaper here. Update #8: We just posted an update today (4/4) that speaks to the use of extra money raised. We are not counting on it but it is good to know what happens if we hit the higher numbers. Update #6: We just made our next major milestone, thanks to you all, which means more content plus a Mac and Linux version. And the number continues to grow, and that means a better product for all as we can hire more writers and scripters to add even more depth of consequence to the world, add more music and sound to set the atmosphere, and make the world larger to explore. Let's keep the number increasing and really knock it out of the ballpark. I have been having a blast reading the messages of excitement from the RPG players who feel neglected over the years. We wanted to have a little fun and make another comical video so I hope you enjoy it. The next video I put up will also be more informative as I will answer some of the more common questions from the forums. We are still deciding on the tech, and we don't know what the final budget is, so it can be difficult to have answers for everything right now. So see our thoughts on Multi-player as well as a list of links to some of the great press we have been getting, go to our updates page by clicking "Updates " at the top of this page. Brian Fargo appears on Hard Drive. "I’m personally a big fan of the Wasteland series from having played the original game in the late 80s; I’ve also always admired Brian Fargo’s courage to experiment with new designs and game engines from my time working with him in the early days of BioWare when we worked with Interplay, and as a result I’m really looking forward to seeing the next game in the Wasteland series!" - Ray Muzyka - CEO Bioware "Hats off to Fargo and inXile, I'm definitely putting my money down when they start up their Kickstarter fund, and I'll donate just as much as I did to Double Fine. Give me Wasteland 2 already." - Chris Avellone - RPG designer extraordinaire "Brian was one of the pioneers for the computer RPG with games like Bard's Tale and Wasteland. I would be very excited to see what Brian could achieve with a sequel to such a classic like the first Wasteland." - Rob Pardo - ExecutiveVice President of Game Design, Blizzard Entertainment "WASTELAND is the game that made me a gamer. It's still my favourite game of all time, simply because of how influential and mind-blowing it was at the time." - Rock Paper Shotgun reader Zerosociety "Shut up and take my money!" - Eurogamer reader Arcam (amongst many others) Wasteland 2 is the direct sequel to the first ever post-apocalyptic computer RPG. The original Wasteland was the inspiration for the FALLOUT series of games, and the first RPG to allow players to split parties for tactical considerations, to face players with moral choices, and to make them deal with the consequences of their actions. It was the first to provide far more than the one-key-for-one-lock style of puzzle solving. It was groundbreaking, which is why IGN named it one of the top 25 PC games of all time, Computer Gaming World named it the Adventure Game of the year in 1988, and it was short-listed for inclusion in the Smithsonian Institution’s current “Art of the Computer Game” exhibition. Wasteland was set in a dangerous, post-apocalyptic world in the American Southwest. Over the course of adventures rangers would receive promotions, acquire new skills and equipment, then face new challenges with outcomes that changed depending on the strategy used to defeat them. The game featured a strong storyline which required painful decisions by players; and a storyline that allowed for maximum re-playability. Wasteland 2, with your participation and insights, will recapture all that and provide more. It'll finally be the game worthy to be a Wasteland sequel, as challenging and rewarding as the original, with all added capacity and dazzle of games today. For Wasteland 2, we’re getting the band back together again!. Brian Fargo who Executive Produced both Wasteland and Fallout will be heading the team. Alan Pavlish and Mike Stackpole—the original game’s primary designers—are coming back to put the project together, and we’re rounding up as many of the other designers, like Ken St. Andre, as we can. On top of that, we’ll have music by Mark Morgan of Fallout 1 and 2 fame. The storyline for Wasteland 2 was written by Jason Anderson who was the co-creator of Fallout. We have also enlisted the help of the amazing concept artist, Andree Wallin to help craft the Wasteland 2 world. A sample of Andree's other work can be seen below. Brian Fargo founded Interplay Productions (By Gamers, For Gamers) in 1983 where he went on to produce and finance some of the biggest RPG's made like Bard's Tale, Fallout 1 and 2, Stonekeep, Dragon Wars, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, and more. Creating a new Wasteland will be a point of pride in the long history of games. Not a month goes by when an email doesn’t come in asking if we’ve ever considered doing a sequel. Emails from gamers who remember Wasteland fondly and want, just as badly as we do, to return to that gritty world where burning through clips might be the only thing that keeps you alive; and where running out of ammo will certainly get you killed. The fact that you, the folks who know and love and play games, keep asking for Wasteland 2 told us that there is a demand for it. So, we’re coming to you for support. Financial. And creative. After all, since you’re the driving force behind this game, we want to make sure that we’ll be delivering the game you want. Wasteland is ready for a sequel, and with your help, it’s going to happen. As for why you should want to participate, we’ll let Kotaku point out why making Wasteland 2 happen is very important: FanFundWasteland! With your collective vision, the game that was the godfather to the popular Fallout series will become a reality. Not only will you fund the development, but you’ll have a voice in how the game goes together. We will have forums up for design discussion and soliciting your ideas for what will make Wasteland 2 rock. This is your chance to influence the kind of game you want to see. With fan funding, you drive the direction of game design and development. If it is important to you, it is important to us. This is probably the last chance for a Wasteland sequel. We have tried to pitch this game multiple times to game publishers, but they’ve balked. They don’t think there’s any interest in a solid, old school type of game. This is our shot at proving them wrong. And more importantly this could help bring back an entire genre of RPGs. The power of the Indie scene continues and we see this as all part of a bigger trend of bringing control back to the developers. Supporting Wasteland 2 is nothing more radical than pre-ordering a game from your favorite brick-and-mortar store. We believe strongly enough in this project and in your desire to see it become a reality, that we decided to go ahead with this Kickstarter drive to fund it. Nuts and bolts time. We’re going back to the original and building from there. No first person shooter, we’re going top down so you get a tactical feel for the situation. And we’re not ditching the party play to turn it into some hack-and-slash bloodfest. It’s turn based, tactical, with a storyline that will be deeper and broader. We’re determined to keep the gritty, grim and satirical writing. We’re going to pitch those moral dilemmas at you. You’re going to be faced with the consequences of your actions. We’re planning on an initial 6 months of pre-production. We’ll nail down every important element that you, our creative partners, want. Once we have all that figured out, we buckle down for 12 month development cycle. During that time, players can get a sneak peek on a private closed beta through Steam. In addition, we will be giving you constant updates and showing you our progress along the way. To do this game right, we need to raise $1 million, but you'll notice our funding request is $900,000 and that is because Brian Fargo has offered to fund the last $100,000 if need be. That’s a lot of money needed, but not when compared with the budgets of most full scale RPGs made today. The original game sold over 100,000 copies—on the Apple ][ and Commodore 64 platforms back in the day. If everyone who played it then backs the project at the most basic level, the game is on. But we’re looking ahead to what we can do if you all back this project in force. At $1.25 million, the money will go primarily into making the world bigger, adding more maps, more divergent stories and even more music. At $1.5 million, the world gets even bigger. You’ll have more adventures to play, more challenges to deal with, and a greater level of complexity to the entire storyline. We’ll add more environments, story elements, and characters to make the rich world come alive even more. We will even be able to bring Wasteland 2 to OS X and Linux! And after $1.5 million the sky is the limit. Everyone on the team is incredibly excited about the possibilities this Kickstarter will unlock. Like you, we’ve long dreamed of being able to bring Wasteland back. If you share that dream, if you’ve always wanted to watch and influence the game design process from start to finish, this is your chance. If you’ve wanted to change the world and get the games you really deserve, then do it by funding this Kickstarter. The road to Wasteland 2 is there. Join us on what’s going to be a wild ride. ***A big thank you to our (already) loyal forum users for their help in crafting the Kickstarter rewards. You guys rock!** For our Russian fans... Я не знаю английский язык. Как мне поддержать Ваш проект? <url>