Thank you to Kickstarter and all of our Backers for bringing our project to life! Find us at BevRox.com Welcome to the Rox project! Rox are our testament to the distiller, winemaker, brewer, coffee roaster, and the people who take the time to appreciate the fruits of these craftsman’s labor. Whether it be Whiskey, Wine, Beer or even Coffee, Rox are the perfect way to bring your beverage to its ideal drinking temperature, and keep it there, without watering down your drink. A big thanks to everyone who has featured us! We appreciate the support! FOR WHISKEY We believe that whiskey is a drink that, much like revenge, is best served cold, but not too cold, and definitely not diluted. While all whiskey drinkers have their own preferred method of preparation and consumption, we prefer our whiskey strong and with a slight chill to it. Watery, ice-cold whiskey is difficult to enjoy, which is why we avoid using ice in our whiskey. Ice, which inevitably converts into its liquid counterpart, diminishes the fragrance and dilutes the taste of your whiskey. The extra cash spent on purchasing a quality whiskey is invested in the distillation and aging processes. These processes are what give whiskey its unique characteristics. Don't waste your money, drink your whiskey on the Rox! History of Rox chilling stones According to whiskey master Richard Paterson, the term “On The Rocks” originated in early Scotland where Scots would go to the river bed and pull out cold stones to put in their drinks. We are taking this age old concept and updating it for the 21st Century. Why Soapstone? Our Rox are made from 100% Soapstone. Soapstone is a non-porous, odorless and inert stone. It is tasteless and will not absorb odors from your freezer like ice cubes do. Soapstone has a high thermal mass, giving it the natural ability to retain its temperature for extended periods of time. For Centuries, people have been using soapstone to cook food and keep warm. Now we're using these stones to keep cool. As Bob Dylan would say, "times they are a changin". How Rox are made We start by cutting a large soapstone slab into manageable pieces which are then squared and sliced into 1” cubes. These cubes are put into a large tumbler where the sharp edges and corners are rounded off and a nice finish is achieved. This step not only improves the aesthetics but also protects your glassware from damage due to sharp edges. The finished Rox are then washed and prepared for packaging. Our Rox storage bags are natural in color and made from premium cotton. Each bag is hand stamped with one of our custom Rox logos before shipment “But I don't drink Whiskey...” No problem, we understand that whiskey is not for everyone. The good news is that there are some other equally awesome uses for Rox! FOR COFFEE Coffee is typically brewed and served at 160ºF, which is too hot to start drinking immediately. But, when you're on the go and need your caffeine fix, Rox are the perfect way to get your coffee down to the optimal drinking temperature quickly and hold it there without diluting or over-chilling your joe. Just drop a few Rox in your cup or mug and witness the laws of thermodynamics at work. Because of soapstone's unique thermal properties, the heat from the coffee is absorbed by the colder stones then is slowly released back into the liquid, keeping your drink warmer for longer. Enjoy coffee the way it's meant to be. FOR BEER Ice and beer don't play well together. Beer likes to party, Ice would rather chill out. Bad jokes aside, you don't want to dilute your beer with ice or throw it in the freezer and hope you can remember to remove it before it explodes. Rox are the perfect solution for chilling a beer that's room temperature. Just add our Rox into your glass and your pint will drop to a more ideal drinking temperature, and stay there. Enjoy a beer, on the Rox! FOR WINE The ideal drinking temperature for wine is comparable to that of Whiskey. When too cold, wine also loses its unique flavors and aroma. Rox reduce the temperature to wine's ideal drinking temp and hold it there, so you can enjoy every sip. Keep it classy. Why we need your Support! We were compelled to start the Rox project because we knew we could make a better chilling stone than what was out there. Our mission was to make a stone that chilled your drink faster, kept it there longer, and fit in your glass better. We also wanted to be able to offer our Rox at a more affordable price than the competition. Then we thought, why can't we take this same concept and apply it to the other drinks we love: Beer, Wine and Coffee? We're proud to say that Rox work fantastically for all of these beverages! We are off to a good start so far but we need Backers to help move our grassroots operation (A finger-hungry tile saw in the back yard. ...It rains a lot in western Washington.) to something more practical. We need to upgrade our saw to make it safer and more efficient, change to a drier location (indoors), and order bulk soapstone from a local supplier in order to bring Rox to the people who will love them! We have already sourced the stone and have our sights set on better cutting options. We just need your support, and in return, you'll get a piece of our hard work to remember the journey! Remember to Drink Responsibly. Sincerely, Zach Lengell . Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets For USA: Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Make sure to add $5 shipping for all orders. This Covers 5 sets MAX. Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $5 more). After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For Canada: Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Leave set to "Ship to the US." Ex. “Ship to the US. Change” <<< DON'T Click Change, Leave This Alone Make sure to add $10 shipping for single sets or $20 for Bartender Specials or Multiple Sets ($20 Covers 4 sets MAX). Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $10-20 more). Some Restriction Apply After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For International (Excluding Canada): Select your desired reward. If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Change setting to “Outside the US” Ex. “Ship to the US. Change” <<< Click Change Make sure to add $15 shipping for single sets or $25 for Bartender Specials or Multiple Sets ($25 Covers 4 sets MAX). Contact us if you wish to purchase more and we'll do our best to help you out (Worst case scenario, $15-25 more). Some Restriction Apply After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. If you have any questions about ordering or shipping, please contact us. We will be happy to help you! . Stretch Goals! $70,000 - UNLOCKED! "Scotch" and "Bev-Rox" labels We have had quite a few requests for both of these labels, so we're going to make them both available to you! Cheers!