3/10- Bonus Content and Stretch Goals! 3/12- We Made it! 3/14- $20,000: Translation Stretch Goal Play the Kickstarter demo HERE! Vote for us on Steam Greenlight! Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Youtube! Go to our official website. Whispering Willows is a horror puzzle game that features a dark and rich narrative, beautiful 2-D visuals, and haunting melodies that will leave you yearning for more. The game will release for OUYA, PC, Linux, and Mac (and if stretch goals are hit, later to Android and iOS). The emotional story will unfold over five riveting chapters, each more intriguing than the last. The story will immerse you in a rich history steeped in the depths of the human soul as you solve the mysteries of wayward spirits. You will assume the role of a young girl named Elena as she searches for her missing father, against challenging odds, working through unconventional puzzles and bypassing other-worldly obstacles. She must harness the powers of her heritage, utilizing astral projection and other ethereal abilities to find her father before he, too becomes lost to the hopeless morass of the Willows estate. Our goal at Night Light Interactive is to create innovative, exciting, and memorable experiences. Being gamers ourselves, we're always trying to innovate and create something totally new and unique, while retaining the best elements of the old. The ultimate payoff is to see the reaction of someone who experiences a game we have created. When we initially started Whispering Willows, that was and remains our goal. Control Elena in the Physical and Spirit Realms Utilize Elena's supernatural ability to make an astral projection of her spirit and enter the realm of the dead. You'll solve puzzles by switching between her two forms and using them to your advantage. Fly through the air, squeeze through cracks no mortal could fit through, manipulate time to your will, freeze objects and harness the power of light to ward off evil spirits in the mansion. Help Spirits Move on to the Afterlife The wayward spirits you interact with are all hopelessly chained to this existence. Help them to peaceful absolution and save them from their violent fates. Each ghost has their own story to tell, and helping them may just help you to overcome obstacles of your own. Solve the Mysteries of Willows Mansion As you assist Elena in finding her Father, the many disturbing secrets of Willows Mansion will unravel, revealing to you a past that is so horrifying and yet so human that you'll be left not knowing what to think. The lies, deceit and inhuman violence will all bubble to the surface when you play Whispering Willows. Art from the game can be found in the Art Book. Pledge at the appropriate reward tier to get an exclusive Kickstarter copy! To thank you for your support, we have brought together some very talented people to work on the rewards. In addition to the game, you can get the soundtrack, art book, and a ton of other Whispering Willows swag! We have several T-shirt designs which you will be able to choose from: At the SHAPE THE GAME, PORTRAIT, SPIRIT AVATAR, and EASTER EGG tier you can work with our team to implement your ideas into Whispering Willows. Imagine your creativity and designs in a game that thousands of people will play! There are also two different plushie designs based off characters in the game. Below is the beautiful little Elena plushie and the first ghost you meet in the game, Flying Hawk! One of the most incredible rewards is at the AMULET tier. You will receive a hand carved jade amulet, based on the amulet that Elena wears. These carvings are one of a kind and exclusively designed for the game. We are really excited to bring you so many unique rewards. If you have any questions please feel free to ask us. We have the make-up of a very successful team, as our producers have the necessary experience to lead such a dedicated group of individuals. David Logan and Sonya Ballas have produced on games, VFX, and animation projects with clients like Disney, Mattel, 20th Century Fox, Animal Planet, Sony and NBC. The art team have worked for clients including Disney, Lucas Arts, Cartoon Network, and Nickelodeon and for games such as Bioshock, Tony Hawk, FIFA, and Call of Duty 4. Lead programmer Kresimir Cvitanovic won awards including Denmark's national Game of the Year Award, for the game Bubble Struggle, which had over 500 million plays. The composer Steve Goldshein has been featured in the soundtrack for the hit show Red vs. Blue. To learn more about the NLI team, please visit our website at <url>