What is WigWag? WigWag lets you build intelligent environments anywhere with Internet-connected sensors and devices by letting you graphically write rules, "When" [this] happens "Then" do [that]. No complicated programming languages or computers necessary, rules are easily built on smartphones and tablets. The more WigWag and third party devices in your account, the more you can do! (Makers & Developers: Also works with Arduino and the Raspberry Pi. Check out the "Under the Hood" section towards the end of the page.) Example Rules Turn on a fan when the humidity rises. Get notified when kids are messing around with stuff they shouldn’t be. Receive a “thirsty” tweet from your plant, or even better, turn on the water! Log the date/time when people enter a room, send it to a spreadsheet in Dropbox. Place a sensor on your porch, get a text when a package arrives. Rules can happen anywhere, and can be easily shared with your friends and family: How WigWag Works... What are the WigWag devices? It's just the beginning, so we made three devices so you can get started making your environment listen, react and talk to you... The Relay connects WigWag and third party devices to our cloud service, which allows your stuff to interact with many Internet services, such as email, Dropbox and Twitter. It also makes your sensors work together, so they and the rules they activate are smarter. One WigWag Relay can cover a house. Use multiple Relays to cover multiple locations worldwide. If the Internet is down, the Relay enables your devices to continue to work at that location. One Relay is required per account, and is included in all packages. Free lifetime WigWag Cloud subscription with each Relay purchased in this Kickstarter campaign! The Sensor Block is a universal sensor device with 8 environmental sensors, 4 control features, and 2 expansion ports. It can measure light, detect motion, sound, temperature, humidity, movement, contact closure, and you can setup infrared (IR) tripwires between two blocks. It can control things such as: an electronic relay - (open a garage door or turn on a sprinkler), IR devices (change channels on a tv). It can also blink and play simple sounds for alerts. The block also has two expansion ports to add future things such as plant moisture probes, and contact sensors. The block can be powered with four AA batteries or the included USB power adaptor. The final design of the Sensor Block will be a bit more refined with rubber corners molded into the case to protect, eliminate vibrations and allow the module to easily stand upright. You can choose from a midnight black Sensor Block (with a Kickstarter green trim), which hides well in dark places, or a soft white Sensor Block good for interiors. The WigWag Glowline provides dynamic indirect or mood lighting. It can also detect ambient light and motion. It is perfect lighting for stairs, outdoor patios, kitchen cabinets, bathroom sinks and enclosures. It will ship with 2.5m (~8ft) of RGB LED strip lighting (upgradeable to 5m), and a power supply. The following video shows the basics of the Glowline and how WigWag's App can work with other kinds of lighting! WigWag can work with a lot of other devices as well. And in many cases, WigWag will auto-detect devices you may already own, such as Phillips Hue™ light bulbs and Belkin WeMo™ outlets. These devices can participate in rules and get control just like anything else. The system treats different devices as categorized objects, so – for instance – you can have light bulbs from different vendors, yet still do control the same way. Even matching color and brightness: WigWag can also work with other protocols and automation standards. The Relay can take optional modules which plug in to support additional protocols. These options will be available when the campaign successfully funds. Putting it all together WigWag connects to multiple third party products in addition to the Sensor Block and WigWag Glowline. It presents all these devices in your account for building rules. The Relay and our cloud service listen for each "When" and "then" executes your rules. What are the packages? We put together several packages for tinkers, enthusiasts and people who just want to try out WigWag, without a huge commitment. In general the "Pick 2" is good to try out each product, and the "Pick 4" and "Pick 10" are to help you outfit a room and house. There are Early-Bird backer levels throughout as a special thank you to those who help us make our goal! What package should I get? It depends on what you want to do. If you're not ready to commit to a whole house deployment, or just looking to try out WigWag with a minimal commitment, back with the "Sensor Kit" for a single sensor block, or the "Lighting Kit" for a single Glowline. What to try both and use them together? Get the "Pick 2." Want to do more? Such as outfit a room with sensors and indirect lighting? Look at the "Multi-Room Kit (Pick 4)." With the "Pick" options you chose the mix of Sensor Blocks and Glowlines at the end of the campaign. All kits include a Relay, which means you can listen to and control a lot of other devices also. Use the following table as inspirational ideas for your own spaces! Add-Ons Thanks to the support of early backers we are able to offer sensor add-ons for kits! Some add-ons work with any kit (since all kits include a WigWag Relay), other add-ons plug into the Sensor Block, requiring at least one Block. More details are in these updates: Enclosure Sensor: Update 10 Presence Sensor: Update 6, Update 7, Update 9 Wired Contact Sensor: Update 2 Soil Moisture Sensor: Update 3 4x Relay Extension: Update 5 Refer to Update 2 for instructions on how to adjust a pledge level to receive these add-ons. Why WigWag? The promise of automated environments has existed for decades, but it is still not a reality for most. Why? The biggest reason people don’t have “smart homes” and intelligent environments is twofold: It’s a major hassle to deploy and program automated systems. Traditional systems lack the necessary sensory and historical data to become aware. We are solving these problems in a number of ways… Easy Setup WigWag devices are super easy to setup. Place them where you need them, either permanently or for temporary use. No pairing, no passwords & no SSIDs... Just scan with the WigWag App, and the device appears on your phone. Easy Customization Traditionally, customized automation has been limited to permanent installations by professionals or people willing to spend countless hours configuring. WigWag’s Rules approach is built for customization. As an example: Rules can be set to run once, repeat after acknowledgement, and run continuously. This way you can make one-time notifications or permanent behavior. Sensor Fusion for Powerful Information Sensor networks are really useful when multiple sensors work together to make smarter decisions. WigWag lets you do exactly that. A single motion sensor only detects presence temporarily, however, multiple motion sensors can detect direction of movement. Average temperature in a location is much better than a temperature reading from just one sensor, and so forth. Learn from History WigWag’s platform learns by recording what happens. Historical information lets WigWag differentiate real change from sensor "noise." For instance, the WigWag platform benefits from knowing if a room is normally light or dark, not just the room's current status. WigWag is about making intelligent decisions – to make automated environments convenient, not annoying. Who is WigWag? WigWag is a startup out of Austin, Texas, comprised of engineers, programmers and designers. We have staff in Austin, Texas and Wuxi, China. Some of our team members are University of Texas computer science and electrical engineering students. Founder Ed Hemphill worked at another startup in the pro-AV industry for six years before leaving to start WigWag. Our primary investor and advisor, Jean-Marc Trinon, is also a developer and home automation pro, and has successfully created several other startups. Everyone at WigWag is a developer and can write code. We are a true bootstrap startup. If you live in or around Austin, and are a backer – come by – we will be happy to show you some of our stuff. How far along is WigWag in the production process? As per Kickstarter guidelines, everything you see is a real physical prototype. We have a working Sensor Block, Glowline and Relay, and our cloud service is running for internal testing. The iPhone app you see in the video/pictures actually runs today, controlling and creating rules, and our Android app is underway. All boards are designed by WigWag and manufactured in Wuxi, China. The cases shown were printed on 3D printers. Our design, development and assembly happens in Austin, TX USA. When will I receive my products? Timeline: June: Kickstarter launch August: Kickstarter campaign ends, funded September: Molds built, FCC and CE compliance testing: Dev Kit boards built October: Dev kits ship, production boards & molds built November: final assembly and shipment Circuit boards and plastics will be manufactured in China, and final assembly / testing / shipping of products will take place in Austin, TX. All rewards should be shipped to backers by November 2013. How will WigWag use the Kickstarter funds? The funds raised here will allow us to: Make things cooler: Create more refined case designs for the Sensor Block, Glowline and Relay. What you see above are printed prototypes. Make things smaller: Do final board spins aimed at shrinking the size of a few components. Make things legal: Complete FCC / ECC testing (for non-dev kit products) Allows us to create tooling for plastic parts Continue development of the cloud platform, DeviceJS, and the phone app and web front-ends. The more funding we get, the quicker we can build more functionality into WigWag Cloud, Relay and DeviceJS. Warning - Geek Area (i.e. for developers & makers) Modern Development Environment Graphical programming + Javascript Core One of the coolest things about WigWag is the way it works. Anyone can build Intelligent systems graphically through the WebUI or App. But, if you know Javascript and want to go deeper ... Read on. Unlike proprietary automation systems, anyone with basic programming skills can go deep with WigWag. The rules built with our app or web interface actually generate Javascript for you. You can start by just looking at rules created with the graphical tools, and then modify those to do more. Most of the platform is extensible via Javascript, which means you can make WigWag talk to almost anything. To do this we built DeviceJS. DeviceJS: Open for Developers, Designers and Tinkerers DeviceJS is an open-source runtime for executing Javascript. It is built on Google V8 and Node.js. Anyone who knows anything about programming should be able to start hacking things in the physical world easily. WigWag uses the same language and many of the same programming patterns that drive millions of web pages today. DeviceJS ties Javascript to the physical world, by providing hooks for protocols like IP, 6loWPAN, Bluetooth™, Zigbee™, RS-232, and devices such as the Belkin WeMo™ and Phillips Hue™ light bulbs. Because the system is centered on Javascript, it is very easy for anyone to extend. WigWag Cloud pushes Javascript to your Relay (or a Raspberry Pi using the Dev Kit's board), which executes distributed Javascript. Because of this architecture, the same code can execute across multiple locations, whether those are floors in the same house, or buildings in different countries. Moreover, even when the Internet is down, rules still execute on the Relay thanks to DeviceJS's caching. Perfect for Makers WigWag is a powerful tool for Makers. You can breath life into your hardware project with wireless connectivity to the Internet, a smartphone application, local automation systems, cloud services, and a whole lot more. The dev kit will come with three boards which provide connectivity to DeviceJS + WigWag Cloud: a WigWag Experiment board, a Raspberry Pi shield and an Arduino shield. You worry about the fun part - building the device - we worry about connecting it to the world. Your hardware projects can now work with rules: You spec your Triggers (aka “Whens") and Actions (aka “Thens") on the WigWag Cloud with DeviceJS. The Arduino shield will provide Arduino makers complete wireless (6loWPAN) connectivity to your Relay, and we will provide a module so that you can write sketches that connect to DeviceJS / WigWag Cloud. The development kit comes with three development boards to let you experiment, prototype and build WigWag-connected devices. It will also include a Relay and Sensor Block. Devices created with development kit will get the same first-class capabilities as the above Sensor Block and Glowline. You can scan + add the device, control it from the WigWag App, and build rules with it. The kit will include three unique QR / NFC tags for each of the development boards. Support for Raspberry Pi DeviceJS isn’t just for the WigWag Relay: Included in the Dev Kit is a shield for the Raspberry Pi, which lets the Pi take the place of a Relay. With the shield, the Pi talks to the WigWag Cloud, the Sensor Block, Glowline and WigWag-enabled Arduino devices. This option is great for developers and hackers who want to experiment with DeviceJS and 6loWPAN hardware. It can also make your Raspberry Pi function as an end WigWag device as well, with "When" and "Then" capabilities of it's own. We will provide a Raspbian package for DeviceJS + WigWag Cloud Connect, as well as source tarballs. Install it, and you will have connectivity from your smartphone to your 6loWPAN hardware from anywhere. Utilizes Open Hardware and Open Software Much of the WigWag system is open software and hardware. DeviceJS, and the firmware that runs on WigWag's development hardware devices is open software. WigWag hardware devices (Sensor Block, Glowline, the Arduino shield) are based on Contiki -- a tiny OS targeted at 6loWPAN devices. Around the ship date software for the Arduino and Raspberry PI development boards will be available on Github, and hardware designs for the Development kits will be provided.