Smartphones are getting slimmer, more powerful, and sophisticated, while charging cables haven’t changed in over a decade. Cheap, delicate, bulky, and difficult to insert in any plug. No more! Woodie is a high-quality charging cable that uses only the best materials to achieve great looks and a pleasant experience every time you use it. Leather cord: Woodie is made of soft sheep leather, to offer dashing looks and the best tactile experience. Tangle-free: thanks to its woven leather exterior, Woodie will always be ready. Forget knots. Wooden connector: the connector is encased in a beautiful walnut wooden shell, which protects the connector and gives Woodie its unique appearance. Reversible USB port: no more guessing how to insert your cable, Woodie works upside down and…downside down! What is a reversible USB port? Every time you plug in a USB cable, you are taking a gamble. Especially if the port is hidden next to your bed, behind your monitor, or to the side of your ultra-slim laptop. You have a 50/50 chance to get the orientation right. It’s kinda like playing roulette. Put everything on red. Uh-oh, it’s black again. But what if we told you there’s only red? That would put your chances of winning up to 100. Count me in, please. That’s what happens with Woodie: the connector works in both orientations, so every time you’ll try to plug it into a USB port, you can only get it right. Yes, even if you’re blindfolded. How good is that? And your computer will be a happy machine too: forcing a USB cable in the wrong way can jam and damage the port. With Woodie that’s not something you have to worry about! Dirty white plastic? That’s so yesterday. Curved phones, bendy phones, sapphire screens, aluminium bodies, fingerprint sensors, multiple cameras. Why are phones getting all the love? We built Woodie so that cables could catch up with phones, and we chose the best materials only. We designed Woodie to be a high-performance, unique-looking accessory. Exclusive materials: each Woodie is made of lamb leather and walnut wood. Two sizes: Woodie comes in two handy sizes that can be easily carried in a pocket or bag. 20cm (7.8in) and 60cm (23.6in). It is made to be a commuter, a traveller just like you. MFi components: our Lightning cable uses Apple approved components only. Fast charging: Woodie supports 2.1Amp chargers to provide high-speed charging. Charge & sync: transfer data while you charge. Show your true colours With smartphone batteries running out well before bedtime, we are forced to bring a charging cable with us every day. It’s become not just your smartphone’s accessory, but your own. And yet, these tangly, dirty, and not-so-durable strings of plastic aren’t exactly what you would like to keep in your bag. This is exactly what we had in mind when creating Woodie: a cable as unique as its owner, that would create the same experience as an artisanal accessory. Don’t hide it, show it off. Retail Leather, wood, MFI components, and a USB connector that belongs to 2015. The ingredients to make Woodie are all premium, and so is their price tag. This means that each Woodie will retail at 39€ per charger after our time on Kickstarter. Because we need your help to have enough funds to start producing Woodie, we are offering our charger at a special price to those who join our journey to make it all possible. If our project is successful, you’ll be getting a great discount by backing our campaign. So if you have any sworn enemies or noisy neighbours, wait until the campaign is over, and show them your snazzy charger that you got at a special price. Take that! On the other hand, if you know your friends, family, and colleagues would love to have a Woodie, help us spread the word and get some high-quality cables in the hands of as many people as possible. Rewards