YuFu Kickstarter Campaign has ended. Thanks to our backers, the YuFu is now available for pre-order at yufustylus.com and will be shipping in April 2014. Introducing the YuFu Stylus. Mi Fu was a renowned Chinese painter, poet and calligrapher of the Song Dynasty. We have named our stylus after Mi Fu to honour his skills, but the stylus is for you - hence the name YuFu. The YuFu is not just for artists though, we are building a range of quality tools ideally suited to all digital writing and drawing tasks. But just as non artists will enjoy using a perfect pencil, so too will they find enjoyment with the perfect stylus. Our YuFu project will create 3 different models. The Yufu Pro for serious artists and perfectionists The YuFu Focus for advanced note taking and sketching The YuFu for notes and sketching on all tablets For a full explanation see the details below. Your choice of features and your choice of color! Stretch Goal #1..... ACHIEVED! If we can hit $100,000 everybody wins! We'll create a new microfiber tip (6mm), and all backers will receive one! Microfiber tips glide smoothly over glass and are completely silent . Stretch Goal #2..... ACHIEVED! If we hit $130,000 we'll create a Windows 8 Tablet driver so you you can use the YuFu on the new Windows 8 Tablets, even the larger ones that are coming out soon - as long as they support Bluetooth LE. What Can The YuFu Do For You? Digital art requires control over the flow of your "ink" and as with all art, quality tools. Many modern artists have chosen the iPad as their medium, and combined it with brilliant Apps like Procreate to shape their art. The YuFu is designed to work perfectly with all of the best Art, Note Taking, Ideation and Animation Apps, as well as to work with all Tablets that support BluetoothLE. The YuFu is the worlds first ultra fine pressure sensitive stylus and the worlds first stylus to include the sensors required for proper palm rejection and pen angle. Vary the pressure - vary the line width or opacity The YuFu has an elegant slim design similar to the mechanical pencils you might have grown up using. It has the worlds finest tip, and the body of the stylus is only 1mm thicker than an old school wooden pencil. It's packed with electronics to deliver the features needed for today's capacitance screens. It has a comfortable knurled grip for effortless use, and a hard wearing full metal construction that will last a lifetime. The tips are easily changed. You have the choice of a precision Teflon tip, fine rubber and a brush for painting. NOTE - for YuFu Pro backers--------------------------------->>>>>>>>>>>> You will get 1 ultrafine tip on your stylus. You will also get one ultrafine tip spare. If you add $15, you will get a case and you can also choose any 3 extra tips from: brush, rubber, Teflon or even extra ultrafine tips. For digital artists and for people that like nice things! GIFT CARD: Give Your Friend a YuFu! Give a gift so advanced it's from the future! All Backers can download a printable gift card to give to a friend or family member before the holidays. We'll ship the YuFu stylus to your nominated giftee address in April or May (depending on the reward you select) YuFu Pro The YuFu Pro is a pressure sensitive ultrafine stylus - with extra features such as tap or shake to erase, tilt angle and palm rejection - the most advanced available. 4048 levels pressure sensitivity that can be calibrated and adjusted to different curves. Gyro sensor, so integrated Apps will know the pen angle. Optional gestures! Double tap or shake to undo, or even multi tap to change tools. (see video) Ultrafine 1.9mm tip, plus interchangeable tips to suit your inking or artistic style Bluetooth Low Energy for use with iPad 3 and above and iPad mini. Pressure sensor works with all screens - yes, even the iPad Mini and Air. Pressure sensor is under your finger tip, so 150% more accurate line & dot rendition and easily bypassed for fixed width lines when sketching. Precision machined cap and body with a perfect finish. Cap to protect the power button and tips Knurled grip with textured rubber switch and pressure pad for effortless use YuFu is available in 3 versions, all have interchangeable tips and caps. YuFu Focus The YuFu Focus is for everybody who uses a tablet for notes or drawing, but doesn't need the incredible features found on the YuFu Pro. The YuFu Focus has pressure sensitivity but no gyro or additional sensors.. 64 levels of pressure sensitivity ultrafine tip. Precision machined cap and body with a perfect finish. Knurled grip for effortless use Multiple interchangeable tips to suit your inking or artistic style Hard wearing full metal construction that will last a lifetime. Cap to protect the tips Spare tip storage inside stylus YuFu The YuFu stylus is for everybody who uses a tablet for notes or drawing, but doesn't need pressure sensitivity or an ultrafine fine tip. It works without batteries on any capacitance screen. Precision machined cap and body with a perfect finish. Knurled grip for effortless use Multiple interchangeable tips to suit your inking or artistic style Hard wearing full metal construction that will last a lifetime. Cap to protect the tips Spare tip storage inside stylus THE WORLDS BEST APPS We've worked hard for 2 years building developer support for our Pressure Sensitive Stylus SDK. And we now have over 40 Developers who have integrated with it for the JaJa Stylus. The YuFu works with our internal test Apps. Over the next few months we will complete updates to our latest SDK and publish it for these fantastic Devs to integrate with their Apps. So by the time we ship, we're hopeful that most Apps will support the YuFu Link. The basic code is done, we now need to bug test and distribute it. Currently none of the Apps can support the YuFu until the SDK is complete. Only the YuFu Pro and Focus need App Support. The basic YuFu will work with all tablets, phones and Apps. You'll get a fantastic product with support from all of the Apps you could need. If you don't see your favourite listed - just ask and we'll do our best to get it added. These Apps Currently Support the HEX3 SDK COMPONENTS Metalwork & Cap Here's an exploded view, so you can see all the different parts - fine tolerances and beautiful details make this a joy to use. The cap has a lightly spring loaded clip, it slides onto the pen and automatically positions itself to align the edges. The cap can be posted to the opposite end easily. The Knurled grip is smoothed for a good grip whilst remaining comfortable even after hours of use. PCB & Electronics The PCB on the Pro includes a gyro, accelerometer, magnetic compass, force sensor and Bluetooth Low Energy chips. Basically the integrated Apps will know exactly where your pen is in the 3D space, and can do proper palm rejection and tilt calculations. The firmware can be updated from within our App and you can even make changes to how you want the pressure curve to respond, or configure the buttons and sensors to effect your work. the default settings will suit most people. Battery The very low power requirement of Bluetooth LE means we can use a small battery and it will last for weeks. Many people have asked us for a slim pressure sensitive stylus. We wanted something that was as close to an old school pencil as possible - not a fat kids toy. So we chose the AAAA battery - easily available from Amazon for as little as 87cents. TeamOur team is led by Jon Atherton. We have 2 industrial designers, who work directly with Jon. Our electronics engineer is hired to complete projects as required, the firmware is designed by Jon and written by our software engineers, the manufacturing design of the PCB is handled by staff at our factory. Our business management is handled in USA and Hong Kong. Our SDK and internal App development is supervised by Jon and handled by the team at Mercury - they have worked with us for many years, and their work includes the SDK for JaJa and AppTag. Tips As you can see in the picture below, we have all your requirements covered. From water color artists who love the unique feel of a fine sable brush to animators who sketch with charcoal or a 6B... Or even students sketching or note-taking. We have selected digital materials to answer your needs - the YuFu really is the stylus for everyone! YuFu Pro Ultrafine 1.9mm tip Please remember, these are prototypes and quality will be even better in mass production. Protective Case We have a protective case available for the YuFu. It will hold spare tips and a spare battery plus protect the finish of your stylus. The design of YuFu and it's cap mean that you don't always need a case, but to protect your investment the case is perfect, and it will keep your tips and batteries together. Pictures of actual item coming soon, it's a hard shell injection moulded plastic, below is a drawing to show what it will look like. YuFu Protective Case Production Schedule Click for a larger image Color Range color range Early Stylus Concepts - a lot has been refined! Early 3D print of the yufu grip compared to a JaJa, we needed to test the grip size for comfort and function before going to aluminium prototypes - we used the form printer (this was my first form print, it didn't turn out so great! It's all good now) The electronics are an important part of our design, we have hired a bluetooth specialist to assist us with the electronics and firmware. Further engineering is underway at our factory. You can see a 3D image of the PCB and part of the schematics. There a