Something terrible has happened in Romero, Mississippi... Evil is on the loose... Who can save us? Rednecks, of course! Zombie Stompin' Rednecks, to be specific! Zombie Stomp is a stand-alone miniatures game of redneck-vs.-zombie combat, using the ECS game engine developed by Team Frog Studios. This is the same system that powers "Super-Powered Miniatures Combat" as well as the upcoming "SuperFogeys" game. It will also be the system behind the majority of our releases this year, making it easier for folks to play our games! Each game will include some unique content related to the theme, plus a diverse and creative (and often amusing) background. Game play is fast and furious, with the players having the opportunity to run through large and complex scenarios in a single session, often 2 hours or less. This allows for less time setting up to play, and more time actually shooting stuff! Some of the games are basic competitive (like Critter Commandos, which pits small forces against each other), while others are similar in form and structure to role playing adventures - one or more players work through a situation controlled by a game master who runs all the bad guys. And the rules are free-form enough that you can certainly build whatever scenarios and situations you wish with them. What We Are Doing Zombie Stomp is a stand alone game that will also be 100% compatible with the forthcoming new edition of Vampire Hunter$ (the Franchise Edition) that will be out by around GenCon 2013. This product gets into the base rules for monster hunting, weapons, and even rules for trucks. The overall base scenario involves escaping the growing zombie horde as you run across the tiny town of Romero, Mississippi. You'll encounter various locations along the way (some of which may get new names if certain reward levels are chosen...see below!). Ultimately, however, it is expected the survivors will end up making a last stand in that icon of American Consumerism - the MegaLoMart! The base product we will be producing will be the rulebook and black & white cardstock standups. Anyone who pledges at a level that includes the rulebook in any form will automatically get the PDF of the MegaLoMart map as well. And we will have available the Printed version of the map of the MegaLoMart in black & white included with certain pledge levels, or for a small additional charge. Wasn't this an adventure for Vampire Hunter$? Actually, we did do an adventure under this name for Vampire Hunter$ d20/OGL. This time, however, the town of Romero is greatly expanded and detailed, we've included even more cool stuff, and this one uses a whole new & different system. One that doesn't waste time with that silly "roleplayoing" stuff. So while they share a name, the two are not compatible and this will be so much cooler...:D Stretch Goals This is a modest project, with modest goals. As such, I will share with you some fairly modest stretch goals we have set for the project. $1250 - We will add a map of the Parasol Industries facility to the game. It will be included with the PDF version for free, and be available printed for a $5 additional pledge. $1500 - This will unlock a completely redone map for the MegaLoMart, done in color. Everyone who gets a book of one version or another will receive the PDF for no additional charge. And the printed version will be available as well for a $10 additional pledge. $1750 - This will unlock maps of both the Diner and City Hall in color. Anyone who is getting a rulebook in any form will receive the PDF for no additional charge, and printed versions will be available for a $5 additional pledge for each. $2000 - A premier Zombie Stomper, chosen by you! Throughout the Kickstarter we will be voting to see who this will be. Once this goal is met, we will lock in who this Stomper will be! (See below for details on where and how to vote!) And the figure will be based on... ALICE! You can get one for just a $5 addition to you pledge! $2500 - At this level, there are 3 rewards, both connected to the upcoming new Edition of Vampire Hunter$ using these same rules! One) Stat cards using this system for the entire existing miniatures line in full color. Everyone will get the PDF version, and anyone at the Stomper level and above will receive a printed version with their rulebooks. Two) Anyone who pledges at least $5 (earning them the PDF rulebook) will also receive the PDF of the new Vampire Hunter$ new rulebook when it is released this fall. Three) Anyone receiving a physical book from us (i.e. people at $15 and more) will also receive, AT NO ADDITIONAL CHARGE, 2 free minis of their choice from the existing VAMPIRE HUNTER$ figure line...:D (Originally, this was only going to be for the people who had already pledged to get us to $2500...but now its for EVERYONE!) $3000 - Another premier Zombie Stomper, also chosen by you! When this goal is met, the leading vote getter will be locked in as this Stretch Goal! Update: We've hit this goal! And the Locked In figure is - Zombie Alice! ( a zombie version of the figure we locked in at $2000, a figure influenced by Alice from the Resident Evil movies!). $3500 - We will produce an illustrated Novella, telling the sad tale of the last days of Romero, Missisippi. It will feature all of the Reward Level characters by name, and lots of pictures. Everyone at the $5 level or higher will receive the PDF, and we'll make a printed version available for a nominal cost (to be determined). We have other ideas, but the results are up to you! Voting on the Figures from the Stretch Goals Voting is Now Open! CLICK HERE! Add Ons The first Add on for Zombie Stomp is the ability to add in your kids to Romero. For a $10 additional pledge, we will include your child's name and likeness into the game as a member of the Romero High School Marching Band, or as a random Mall Rat in a illustration in the game. They will also have their own card (like the named levels below starting at $40 on up). State your preference of Band Member or Mall Rat and I will try an accommodate you. For an additional $10 pledge, you can add an additional printed book to your pledge. STARTER ZOMBIE HORDE! While I feel a little bad that I don't have a lot of zombies to offer you myself, I do have this for you... Through a very Special Arrangement with my friends at Reaper Miniatures, I am able to offer you all a special deal on some excellent zombies they make. Through this Kickstarter only, you can get the above miniatures from their lines, all perfect for use in Zombie Stomp, normally a $67.93 value, for just a $50 additional pledge. That's more than 25% off (thanks, Ed!) and gets you off and running on a ravening horde of your very own! Reward Levels You receive our undying thanks, and your name on the product's website. Everything from Fresh Meat level, plus you get your name in the product, and you receive the PDF version of the final book. Everything from Victim level, plus you get the printed version of the game book. Everything from Survivor level, plus the printed black & white map of the MegaLoMart. Everything from Survivor level, plus printed color cardstock standups. Everything from Stomper level, plus you also will have your likeness made into a zombie in the game. This reward is limited to 8 people. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Pizza Guy from Pizza Delivery Dudes of Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a clerk at the 5&Dime in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Fitness Instructor in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Shoe Shine guy in downtown Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a National Guardsman in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Tow Truck Driver in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Waitress from the Diner in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Truck Driver for MegaLoMart in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Pimp in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Hairdresser at the "Curl Up & Dye Salon" in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Paramedica in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Bouncer in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Head Cheerleader from Romero High School in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Football Coach at Romero High School, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Principal of Romero High School, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Town Drunk in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Band Director at Romero High School, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Bartender in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Mail Carrier in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of <your name here's> Filling Station in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Teacher at Romero High School, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the religious leader at the main church in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of <your name here's> Barber Shop in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Security Guard at the Parasol Industries facility in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the owner of the "Possum King" restaurant in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Editor in Chief of the Romero Daily Sentinel in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Fire Fighter in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Nurse in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a Police Officer in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Fire Chief in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will be named as a Doctor in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will be named as a Dentist in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Owner of the abandoned Amusement Park in Romero, Mississippi, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Sheriff in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the National Guard Commander on the scene in Romero, Mississippi, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as a senior executive at Parasol Industries, your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you will also be named as the Mayor of Romero, Mississippi, receive the Key to the City, and your likeness made into an illustration in the game. Only 1 person can do this reward. Everything from Stomper level, plus you'll be certified as Redneck of the Year, plus the Cover of the Game will be re-worked with a likeness of you (replacing the current art), you will receive a framed color copy of the cover, autographed by the artist and with a certificate proving it really is you, a custom T-Shirt with the art on it, and your copy of the game will be autographed by the author and the publisher. Only 1 person can do this reward.