ZOpro Mission Our team set out to create an iPhone case with Integrated Charging, thin enough to be your every day case. We wanted optional features that allow Rapid Conversion to a Stable Pro Photo & Video Platform. ZOpro Rapid Magnetic Lens Compatibility We love the magnetic lenses. It really is amazing what you can do with them even as an amateur Photographer. Some of the best photos we have ever taken were taken on an iPhone. The only problem is those metal washers you have to stick on your phone. Problem Solved with the OZ system... All of this with a simple "click"... Backer Rewards We kept it simple offering only two levels of rewards. ZOsolo is your every day case with the two most important features. ZOpro has everything in the ZOsolo package but also includes added features for Pro Photo & Video. UPDATE: We have added a ZOpro olloclip + option. That option deletes the lenses and add's an additional olloclip compatible top case to your reward. Both are amazingly affordable. Getting ZOpro from Prototype into Your Hands Planning is critical and we want to exceed your expectations. Our team has built and tested 9 prototypes so far for this project. Not using renders has definitely been more costly and time consuming but we now have months of field testing on multiple prototypes. We have also proven our charging system with several prototypes for both iPhone 4/4S and the iPhone 5. Most of the video and photos have been shot with an iPhone 4S and the ZOpro system. It's been a great experience pushing the limits of iPhoneography with our new system and Charge-n-Sync has been there for us anytime the battery was low. Our team is confident that ZO will change the way you capture the world and keep the battery full on your iPhone. Thank You! Joe Adams & Team ZOpro ZOpro: What is going on inside? These are photos of the internals. We want to be as transparent as possible and make sure our backers understand how ZOpro works. Please keep in mind that these photos and the photos in the project are 3D printed prototypes. The materials used in 3D printing are no where near the rigidity of the final production so some of the thin areas are difficult to represent correctly at this phase of development. Please do not share these photos around the internet as some of the photos do not represent correct coloring and quality we want as first impression in our marketing efforts. That being said, it's pretty amazing so check it out!