Hi Nancy, Yes... I'll send your tracking number once it's prepared. Thank you for your patience! There are still many backers waiting on their rewards. The bottom line is this: Today is truthfully, the last day of waiting. Everything ships first thing tomorrow -- really. The reason you haven't heard from me yet is that I didn't want to give you another expected delivery date that doesn't come through. Your Seedling Kits were 95% done but this final 5% has been the hardest part. I've been squarely focused on getting these out the door and have been the only one working to fulfill your orders this past week; it's the only thing I'm doing. Everything else is on hold. The team I hired to work with me before the holidays never expected it would extend this long and couldn't change their schedules to participate on short notice. When this is all over (starting tomorrow), I'm going to produce a video demonstrating the assembly and packing process. I'll also put together a summary of all the pitfalls and roadblocks we ran into during the past month. This is for our own benefit and growth, but I'll share it with all of you for transparency's sake in case anyone's curious. The truth is, while there's been a great deal of frustration and disappointment from both sides, the Kickstarter process has proven to be extremely valuable. By learning from all these obstacles, we're able to refine our system and develop a company that's more tenacious entering the traditional marketplace. Without the valuable lessons learned here, with all of you, we simply would not succeed. So with that, a big thank you for your support and patience. We're coming through. It all ends tonight! For those still waiting to hear from me - we hit another snag in the assembly line and my entire focus is getting production running again... It really is our goal to have shipped *everything* before the last pickup Saturday. At the time of this comment, the official 24-hour countdown begins. I will have tracking numbers by tomorrow for all remaining backers. Thank you for your patience and tolerance. Bear with us, it's taking time considerable effort to get packages out the door while simultaneously writing to everyone personally. If you haven't heard from us yet, you have not been forgotten. @Jared - Check your inbox in 5 minutes. @Lance - was just sending you a DM now. Check your messages in a few minutes. @Babezor - glad we resolved everything yesterday. @Jeremy - Check your DM @Jeremy - To the contrary, I did limit the sales. On the eve of our final day Dec 17, I took survey of what we had on hand and ended up spending over $300 that night on brand new tennis balls in order to have enough containers. The following morning, I awoke to discover our campaign was featured in the Kickstarter newsletter. That unexpected publicity drove 42 new backers before I had a chance to mark all rewards as "sold out," effectively shutting the campaign down despite hundreds of potential new backers if the campaign continued. This was a tough decision and you can imagine a project creator's eyes glazing over at the growth potential. Ultimately, the logistical bottlenecks went beyond a pinch for materials and labor. Must get back to fulfillment. I'll follow up with you personally in our direct message feed once we finish. Thanks. I'm repeating this message in today's backer-wide update and will send personal messages later today to everyone who's still expecting their rewards: ***All delayed packages ship tonight and tomorrow morning*** Dear Backers, As you know, this Kickstarter exceeded its goal by 10x. When the campaign began on December 14, we had staff and materials on hand to assemble up to 4-5x the goal. I pulled out as many stops I could to deliver the last minute surge in orders. Ultimately, we were unprepared to handle the sheer volume. Everyone else involved went home for the holidays and I was left to finish assembling hundreds of Seedling Kits on my own. There were several logistical bottlenecks (gathering more containers, soil, organic nutrients, seeds, labels, packaging materials). It came to a head on Dec 23 when the USPS website stopped cooperating. I missed seeing my own family on Christmas as well as my friends on New Years. Instead, I was in the garage trying to assemble the remaining orders. Without external help and under tremendous pressure, I neglected the task of providing updates. This was a mistake. To those of you who are upset, I sincerely apologize. I share your frustration and disappointment. When a Kickstarter campaign exceeds its goal several times over, delays can take months -- sometimes much longer. I've backed projects in 2013 that I'm still waiting and hoping for. I hope most of you will forgive our delay due to the fact that we're 10x over the goal --- yet managing to fulfill 3 weeks late, not 3 months late. In our direct messages today, I'll provide your new USPS tracking number and my personal cell phone number. I hope we can rebuild some confidence in the future. We've learned a great number of lessons and insights from this experience and our intention to provide the best customer support we possibly can going forward. Though delayed, I'm confident you'll enjoy the value and workmanship in our Seedling Kits. Thank you for supporting us, - Jason van Buren Founder, "Paper, Seed & Tree Co." To anyone who's missing shipments or has direct questions/issues.... I'm back at the Kickstarter helm and you'll be hearing from me within the next 24 hours in our direct message feed. There's several shipments leaving the studio today and Monday. I'm working as fast as I can to fulfill the remaining orders given the logistical restraints. Thank you for bearing with us!! @Kyle - I could have sworn I sent you a direct message on the 23rd, but I don't see it in our feed. I'm sorry. Yet another entry into our journal of mishaps to account for and learn from. I'll repeat this in a DM to you, but here's the summary since it's a matter of public record now: Your shipment was part of a final batch to leave our studio via 1-Day Priority Express on December 23, but we were unable to create new postage labels on the USPS website past noon that day. There were only a handful of shipping labels printed before the website broke down ---yours was one of the few. I asked those working with me to prepare as many boxes as possible, regardless of content. You and I had spoken over DM previously and I knew you wanted to gift these on Christmas day. The 6-pack of random kits you received was a desperate attempt to get SOMETHING to you, knowing we would send the 10-pack of Seedling Kits you actually requested once the USPS website was back up and running again. In other words, the package we sent you in haste was part of a last-ditch effort on Christmas Eve --- we lost a race against the clock. That was a most stressful and panicked day. The ones you want are en-route, and I'll send you that tracking number in our DM feed. I know this is still disappointing, and I hope you can forgive us. We were all caught off guard with the volume of these rewards and the USPS website failure. I'm doing my best to satisfy every backer despite the delivery timetable for some. Let's continue the dialogue in our DM feed. Thank you for your feedback and understanding. I hope in time we become one of your BEST experiences here. After-all, it's best to keep the gift-giving season going. @Option8, We made a backer-wide update and set you a direct message on the morning of December 16 -- it shows up in our feed, but I'm sorry you didn't find it in your email or Kickstarter inbox. I see now that you've responded with the choices and shipping detail. Thank you. We'll get back to you shortly. It's true, we're definitely overwhelmed and exhausted by the flood of unexpected orders. Hopefully you can understand that we weren't prepared for 10 times our goal. But we're doing all we can respond to you in our direct message feed with the latest. There will a backer-wide update by 11:59 PST tonight. Kyle I'm still going through the list of backers... you're in the queue. A lot is happening at once today. You're still getting yours before Christmas. Look out for my direct message within the hour. If anyone else is reading this, we're getting to you. It's taking us a while due to the unexpected avalanche of orders that came in on the final day of our campaign. We appreciate your patience and hope that everyone who wants theirs before Christmas gets them on time. Hi Huston, you're next! Hi Jeremy, just sent you a DM now. Been getting back to everyone individually for several hours now and we're all hard at work getting these things out! Also to anyone who hasn't yet provided their SHIPPING ADDRESS or PLANT CHOICES, we've crossed the threshold to deliver before Christmas without shipping USPS Overnight Express. For most, this is a $20-30 increase that we can accept over Amazon Payments or Paypal. We'll be trying you all one more time tomorrow over direct message, but we're also scrambling as it is to finish everyone's orders who got back to our message on time. Hi Noel... I'm out buying more printer ink cartridges at the moment but will send you your tracking info when I return to the studio. Anyone else who's still waiting will hear from me tonight. I'm sorry about the delay. We're scrambling to fulfill everyone's orders. Hi Jared -- Yes, received your DM this morning. Will make sure your shipment arrives on time. Yes -- everyone will receive a direct message with their USPS tracking number this weekend. Right now we're pulling out the stops, trying to get everything boxed up and into the back of a mail truck. A surge of new backers on the final two days on the campaign is making us work double-time. We're still on track to deliver before Christmas, though some may receive their packages on the 24th rather than the initial goal of the 23rd simply due to the somewhat unexpected, high volume of orders. We're hoping this won't disappoint anyone--but if does--please send us a direct message or email ( <email> ) and we'll try to accommodate. Also, there are several backers who haven't yet responded with shipping addresses and seed choices. We're reaching out to those individuals again to try to get their data in time to deliver by the 24th. If you're one of those and reading this now, please send us your info ASAP! Thank you all again for your support. We'll be in touch. And for us now--it's back to work! Dear Backers: Everyone is getting a direct message today requesting your seedling and shipping directions. Please get back to us ASAP so we can assemble your reward properly before our shipping day, this Thursday December 18. Regarding stretch goals: We had a few creative ideas in mind, but due to the overwhelmingly positive response -- especially over this past weekend -- we've decided to focus on the most important task of delivering everyone's backer rewards on time. However, there are a few "stretch-goal-sorta" options we'll put out there just in case anyone wants them... A: Raise your pledge by $1 per Seedling Kit and we'll leave the top cap label blank for your own handwriting and/or craftiness (as opposed to the Paper, Seed & Tree Co. labeling as seen in our first project update). B: Raise your pledge by $2 for each Seedling Kit you'd like to receive GREEN colored lids instead of standard BLACK colored lids (choose blank or PS&T labels. Limited to 10 backers) C: Raise your pledge by $3 for each Seedling Kit you'd like to receive RED colored lids instead of standard BLACK colored lids (choose blank or PS&T labels. Limited to 10 backers) E: Raise your pledge by $4 for each Seedling Kit you'd like receive GOLD colored lids instead of standard BLACK colored lids. (choose blank or PS&T labels. Limited to 5 backers) Thank you again for backing Seedling Gift Kits for the 2014 December holiday season! We look forward to shipping every one of your rewards this Thursday. Best, Paper, Seed & Tree Co. (PS&T) @Megan, Yes! We have a few stretch goals lined up. Look out for an update this weekend. @Jared, Thank you! We sure hope so. Watching a plant grow is impressive to all ages! Hi Noel, yes there are five holes at the bottom of the Seedlng Kit for water drainage and air circulation. Absolutely! Add up the total amounts (with shipping) for each reward you'd like, then send us a direct message to let us know what packages you'd like.