I looked at some amazing people minis today and was massively inspired. <url>#q=john%20cleese%20screwtape%20letters so- tomorrow is looking like: 1. finish furniture 2. three slugs 3. monster lair stuff while listening to the entire Robert Fripp oeuvre, and maybe John Cleese reading the Screwtape Letters: <url>… I was looking into the survey and hit submit by mistake, not realizing that the system allows only one survey per Pledge level. Sorry about that. We will get it sorted once all the sculpts are complete. A good source for casteline: <url>"broken" barbarian leader's chair and add a new fantasy shrrom- the "walking spore spitter". we have: IAM- the last two terror birds. WIP for the giant rhino. two extra prehistoric birds. Sea- mushrooms, fungus men, fungus, monster lair sleep area, alligator snapping turtle and I am working on a throne now. AR: From what our casting guy tells me, Casteline requires a silicon mold to create a master for casting. So, there is an extra step/expense. I have one more Fungus man that I want to sculpt and we are finishing the shroom details now. I spent the morning on terror birds and plan on working on the furniture after lunch. working on myconoids and fungus and got carried away. I will post fungus and fungus guys tomorrow with some furniture and the Alligator snapping turtle. Then I work in IAM stuff, and then back to the stretch goals here, which I will post with the majoutiry of the furniture on Sunday (he says hopefully) terrain- sculpey or fimo would be the least expensive I would think LOL! I have been using casteline for a while now. So, maybe it is easier for me. I will upload a new fungus man in a a few hours, along with some furniture. I am also finishing an IAM model today, as well. So, lots of stuff to show. working with the casteline now. Ungodly good stuff. Detailing the shrooms and I am amazed. I only used this stuff for big pieces, but it is amazing for 28mm. I am doing some IAM stuff tomorrow and will finish the shrooms (for this KS) so everyone can be happy with the next update. I am also going to sculpt the limbs and animal joints for the Monster Lair tomorrow. Going fast now. :) I like that, Will! I will photograph it tomorrow and put it up on the adwgames.com site. I think it is cool. It looks like wax is arriving today, so I think I would like to detail a few items and post 6-10 pieces all at once. Friday? I am happy with how it is going. I want to show some finished pieces on both KS over the next few days to bring up the enthusiasm level. errata: assembled= can be left UNassembled so_ we have a prototype of the Monster lair sleeping area. It is ripped up bark and a giant rug that fits into a 2" wide/3" long base. We will photograph that later this afternoon. We also have a monster lair chest made of rough hewn log. We stamped a set of broken furniture pieces from a Chelsea Historic District location. And, we have three of the six historic cannons almost complete. the important part of that is: they are being built in pieces that can be left assembled, if you are looking for a ruined cannon that your adventurers may be able to put back together if they have the correct skill set and/or determination. errata: These can be added to, or exchanged for, any monster lair, or furniture set purchased. should have read: These can be added to, or exchanged for, any piece of the monster lair set, or furniture set purchased. While we are waiting for the wax to arrive, we have sculpted a few burlap bags (tied up), a giant magic tome on a rock outcropping and a set of historic medieval bombards and cannons. These can be added to, or exchanged for, any monster lair, or furniture set purchased. The historic medieval bombards and cannons set will be a $10 add-on for anyone interested. I will post those photos on the next big Update, here. I posted Sea Monster WIP yesterday (see Updates) I posted the schedule for sculpting on the comment page (see two comments below your comment) As pieces are being completed, i will post them on the adwgames.com site and, since we are looking at a once a week "update" on both KS, and the Casteline is now arriving on Thursday, I would expect a nice big update on this KS Sunday (and every Sunday thereafter until completion) and early next week for IAM + a Friday IAM Update. So: moving forward, photos will be on the grid with a coin next to the mini. Got it. Working on cuttlefish and angel shark today possibly the kelpie everything else is a wax job for later in the week and the weekend. he furniture and the mushrooms are all blocked out and just waiting for the final wax, as well. So, if I really pump the caffeine with the team, I hope to get all giant sized monster completed, the furniture completed, the mushrooms completed (for IAM) all terror birds and 4 IAM not previously seen completed within a week. It looks like we are on track to have all Sea Monster sculpts done by month's end, and cast immediately after the IAM minis are cast. The idea is to finish a month ahead of schedule on this one, so we can have the rest of October for our Dark Carnival sculpts, and some museum client pieces that have been requested in silver. I can just take several photos...not a worry Hey Zach I think we can make that work. The were-shark fits on a 1x1", for instance. I will cut/paste this into a staff email and use that as a guide. i.e., the photos will have both moving forward I will use a ruler and print a one inch square Gotcha, AR Thanks Zach We have two new guys that I need to keep motivated. RobH Got it :) That is a wax deal. I am hoping to knock out all of the dungeon pieces this weekend, with the team. I will take step-by-step photos. Re: the coin: there is a post saying a 1" grid would be better? Thoughts? Also: a request to keep all of the large sea monsters below a 5" square? Please review (everyone), please review the comment on the Update and let me know if that is what the gaming community would require, and I will make it so. [Lars] 1. I clearly stated that we would not be tending to the "Comment" section of the IAM KS. If it is unclear: we will be posting updates weekly on IAM KS, and updating more frequently on the adwgames.com site. A link has been provided for that update page several times. 2. I will update every Friday until the miniatures have been delivered on both KS Campaigns; 3. The core duty before us, and we know this very well, is the move past the poor hiring choices that have put us behind schedule and move forward with new sculpts and more information. We chose the adwgames.com update page as the vehicle to achieve this, because It appears to the 5 people currently working on various aspects of this project, as if there is a small group of posting Pledgers on the IAM KS that sincerely hope we do not deliver, and are intent on driving hysteria towards that goal. That is counterproductive for our team and for the Pledgers that have placed their trust in us to fulfill. This is why we have chosen the new way of reporting progress outside of the comment section. I just finished the sculpey part of Porcine Whale (so that it could be cast ). I replaced the neck blades with a coral-like sculpt and added a man of seaweed, which I will detail in wax later this week. I think I will upload those photos tomorrow to the adwagmes site. ADW miniatures are produced for several markets, including the toy, collectible, museum, educational and the miniature wargaming markets. ADW produces miniatures based on historic animals and myth that have been heretofore ignored by other miniature manufacturers. Often miniature design will reflect, in the case of mythological beings, a contemporary interpretation of the original artwork. Robh? Did you want step-by-step on a turtle or the Kelpie from the sculpey armature stage, up on the adegames.com site, as well? From Lars: I will certainly ask him on Wednesday and post the response/transcript, Robh. As mentioned several times, wax arrives this week. The team works throughout next weekend. I am certain you will appreciate the results. The silent majourity is the majuourity that has sent emails, stating their displeasure with the state of the IAM comment board. From S. Lantry: Comments on the Updates will be monitored. The comments on the Comments page for IAM, will not be monitored. As mentioned, they have become unproductive, ill-considered, reactionary and repetitive in a way that is counterproductive to the success of any civil communication pipeline, counterproductive to the project and not representative of the disposition majourity of the Pledgers. I reiterate for the final time: 1.Updates will happen once a week through KS. Updates will occur as a posted "Update" not a daily entry in the "Comments" section. Perhaps that is the misunderstanding? 2. More frequent updates will occur on the Adwgames.com site 3. We are not answering the comment board on IAM, as the overwhelming majourity of the Pledgers feel that it is not representative of said majourity, and it appears as if a handful of people are asking questions that have been answered several times. As such, neither the project, nor the majourity of the Pledgers, are being served by that mode of communication. From S. Lantry: To Clarify: 1. We have stated several times that the Updates will happen once a week through KS. Updates will occur as a posted "Update" not a daily entry in the "comments" section. Perhaps that is the misunderstanding? 2. More frequent updates will occur on the Adwgames.com site 3. We are not answering the comment board on IAM, as the overwhelming majourity of the Pledgers feel that it is not representative of said majourity, and it appears as if a handful of people are asking questions that have been answered several times. As such, neither the project, nor the majourity of the Pledgers, are being served by that mode of communication. From S. Lantry, ADW Chairman: As a reminder, ADW is extremely happy to cooperate and communicate with our Pledgers on both projects in every single aspect thereof. We also recognize that the majourity of our Pledgers expect civil discourse and a certain standard of communication from their fellows, as well as the project Directors. If you remember: È il tono che fa la musica. I expect that everyone who has the wisdon, or capacity, to keep this in mind will be extremely happy with the results of our efforts over the next few weeks. Nergal The Update section allows for public comment on both KS Campaigns and will be maintained in good faith. We are happy to comply with that guideline. Following up on the furniture/mushrooms: I will start finishing those on Thursday, once the Casteline arrives in Office re: steps well, the first step is ugly. I built all of the furniture and mushroom armatures out of sculpey. Mainly to see what the sets looked like in scale. Trying to get a feeling for what would be unpacked by a Pledger, and judging their reaction to value-for$15. It is impressive. But, the sculpey armatures are just that, ugly armatures. Would you like me to do the turtles and photograph each step of sculpting for the adwgames update page? Happy to do that tomorrow, if you like. That being said: I remember that the guys said that Casteline would work in the Conley system without melting. If have to check on that one. Again, casting if not my bailiwick. That is a question that is beyond me, Robh. I have a con call with the guys on Wednesday. We could put together a list of questions, if you like, and I will post the transcript. Let me know. Happy to do that. Robh: It seems like the wax construction (by hand) for the furniture is faster. I do not cast, but the casting guys say silicon all around. Evidently, they have spoken to the Casteline guys re: tech specs. One of the forums on this: <url>"As SeanB said it can be done with a heated mold providing it's a silicone RTV mold since that can withstand lower temp oven baking. Results vary though since shrinkage can still occur in spots on larger pieces. If the piece you're working on is pretty much finish and you don't foresee any more revisions or any re-baking you can always do the other pieces in wax. Personally I would just finish that one in the same medium and switch to wax on the next project." NergeL: Your email has been forwarded to the Chairman for ADWGames. the update page is up...there is nothing to show at the moment we have wax and new tools next week, so everyone should be very surprised and happy soon we may have missed a crossover IAM/SeaMonster: <url>… we missed one: <url>"rally"?..I do not know if it a Safari thing or a KS thing. I am beginning to despise the Mac. why did it change Proxxon to "proton"? arghhh…. After a bit of a sleepless night, or, rather, a night or dreaming about sculpting, I "broke" the mold on the broken furniture. To wit: I own every Proxxon tool ever made and planned on building the furniture in hard wax the exact same way I would build miniature wooden furniture. I spoke with a Castaline pro yesterday, and it seems like my plans are right on the money. The process: I will take the hard wax, create boards, in, yes, a pasta roller. Cut said planks on the proton table saw. I would then detail it with a hot wax needle over patterned areas I have stencilled. Some of those pieces I will assemble and some of the those pieces I will "break" and add wood grain and splinters to said breaks. I will heat up the surface of each piece and press a texture mold made from white sculpey, which has been made by pressing the sculpey against a variety of actual weathered wood samples and baking it. I know it sounds simple. It is! But, with this process and that tool set, I can create world-class dungeon furniture, which is rally impossible with another medium, other than wax, as far as I can tell. So: happy morning on this side. I did order wax from a new source, as the NYC source has not returned phone calls and has not traced my order. I expect that to be here by Tuesday/Wednesday, after which I will work 6-7 days straight to finish the furniture, the mushrooms and (with help) the majority of the outstanding IAM minis). I know this may sound trivial, but I was worried about the broken furniture. What a load off. Upshot:? We will have world-class furniture and world-class broken furniture in short order! thanks Robh I will check it in the morning before I head to work. done. It will be up tomorrow. www.adwgames.com/sea_update.html Thanks David I think I am going to ask for a page on AdwGames devoted to Sea Monsters so people can bookmark and look at it whenever they want. Let me make that call now... I have the furniture shapes blocked out for size reference. Now the tricky question: Do you want a photo of this incredibly raw blocking, or do you want to wait for detail photos. I have requests on IAM for both, in fact I have people that demand armature photos and others that demand no photos before the piece is done. Let's set the stage for this KS. Tell me what you prefer LOL! nice work got it no bases we can put them on a sprue Wiliam How many mushrooms is that in total? Love you lillypads, btw I put the beefsteak on an upright log. you can decide if you want two logs or one. the mushroom caps take up the one inch, the base is ~1/3 inch- so- two facing in opposite directions would fill up a hallway? so- I will post the mushroom and furniture armature tomorrow morning then I will think about the broken furniture and do the kelpie and turtle armature while we wait for the wax to arrive I agree RMK I am laying out the mushroom armature on a 1X1 now, just to see what the total set looks like good- less work so: I will work on this after lunch for scale purposes. should not take more than 90 minutes, or so. Maybe I will look for a dungeon map to print out, so I can put the pieces on something for reference. If you know of one, please send it my way. I was building the furniture to the 28mm scale without bases did you want them to be on 1" bases? I could do that, too actually I am going to block out the furniture now, so I can see it all lined up. I will post that tomorrow, at some point. I will get all armatures done and photographed in short order, RobH Let's say: one week. Once the wax gets here, I will have the team finish everything up rather quickly. Quick, fast, clean, detailed with solid communication is what we will have with this one. October is Carnival month- November is that launch (post IAM and SM delivery) This month is IAM and Sea Monster production/fixing. Lots of new photos. Waiting on wax, but will post armatures for everything so people do not get concerned along the way. To make Sea Monster simple and clean and super-friendly, we will be updating 2x a week and finishing all sculpts before the end of the month. We then just put the casting in schedule behind IAM, and we start building excitement for the next big event. Thanks Everyone. Please stay in touch as we post updates. I will prob. need feedback on the broken furniture and the lair as we go along. Talk this weekend with furniture, kelpie and turtle armature photos. Renaissance Carnival filled with mythic creatures, black powder options, super-dark, weird forest thingies and a sourcebook compatible with Pathfinder, Doggerland and current D&D- think tents, carts, cages, illusionists, freaks, monsters, bounty hunters, thieves and golems on the outskirts of town. Ok the plan is deliver these asap. I love feedback as we go along, as long as it is not super hostile, we can make some amazing pieces together. Then I return in November (post delivery) for an amazing carnival themed KS...it will be incredible. once it is on the website, we will get normal-priced sales, I am certain. I will post all of the furniture armature tomorrow, so you can see the scale. Details will be finished in wax. I am faster by hand than the 3D guy is on furniture. turtles.. yup soo cool Dennis I think we need someone professional to run the next KS (after we deliver this and IAM). It is its own monster, really. And...soooo close to turtles. Fingers crossed. shipping should not really increase, Dennis. As long as we mail the pieces out together. Thank you RMK we are just waiting on the delivery of our Casteline wax at the moment. Once that is here we will be cranking out the minis for your inspection. We would like feedback on the "lair" and the "broken" furniture, as we go along. The Monsters are pretty straightforward. We appreciate your kind words. It goes a long way to inspiring the team to work harder, faster and with more imagination. RMK yes. the clarification was for non-IAM readers,s o they are not expected IAM benefits Dennis: 1. 9 small sea monsters 2. the large Sea Bishop (WIP in the photo) 3. the stalagmite add-on set 4. any free stretch goals If I read your comment correctly you were talking about the IAM reqard? that still stands. OK Dennis let me parse through the comments and get your answers. Two minutes. RMK Please keep in mind that the walls were designed to be different looking @ 2 and 3" If you want a specific wall design, please let me know. The worst of them is the thorn wall, as you can imagine. But, we are happy to work with you to get what you want. trevor with our schedule, we can craft the monster lair early next week, if you like. I think the issue is reference art, not time. It should not take more than 3-4 hours? Hi Trevor The monster lair is different. That was a request from RobH, maybe? The idea was to make it look put together by monsters, as opposed to wrecked by monsters. Plus, the limbs and cauldron, and such. RMK we will be offering 3" and 2" walls next month you can have whichever you prefer Thanks RMK That was the inspiration for this KS! I can get that done first thing in the morning. I get in around 7am EST. The majourity of the furniture requires wax. I can get a wall completed after the Kelpie, I guess. RMK yes Hi Nergel I think I am at a loss. There was no PM and I can not find the comment. 1. You can increase your pledge throughout September, 2. yes. verified IAM Pledge gives that to you RMK! I will sculpt the kelpie tomorrow morning. Hi Stuart I believe that is furniture and mushrooms have to check the AR's chart 1. break even 2. switch em out RobH! LOL! First laugh of the day. I made my whole life on the water. And, I am still thinking about investing in a snake water tube technology: <url>#.VA9JRPldWDk I have been looking at this for years. Our firm ran the numbers and it works the permitting is the big issue unless you are in international waters. And, I was thinking of setting up a Red Claw farm when I retire. So, it strikes me as (excuse me and my poor internet etiquette) freakish when someone does not go to water as the source of all joy. That being said, this is, as you know, a break-even KS. You can switch out whatever you like. I think I even owe you a few minis for your support and decency throughout this process. Shoot me an email and I will hook you up. I think you might like the line coming out around the Holidays. As an early advocate, I will give you a "review" set. If you are not interested, personally, it is so cool, please give them to some young relative. I remember every toy I was ever given. They make important gifts to youngsters. I have a few hours, Dennis Let me set into it. Will Also, as stated, I am an engineer, not really used to internet communications. So, there is the chance that what you read is not at all how I mean to sound. So: I am open to the more traditional phone call, if you wish to discuss anything about this project. Hi Dennis I will set to work on that now. Give me an hour or so. I assume the 15 and 30$ format works for you? And, if I do the rest of the levels in that format, that would make sense? Let me know before I start going off on the wrong course. Will I have invited you to call me. I am happy to discuss any subject. Best Lars William. The product will be delivered. I really do not have the time to play around on something this easy and this small except for love of the project. There are a lot easier ways to earn money. This is a project that is producing miniature that did not exist in the marketplace. I joined the team because I want to see these products in the marketplace. And, while this is not the forum to delve to into my background, I have twenty years experience in leading production of a much more complex type, spec marine engineering. This is a simple project. It is a project the current team happens to love very much, and, as professional adults, who are leading the project on a break-even basis, and receiving no payment ourselves, we are very happy to see that over 300 people are as enthusiastic about our efforts as we are about the minis we are producing. If you had misread me, I apologize. If you would like to talk to me during business hours re: this project or IAM, I am readily available. William No attitude here. You misread me. We did have PT employees answering some comments on the last KS. That was a disaster and we have apologized for this. That does not effect our intentions or our ability re: fulfillment. Olog is not a backer. (Olog is in fact a troll in Tolkien fiction). That person signed up for an account today, pledged a dollar, posted a comment, then withdrew said dollar. What you may not know is that we have been getting a lot of hate emails. We got them when running IAM, as well. As an adult, in the real world, who is set on providing everyone here with a high-quality product, this is annoying, but not enough to rise my temper. I understand that is part of doing business on the internet. As mentioned, I am personally responsible for this and IAM. You can freely email me, or we can talk on the phone at any business hour. I have been very forthright and clear about the progress and process related to the two KS Campaigns and I will make certain that only high-quality minis are delivered. I hear you, Zach That is precisely why I was brought on board. As mentioned, I do have a full-time job in another industry, but I do manage very complex engineering projects as part of that job. The early freelancers working with ADW were not good employees, and some were not good people. That is a risk that every new company faces when hiring. Hiring basically is your company. Once the wax arrives and the new team gets to work, things will progress very rapidly. Also, of note: some of your concerns I address directly on this KS. 1. There is a 100% money back guarantee if we are late in delivering 2. There is a 100% money back guarantee if you do not like the sculpts 3. My team will have all of the Sea Monster sculpts completed before the end of the month. Thanks for the post, Mydienon After IAM and Sea Monsters have been delivered we have an amazingly cool line coming out around the Holidays. It, again, explores an historic area which has not been part of the mini world, yet. Keep us in mind. Best Lars Ah! I see, John. You disliked the WIP that I rejected? Good. Happy to hear it. Glad we are thinking along the same lines. You never know what you are going to get when you hire a freelancer. You would be surprised. People actually submit portfolios of work that is not theirs and hand in just awful stuff. Thankfully, I have seen the new team in-action, first-hand. Our new hiring process is to see a basic sculpt in-person in 30 minutes. It works. A good CAD person will take an hour for a solid base mesh of an animal, a good sculptor will take 30 minutes. We had one person attempt to hand in a horrible piece - around 3 inches long- saying it took two working days to complete. War stories of hiring poorly, really. No worries, we have it sorted now. And, again, if you or anyone, wishes to talk directly, I am happy to pick up the phone and talk in good faith, good humour and all due respect. I have not read a single post on any board. As mentioned, I am focused on solutions and deadlines, John. I have posted on IAM that the sculpts handed in from 3rd parties were not up to my standards. Choosing between handing out poor minis to Pledgers or resculpting with new a team, I chose to resculpt. We stay within our delivery goals and we hand out something we can be proud of. Delivering poor quality minis is not an option for me. I appreciate that Zach As outlined on IAM, when we started this project (before I joined the team) there were several "artists" that signed on board and delivered nothing, not a single sculpt. There was one that stole materials from the company. Recently, there were two that handed in poor sculpts. When I took over as project manager, I hired two new part-time sculptors and I am personally devoting time outside of my day job to make this a professional effort and not a free-for-all for (con) artists. Re: finished pieces. this has been addressed on the IAM comment and update section. I am waiting for wax to arrive in the offices and we will fix what we can from the poor base sculpts and sculpt anything new that is required. From Lars: Olag: seems like you are brand new to KS and never backed anything? If you have a serious question, please email me directly and I will be happy to get on the phone to discuss any issues or valid, adult concerns you may have. It is the same offer to speak openly, honestly and directly to anyone, on any business day. In case you need my email again: <email> Hi Olag Lars, here, we are a company in fine good standing with 9 years of no debt, no complaints, no problems. While our competition does have a history of bashing us, and has refused to answer our calls regarding this foul practice, this, in no way, effects our ability to continue to do business, and certainly does not effect our commitment to producing innovative products in the miniature world. We do realize that some people do not want a new company to enter "their" space. We offer the obvious reply that miniatures are everyone's space. And, we specialize in historic miniatures that, for better or worse, the competition has not had the insight or where with all to research and produce themselves. While your comments and the comments on the various boards certainly fit into the current zeitgeist of harassing "outsiders", it will not effect our ability and commitment to produce intelligent and interesting miniatures. How those interested in the tactics and positions which you seem to be embracing, I refer you to the wonderful set of recent "gamer" related acts and articles here: <url>"free items" be purchased as add-ons if we want multiples? yes $10 each 9. Update #2 lists additional free items -- a set of mushroom terrain and a big or small scale monster. Are these in addition to everything else listed as a free stretch item? that was intended for IAM Pledgers 10. Could you post a clear list of everything that comes with each pledge level and add-on, and the pledge price? I'd love to increase my pledge now (before the end of the Kickstarter) but I'm really not entirely sure how much to increase it by... I will try to get around to this. I have promised more sculpts today, as well. New backer here...and confused about the pledge rewards. I can see the $15 pledge is a good deal though, so I backed it immediately. The pledge spreadsheet posted by Aard_Rinn (thank you!) is helpful, but I'm comparing that to the Kickstarter page here and trying to figure out a bit more... Questions: 1. Everything from the Ice Age kickstarter is available at $10 each, including the sculpts that were a $15 add-on (Gompotherium, Andrewsarchus, Unitatherium, etc.)? We are following AR's chart on this one. 2. Big sea monsters are $15 each, or $200 for all ten? Isn't the $200 for 10 a worse deal? $200 gets ten Epic size and 10 giant/smaller size. 3. Small-scale sea monsters are $10 each, or $30 for all 10? Isn't $30 for 10 an incredibly good deal? yes. It is. 4. The mushroom sculpts are $30 for the set, or $10 for the set? $30 5. The 12 stalagmites are $10 for the set, or does $10 get both the stalagmites and the entire mushroom set? the mushrooms in the stalagmite set are simple, small mushrooms was it an email or comment? Negel I just got in and I signed off last night around 7pm, so I did not see an email I will look now _Lars_ OK guys tapping the mat I will be back first thing in the morning. @Robh I called our attorney and it seems 3D pieces that are similar to 2D art is a gray area. I was doing DarkSun sculpts and calling them DarkSun sculpts, which is a clear violation of IP. Not trying to sell them . mind you, just wanted to put them on my CV. So, in a nutshell, I will do a SeaLion as a $5K stretch goal. I will just call it something else, and change something small so it is "inspired by" AR? what is the add-on price for walls? I should add that. detailing the mini L now. Looks like I am sculpting the Kelpie tomorrow morning. one of our freelancers sent in a sea wolf sculpt, as well. Batteries died on the Fuji (why did they use AA batteries?), so I need to run to the store and get another pack. The world turtle is a massive sculpt that will be produced in January/February for the 15mm Doggerland game. Limited to 50 casts. There is an offer for Ice Age Mammal Pledgers that is in effect, yes. New Pledges get the same deal for $15+shipping. Customer Loyalty Offering, really. We will do the same thing after we deliver and start our pre-Holiday KS. Brian At this point, it may be an Arrdrin question. I am going to take an hour an catch up on my day job phone calls. Be back soon. A flying fish/narwhale. interesting. Would have to cast the wings separately...and provide a clear resin stand? RobH! Amazing! Wonder how copyright works on that one. I got a letter re: my Dark Sun sculpts. I could change it a bit. I love that guy. base sculpt for Leviathan posted I will clean him up after he cools down adding the scales, the stomach pattern and the eyes. OK two snapping turtles when we hit $4.5K stretch goal time (while miniL is cooking) how about free giant snapping turtles? you can have a mini leviathan the base sculpt is cooking now give it 30 minutes the big Levi is a lot of resin back from lunch working on items mentioned and the mini -L sculpt for mini leviathan being posted after I eat lunch _Lars_ Thanks Dennis 1/2 done Eli removed! Hi Colin Please read through the updates and comments on Ice Age Mammals I had to fire and rehire freelancers and we are correcting bad sculpts and finishing new sculpts this month (as per the deadline posted on that KS), which will finish that one up. We are actually not only on track, but we will be delivering sculpts of a much higher quality thanks to the housekeeping (and extra investment secured by Dina). You can always buy whatever you missed here on the website next month(once we break free from production to update it the last week of September) _LArs_ Sculpy base sculpts are cooling down. I will add some detail (as much as possible without wax) and post those photos within the hour. _Lars_ I am on my first cup of coffee and baking off the additional sculpts so I can finish the detail level. After that I am cleaning up the KS page with new photos, pledge levels and size charts. all in all, about 4 hours away. _Lars_ checking in I will do both brain coral and mushrooms corals after the details due tomorrow I like the stories and I like the challenge (new guys are reporting tomorrow, so a completely different challenge), gatorade and back to sleep until early EST... OK sleeping until 6-6:30 am EST, tomorrow updates aplenty tomorrow thank you, Everyone for your input this is a fun challenge for me and I appreciate your attention and support to be "playable" you would need coral minions and then the giant brain coral, so I need to sleep on that one. Coral spiders? actually, giant brain coral is amazing psionics abound small the smaller sea monsters are 30-45 mm not huge if you want spouts, that is some-assembly-required but I will include them I have the mini-leviathan as a single piece cast, as well, so, saves time on the consumer side and casting on ours. I like the idea of brain coral being the central, evil computer/mastermind of a campaign that would be cool corral is amazing casting coral is not brain coral is an easy cast <url>", Robh I have a 6am alarm on for tomorrow. I am a morning person after years on the ocean. by that 48hour bell we will ring true. totally of subject but reading "Lord Jim" at the moment. I highly recommend that any DM or storyteller take a look at the language in that book. Good stuff. _lars_ waterlining the sculpts Rob That being said, I am creating masters that can be rounded, later, with wax for the collector. $7 before KS ends $10 Pledge Manager prob $12 MSRP Lars2AR I am on it. shark fins! magnificent in the simplicity! walls, here, are $7 add-ons (412 afterwards) Sable: heard. I think I can get 1-5 done in 20 hours. Up to the level of the IAM sculpts on that page. I will not post anything that is rough. I think I can do: 1. small leviathan 2. slugs 3. maggots 4. small porcine whale 5. a chest from the furniture collection before the 48 hour bell rings. I will need to finish them all with wax for fine detail, though. All I have here is sculpy and some green stuff (which I do not use). (We had a very classical fine art dept in uni. - clay and wax, only. Plus, back then I was building structures that offset my engineering degree.) O.k., so those sculpts, and the size chart. The water bug and crab are definitely wax jobs. As is the water horse. I could draw the mushrooms, or put photos next to the silly silhouette guy, if you think that would be of use. Thoughts? _Lars_ The foil Leviathan was solely for size reference. Showing that 10 inches of fish on a mini board is HUGE, and asking if that was too big to be of use. Is it? I can do the size charts, work on the Pledge charts and give a small version of the leviathan before the 48 hour bell. That would be a fun challenge. All that being said, I do have a consulting job that is looming and as fun as sculpting and KS Campaigns are, I will be preparing for a prototype test of a water power generator for a client this coming Thursday. Just something to pay for my time here :) size ref charts. O.K. That seems simple enough and something I can handle alone. Let me set into that one. since we switched teams/talent (under circumstances explained in IAM), and have gone from sculpy to casteline for detailing reasons, and sculpy/milliput to CAD/Blender for accuracy/detail/3dWax Printer reasons, we are a bit short on the actual sculpts at the moment. Let me see what I can do. I could block out a lot of pieces, but would that be the best use of time? _Lars_ I will need a few hours to work on the reorganization _Lars_ So in the next 20 hours we should lead with the Pledge level breakdown? And include pics of what people get with each? _Lars_ been addressed already, estrus no relation. Hi Dennis I will get on that after a lunch break I have added maggots, but it is very slow today. Wonder if we will make that stretch? the guy shipping had a medical emergency so we called on friday to confirm that it has been shipped. It was not. so, we guess mid-week. I will work through the weekend to bring us up to date. IAM minis are coming after the casteline has been delivered. Most are quick fixes, really. Some need new heads/faces. All need new feet. And, about three need to be crushed into powder and forgotten. This is MORE interesting: <url>"scavenged/stolen stuff instead of the Giant furniture" bit. Will implement that take on the Lair furnishings. _Lars_ I was thinking a building some quick furniture armature today, so you can see size references to go along with the photo references. If that is of interest, let me know. I will finish furniture details in Casteline this week, whenever I need a break from IAM fangs, fur, faces and feet. Good Morning Everyone I, Lars, am up and around and will be manning the stretch goal station for the next few hours. Let me hear from you and we should be able to get a few more cool freebies up on this one. HI Dennis ADW has a shipping import/export consultant attached. That was one of their early strategic relationships, due to the museum wholesale relationships in place. please shoot me an email @ <email> I think I am going to sleep now. I will be around all day tomorrow for stretch goals, concept art, clarification, whatever is needed. Thank you Everyone! I have to check with Dina and AR. I do not have the spreadsheet in front of me. Give me until tomorrow and I will have the answer. instead of Sea Monsters? Never thought of that. Yes. Sure. Polypus added! Epic size will be 7 inches. Giant size 4 inches. Jared, Sir, I think you are on to something there wall concept art ported to this KS Our wall images are the same concept images from the (cancelled) Band of Gnomes. Slightly less than 2" wide in order to fit in Dungeon Tiles, etc.. Let me go cut and past them to this KS. A walrus man would be slow and ponderous, but given to massive rage. Like a D&D Hill Giant but smart and tricky. How about a walrus man, similar to this? <url>"sing" when swung and it could be effective at blocking or disarming like a complex shield/giant main gauche mash-up. If you want to comment, please do. If you want this guy sculpted, I will put him as the $3K (free) stretch goal, with an option to add-on another in a different pose. _Lars_ I am thinking of SeaBear being something like this: <url>"smaller" versions you requested earlier. So, steed-like in scale. Maybe the Leviathan would be in that 5" category. You could call them dwarf versions of the Epic size, if that makes more sense? Hey Kanga (obviously Lars, here_ Here is a photo of a tin foil armature for the Leviathan: <url>" LOL! I will roll up some tin foil now for an armature. I can block it out this afternoon. I need to run to the store in about 10 minutes Thanks Galit email Dina through KS and tell her I am certain she will reward your efforts. _Lars_ so- the giant leviathan I have at about 10 inches long. Would you like me to block out a 6 inch long leviathan? 6 inches=152 mm equals, or about 32 feet long in 28mm scale, right? Or would 5 inches be better? Let me know and I will pull out some clay right now. Thanks Galit Tell a bunch of friends and it will happen. I would do a straight eel in metal. Expensive? yup. Worth it. I could cast it with a hollow bottom to save money. But, would anyone use it? Or would that be a collectible type of piece? I think AR, you mentioned that the big pieces are sort of "one adventure and out"? _Lars_ I personally like the boat idea. Bill: Tentacles are always a casting problem. There will be assembly required for that. AR: the tattoo idea is cool _Lars_ Hey Tim I could do an eel, sure. How long do we want that thing to be? One foot? _Lars_ 1. hitting the goal would pay for the resin and shipping :) 2. I love a sea gnome, though I am not the guy to sculpt small figures. I think we will shoot that over to the Blender guy and the 3D wax printer. Good idea, though. How about a boat? That would be cool...something smallish, but useful to play with? 3. I am waiting on the wax to get here before I post any more WIP. I want to see everyone's jaw collectively drop when the before/after photos are released. Let me know what exact size you are looking for re: the leviathan mount. That is an easy sculpt and I can get one of those done fairly quickly. I could do a quick armature/blocking in sculpy this afternoon and finish detailing in wax next week. Let me know. _Lars_ Thanks Robh I posted an Update. I am around all day to listen to stretch goal ideas. $540 more and I will be happy to sculpt a few freebies. It is all about good will at this point. Thank You Gait You are free to email me or call the office and I will return your call anytime. Look: I am just that close to 40 and I make a decent wage. I happen to share a profound love of folklore and history and myth with the adw people that started this and funded this. And, I can crack a whip when "freelancers" ask for money and deliver nothing. Wow. why does that happen? Whole other story. My main joy at the moment is getting that wax and fixing that cr*p. As a guy that works with oceanographers every week the sea monster thing is dear to me, honestly, as the IAM is. I think we all forget that history unless there is a small reminder there in the home, right? I remember when I was young and we had minis from Disney around. I went to school thinking about the movies we all saw (if you were around ) in the 70s. They were empowering. I remember an Ice Age Elephant book my mom bought me when I was 5, from a used book store well before the internet. Those are important memories. I do not think it is easy to share D&D stories with the young gen, but it is easy to show them am IAM or a Sea Monster and share something that is bigger than a single person or family. I would carry that around as an important memory. I would carry a sea monster mini around as something important. Toss away a selfie, toss away this gen's iphone. Would I toss away a sea monster that I shared with my family? For me: I would have loved to share that as a joke, as a story, as a shared part of history, as something different that they took a moment to pass along. That's why we do this, and choose our topics. There are times when I clearly do not understand the internet, but I understand my craft and I understand why I spend my free time trying to share stories through minis. I appreciate the comment. I will be around for a long time and I hope I can re-enchant by helping all of us remember our shared heritage. Big Beat Obviously influenced from my Aphex Twin post on the IAM KS Choose Big Beast or Sea Monster Just promise to tell a friend Sable Fox Big Beat or Bis Sea Monster not an issue just let me know. WW, Everyone here is kinds "older", so we do not care so much about much except for that trust. The early team was bad. I will admit that. Hiring is always tough. When you get to a certain point you choose to trust people and I guess that is a fault that might be enhanced by the lack of face2face internet. So: we made an err (or two) in judgement, which we are fixing. Being "older", we believe in correct action and fixing something when it goes wonky. I think next year is our year in the mini world. We spent a lot of money on errs and a lot of money on tools. Ideas are not an issue. Stupid,stupid,stupid as it is we all have grad degrees that are growing on 20 years old at this point. I have a lot of experience in casting silver (outside of my engineering life where I basically do math for oceanography/energy innovators), and though this KS is new to me (and D, a dear friend) we believe in the myths, right? Myths are shared things. Shared ideas to talk about. Something other than "news", right? That is what appealed to us when the core team said "what about a KS for deep, deep myth minis and things that actually lived which no kid knows about..." you got it WW Aard you have the "Freebie Queen" award. Stop Pledging. If you pay for shipping moving forward, every production piece we do is yours. Build a new shelf. start? typos IAM will be done this month and Sea Monsters will be done before Halloween I am on this ...and I will be taking requests in November before my team starts the Doggerland and Mythological creature sculpts _Lars_ the problem is with the holiday and bad hires and I need more Castilene shipped I can give you the corporate phone #, and you have my contact info I give you complete authority to internet crucify if I do not see both Ks start before Halloween We are producing everything, so I can stay employed throughout October. I am just giving away freebies. We have the funding and I am driven to build goodwill. _Lars_ understood. our sculptors are just getting back into the groove after we were burned by our first two "sculptors". So we are behind the eight ball on this one, but catching up fast. A horror story of hiring people on the web. No worries. If we do not fund, we still send out the freebies to our backers. _Lars_ not this time, Sable the real issue has been scale. we have had freelancers handing in product that was not to scale and/or sculpy product that was not ready to cast. As mentioned, I came onboard to change over to a Castilene and 3d wax print production process. The real key here is, we are still small. And, I can be reached by phone anytime. And, whatever I cannot sculpt quickly in Castline I will send over to the 3D guys to sculpt in Blender. Which means: we have room and time to work on pieces with our customers. done We can certainly put a heraldic symbol on the furniture. Choose one from the Doggerland symbol on adwgames and we will make it so. Also: there will be a revamping of this KS in a few days that reflects our new production pipeline. I am in the office tomorrow. Had to jump and get the investment clearances for the wax printer. :) @Gailt That is a great question. One of our team asked Shane over at Pinnacle if he was thinking of a new mini line and he said "only if it was pre-painted". I have been able to source a pre-painted solution that allows us to pay salaries. That being said, pre-painted is appealing. We were approached by several museums for provide some Ice Age Mammal sculpts at wholesale- 90% of them want pre-painted. I guess that goes over to Dina to look up while we are deep in the production. pre-detail, yes. I will go in with grey/firm in a bit, bake that off and go in with two-part epoxy to finish it off. It might be wise to finish the mushrooms tonight and tomorrow morning, as well, now that we are a staff pick. btw. I photograph in B&W when the base sculpt is original sculpy, to bring out contrast. As you may know, pink sculpy (original) is flesh-coloured and does not "read" very well. And, As I will be adding layers of differing colours, B&W helps communicate the form better than colour. The crude furniture is part of "Set 3: Monster Lair", though I could add a chest of drawers or cupboard, if you like. In fact, doing it now. 410=$10 @RMK: just calling our casting guy now for the price to produce a 22 piece set, but I think we are locked on 22 stalagmite pieces for 410 on this KS. Furniture that can break apart? Hmmm.maybe rules that allow trolls to break furniture and use it as a weapon? I will look into this and get an answer pronto. wow staff pick! cool! better stay late tonight. :) Preview of stalagmite set. Set will include 12 stalagmites and 10 little mushrooms. Add-on price will be $10. <url>" to fit in a corridor. Could be a spell wall. Wall of Solid Mineral Droplets? baking off the first batch of stalagmites now. Looks like it will be a set of 12 + ten small mushrooms. furniture image updated giant throne will be stretch goal @AR: of course, a throne. obvious one wasn't it @Robh: pre ransack @Colin: walls, mushrooms and fungus men, working on it. will have that update with the first of the stalagmites done OK Let's check this reference art out: <url>#3 and firm to finish. For sculpts that can be finished without extreme detail, we follow the basic steps: <url>"free shame"! Obviously, shame is an option. "Some" will be free and some will be add-ons. Terrain: All terrain other than what has been mentioned will be stretch goals. As they unlock, shame will be free and some will be add-ons. Here is my list. Please advise, as it will be official this afternoon: 1. Kegs (free and add-on) 2. Tree Stumps (free and add-on) 3. Medieval torture Chamber (add-on) 4. Stalagmites (free and add-on) 5. Ransacked tomb (add-on) 6. Evil Artefacts (add-on) 7. Giant book on pedestal (add-on) 8. Bookshelf (add-on) 9. Boar on a roasting spit (add-on) 10. The Big skulls and bones Pak (free and add-on) 11. Water spout and Whirlwind (add-on) 12. Runes (free and add-on) 13. Crystals (free and add-on) Let me know what strikes your fancy and we will make it happen. Thanks Eden! AR: How about a few free myconids to all Pladgers, kind of like the Terror Birds. I could whip up a few today for you to review. _Lars_ Thanks Robh. We will give you Recognisable Debris, for certain. Check back tomorrow morning. _from Lars_ a comprehensive list of dungeon terrain has been worked out. I will upload the list tomorrow morning and instead of drawing, we will actually sculpt as we go, so you WYSIWYG. Some with be stretch goals and all will be avilable as add-ons once they are unlocked. I will be working on the medieval torture room set tomorrow, as well as the Dungeon Lair, which is more of a troll's kitchen with bedroll and a lot of cool details. _lars_ And maybe a burial room with coffins and giant beetles. Pieces of mummies left from a tomb raid? _Lars_ Ohh..that is cool smaller sea creatures we were looking at giant crabs and a set of evil frogs as the first stretch goal Oldest Old mentioned frogs and we have been doing quick sketches and clay studies ever since. The achiyalabopa is also very cool. One thing we need to wrap is more terrain sets, I think. Some of my ideas were: 1. Evil artifact set 2. Sewer set 3. Sacrificial Altar set 4. Brewer's storage room Any interest in those as stretch goal Dungeon furniture ideas? _From Lars_ We will have concept art for dungeon furnishings up tomorrow. And, I think there are two new Sea Monster sculpts that will be ready, as well. And we are open to stretch goal ideas. Hi AR Lars, here. I am running this one, so do not hesitate reach out to me if you need anything, or have any suggestions as we go forward. We have the three sculptors working every day, so we can always find time for cool stretch goal suggestions.