Hi Chris, I just sent you a private message! Thanks! Shannon Hi Mel, I have tracked your order and it appears to be in Canada, fingers crossed delivering soon. I will send you a private message with your tracking number. Thanks! Shannon Hi Philip! I just tracked your order and it was delivered today. I will private message you your tracking number! I hope you received it by now! Let us know if we can help with anything else. Thanks! Shannon Hi Lauren, We are so excited your leash arrived! Yes, we love pictures – #weleash or #wefordogs. You can also post it on our Facebook page, We For Dogs. Or simply email me at <email> and we can share! If you have any questions as you learn, please reach out!! Best! Shannon Hi Michael, So sorry! I am surprised, we have abused them intentionally while testing. I am going to send you a private message to get your address and send you a replacement. Thanks! Shannon Hi Vicki! Thanks for your comment, I just sent you a private note via Kickstarter! Thanks, too, for the support! Best, Shannon Hi Philip, I sent you a note to your inbox! All is on time! Thanks! Shannon Hi Austin! I sent you a note to your email. Please let me know if you did not receive it or if you have any other questions. Thanks! Shannon Yan Liang Sim, I sent you a personal note to your email, please let me know if you did not receive it! Thanks for your support! Shannon Thanks Amy! Cooper should be our model, he's a cutie! Thanks Kim and Tashi! We are bouncing with excitement here too. These suggestions are great, we are going to be adding toys to the line regularly. Leashes are on their way, we are looking forward to getting them to our Backers. Thank you SO much for your support! Thanks Lauren for the kind words and for the support! Two goldens, how great! We are on schedule to deliver in October! Hi Christina, We have six plush options for the Kickstarter, a giraffe, aardvark, chicken and three colors of our Binkies. Our Binkies can be carried in several ways, knotted, rolled up or flat. Dogs love them! If you scroll down on our project, you can see a photo of all six. We will send a survey at the end of the Kickstarter asking for your pick(s) for your pledge. Funny enough a fox is on our short list for our next round, we already have him sketched! Thanks for the question! Hi Sheila! At the end of the Kickstarter campaign you will receive a backer survey, where we will ask which toy (s) you would like, your address etc. Look for that the first week in October. Thank you so much for you support! Thanks Adair! Banks will love his new leash!