Hi Eric, I'm sorry you're experiencing issues with the Avegant headset. You can forward your inquiry to <email> - thank you @Douglas @Dan I guess that wording was a bit confusing. Any standard micro HDMI-HDMI cable will work perfectly well with the device. The cable that will be shipping in the box, however, will have custom Avegant branding. In general we try to stay on top of direct messages and let the community have their take in the general comments section, Don. Lots of bits are being exchanged both in the updates section and over on the forums (avegant.com/forums) -- both of which we encourage you to peruse. In the future, we'll also try to be more active in the general comments. Thanks to all for being patient on the scheduling. While we had some initial delays, we're still on track for delivery this fall. @James Sure thing. There's a CAPTHCA that we're looking at right now Jean-Guy -- just have to get our developer to integrate it. Sorry for the delay :) @jean-guy Emma went through and vacuumed up some of the spam. We're working with Vanilla to streamline the antispam. Thanks for the heads up. Don't forget our recent spots on CNBC and CBS this Morning <url>"Content - What sort of content works with the Glyph?" Since many backers want to buy it to play games & watch movies. Is it possible to plug it into the desktop pc (window 7) & laptop (XP) to use it as a monitor plus ear piece? > You can plug it into anything with an HDMI-out, including a desktop PC. . 2B. Possible to use it to do Microsoft words, excel document work with it? As the 80 inch screen 8 feet away from you, sound super great. (Not possible to get a home use 80 inch screen monitor) > Yes. Since the image is so sharp a common desktop environment is quite useable. 3A. Possible to use it as plug and play with desktop pc without using it's using battery power and charge at the same time? (finish my doc work on pc, (fully charge & off to train/bus to continue watching movies, drama & anime etc.) (Plan to use it in that way) > Sure. Just keep it plugged into a USB 3.0 port. 3B. Would it be bad for people eye if they use it to play Starcraft 2, Battlefield 4 on PC for 2-4 hrs at a time? > Nah. The light source is a low powered LED. 4. What the noise level in dB it's possible to block while wearing it? > We don't have that data yet, but the ambient noise of an airplane or a cafe should be blocked well. The ear cans are also quite isolating. 5. Can I use it while lying down on bed without spoiling my eye sight? (would be Great) > Sure. 6. Would it increase power consumption of our hand phone when using it? > No. Power comes from the battery. 7. Do I need still need to use a pc monitor to work and play if I got Glyph? > Only if you want to! The Glyph can replace a monitor as well. @P.!.c.K.!.e! and @Enrique You can wear contacts or glasses, though with glasses you may get a bit of vignetting. @Rajesh, Jean-Guy, David: We have some complicated licensing/patent relationships with a national lab here in the US and Texas Instruments, plus a few really smart Electrical Engineers. Technically it wouldn't be impossible for someone to copy the technology, but it would be very hard for them to replicate our secured relationships. So we have a good head start. @Ryan: You'll be able to pick LED and HDMI separately -- they wont need to match. @Lawrence. Yes, right the images go separately into the left and right eye. Natively this works on a PC. Any 3d video (say from youtube) works fine in side-by-side mode. On a smartphone you'd need the right codecs/software, but it should be easy. @Getouttamyface2: We have to build/test it with the money that we get from KS. Renderings are here: <url>" screen at 8' or a 60" screen at 6' (note how the HMZ-T3W is billed as a 750" virtual screen) -- it effectively looks like a screen as if you were sitting in the middle of the theater. And the image quality! That's an order of magnitude better. Anyways, often times people expect the fully-immersive-Oculus experience when putting on the Glyph and they're surprised when they see a smaller FOV. We're not really trying to duplicate that experience. Could it be bigger? At some point, yes. But not for the Glyph Beta. Right now we need to produce a FOV that works for this form factor and with global source content to create an off-the-shelf premium media experience. Down the road and depending on the market need we can look at expanding the range of the optics. The field of view is about the same as the Sony HMZ, about 45°, except significantly brighter and sharper. It feels like you're sitting in the middle of movie theater. @Dave, Yeah we're actually looking into a few options including international distribution and assembly. But we CANT authoritatively say anything yet because nothing is inked. We'll let you know -- there are still 14 days! @Ryan Thibault That is an AWESOME idea. I'd love an update if you get into it. I'm a pi user myself. @Antonio 3D is delivered by putting a different image in each eye. Right now it's side by side video (ie, an extended monitor) between the two eyes, but the final Glyph will be able to support a variety of formats. There will be no IR receiver. Oh hey everyone. Thanks for all of the congrats on the $1M mark. We truly are elated and thankful to everyone who supported us so far. Allan and I (Grant) got to talking during the LA roadshow and decided that we need to take naps after the campaign. We've been working really hard on keeping up with the comments and messages while balancing media and engineering, so forgive us if one or two things slip through the cracks. We're doing our best to get everything answered! @Sean, Yeah, if you want multiple items then just add the total up and pledge extra -- you can leave a note in your pledge that you want multiple items and we'll take note during shipping. Thanks! @Jan - wait. It will be sooo worth it We'll spend some time evaluating the shipping options for international customers to help reduce the fiscal burden. We don't want to cheat the system, but maybe some middle-ground can be found. @Mark Great idea. It is Christmas and Avegant should send everybody gifts :) @lenny and @don The optics are tricky in such a small space. We are working on improving black levels and generally making the image even better than it already looks. @eric and @kevin That is actually a problem we hadn't considered. We will definitely do something to stop Glyph users from being "that guy" on the plane :) @c. Keller We are including a battery for mobile use. We are also setting it up with the option to run powered for a longer period of time. We are constantly exploring wireless solutions in our office and will let people know once we have settled on one that is good enough @egle Message us (on twitter or FB) and we can figure out a time to show you in ann arbor Here you go: <url>"included" cord for the use cases we expect - anyone can obviously use their own cords as well. @Don - we are regularly in the bay area so if you can find 50-100 people that are interested in a particular day during the week we might be able to do something in the south bay. @james in terms of baltimore - we are currently really slammed so it will be hard. We will figure out a way to gauge interest in other cities and let people know if we can add any meet ups. @Simon Tan We have several manufacturing options lined up, both domestic and overseas. @William Recharging the Glyph's battery will be similar to recharging cell phones that use a USB style cable for power. If its plugged into the wall it will charge faster than if its plugged into a USB port. Recharging from the wall will take less than 3 hours. Yes, you can power the Glyph via the microUSB port while you are using it and depending on the source of power (i.e. the wall or newer USB ports) it will recharge the battery while you use it. @Anders We are verifying delivery over the next month. We will be sure we have distribution coverage for countries that amazon does not service so that everyone will get their rewards promptly. @Richard We are probably going to work with Amazon to distribute internationally. We want every one of our backers to get a Glyph without any problems and so we will work with you to solve the problem if amazon doesn't work @william We are exploring different ways to package and carry the Glyph. We will provide a method for carrying it around, but we want to be sure we know how it breaks before we make anything so that the packaging we provide protects it from failure. More importantly, we plan on making the the Glyph itself very robust. @interHMAL We think our early backers are incredibly important to our company, and we don't want to provide them with a poor experience. We have not decided on an official warranty policy yet, but we will be very supportive and you can expect us to service or replace any faulty hardware. @Al Calavicci - our 45 degree field of view is less immersive than the oculus rift. The benefit of our system is that it can play games and movies that already exist from any source including a cell phone or PS4. We also leave your vision open so that you can type on a keyboard or send a text because we think most people want some situational awareness. I have already played many steam games on the Glyph including Portal 2 without any issues. @Cody Johnson: Deliveries for the special edition and the regular Glyphs will be in the same timeframe. @Charlie Chai the standard LED will be blue. @Y. Chung: Yes, with an MBP it's like a large external monitor -- you can adjust the sizes etc after you plug it in. @Low Chong Hong Yes, you can charge it while using it with a USB 3.0 port. @Neo Night - Yup. @Arthur Hyun +2 to -6 @Jim McPherson No, there is no chromatic aberration visible. The micromirror array creates a very sharp image. @Don Gatley - We have strong patent protection :) @Collin Eckel: Crack one for me too. @William Olofsson: Oh of course you'll need an HDMI adapter for your mobile device. I thought you were asking whether or not it would globally work. And it does work with an adapter with Apple & Android devices (etc etc) @William Olofsson: No, you can plug anything (iPhone, iPad, Android, PC, PlayStation) into it. Anything with an HDMI input. @Jan Nope, contacts are fine. @Sanj T There is no difference in delivery date between the special edition and the general glyph rewards. @John Getty The beta will be the only product for the forseeable future, and we're incentivizing KS people to get on board by offering the price of $499. @ShangChe Huang, yes, the Glyph has a diopter that you can adjust from +2 to -6 to accommodate a range of prescriptions. @Y. Chung. Of course! And we should be clear -- we're not sure what the mechanics of an incentive would be, but we do know the value of our initial supporters and want to keep them engaged. We'll have more updates on the topic soon. @Y. Chung -- we're working on an incentive mechanism to engage kickstarter backers with later product iterations, either via a tradein program or some sort of discount. It's in the works, I promise -- we do want to make sure that our initial backers are well rewarded. @ryan There will be a cover for the eye pieces, yes. :) @ Y. Chung - You are correct in that this is the Beta. We haven't set up distribution or retail profiles yet, it's still early in our product lifecycle. But we're also giving you an extremely well developed Beta -- one that should already work fluidly with your content. Being a Kickstarter backer is as almost as much about the community and the growth as it is the final product :) Update: We talked among the team about the noise cancelling messaging and agree that it wasn't clear enough -- so we're going to throw it in with all of the orders irrespective of funding level. Sorry for the confusion! @Dennis: Special edition will let you choose the colors of the LED and the HDMI cables -- an early backer reward. We can only handle 500 of those.