@ Matthew, yes everything is going well. I am trying to coordinate delivery to me for the end of October so I can begin shipping at the beginning of November. I can't have it delivered earlier due to storage space and shipping on my other project. But all the artwork has been approved and we are good to go. :) Thanks again for your support! @Gail. True, I am really bad at writing updates. I pledge on a lot of projects myself and my mailbox gets full of unnecessary updates and I wish all they'd send me is the notice that the shipping is happening. So far so good, however I did have to redo the tuck box onto a more current version of the tuckbox template from USPCC as the one I had was dated. I also removed the UPC from the box bottom as I don't intend on selling the balance of the decks in retail. I will say that my test deck is awesome (except that somehow I missed one card...which is why you should always do a test deck..don't worry I found it). As far as doing the backerkit, it's a no go. Too much money for no real benefit. Prior to shipping I'll send out a message to go to my Amazon store to purchase any extra decks they'd like. I'm psyched about getting this deck printed as I have a Steampunk show I'm going to in November and I want to show this deck off while I'm there!! :) Thanks again for your support. @Brian - I have considered doing a BackerKit like a lot of other projects for people who missed the opportunity to take advantage of some of the add-ons. Unfortunately I don't have any other projects that will start before we deliver the Micael Frommer decks, but I will be selling decks after shipping and I will send messages to everyone who have pledged on my projects where they can find them. Thanks again for your support. @Gail. Not a push at all. After a project I don't like to send a lot of updates that don't really speak to anything, I'd rather just offer a few: 1. Surveys are out. 2. Shipping ramping up, make address changes now. 3. Shipping has started. 4. Email me if you didn't get your item. Still, I forget sometimes that people have pledged on a promise and need to be reassured that everything is still sailing smoothly. So thanks for reminding me to be human, and to speak to the fans who have pledged on this deck! Much appreciated. :) @Gail - glad to see your anxious as am I. I posted an update today about the time between the end of a project and the start of the process. Normally, it takes two weeks after a project to finish before everything settles with the payments (KS & Amazon) and we have a good list of people who have paid their pledges. Surveys are out and hopefully people will respond quickly, but either way the process for production has begun. I received my proof deck which is great but there is a reason why you should make sure you have a proof deck... the trim is too close to the suits so we are adding a couple of mm all around. I want to be sure it's as perfect as possible! Thanks again for your support. Thanks @Rebecca and @Cerity for the education on cross-promoting. I have several friends who have current projects on KS at the moment and I help them by promoting them on my FB site. Thanks @336 backers! We are just over goal so we all need to hold fast and hope we don't drop any more pledges. It is confirming to know that other people like my decks as much as I do. Thanks for all the extra last minute support! It has paid off big! Only $6 to go. These are always a bit of a nail biter at the end. I will remain optimistic. :) I will be contacting the staff to see if they'd highlight the project during it's last week. Also, people who starred the project but didn't pledge will be making their appearance in the last couple of days. Every little bit helps. Thanks again for your encouragement. @Anna - if you are on the early bird just change the dollar amount when you manage your pledge. It's $9 for additional decks for early bird buyers. Thanks @Nani, both for the kind words about the deck and consideration for casting a wider net. I am taking your advice and I put it under design. To be honest this deck is being seen, but there are some big players selling decks out there and people can't afford to buy all the cool decks they see. I don't blame them because I love some of the other decks currently on KS. (If you look at my pledge history you can see which ones I've pledged on). 16 days and $3,500 to go. :) As expected @Corby, once I changed the category to Table Top games I did not get a single hit. I have readjusted it to Graphic Design. But the best way to get this deck seen is for all of your to like it on Facebook and share the project with your friends. Thanks @Corby. Many times playing cards get lost in the shuffle of table top games (pun intended). Because it's an art deck, it fits in many areas to include Art. However, with 17 days left, let's put it under table top games and see what happens. :) @Jamie - Thanks we can use all the help we can get. While we still have time, it'd be great to actually get to some of the stretch goals. @Kirk - You've named all of my favorite decks currently on KS (except that Steampunk Cthulu reprint just finished). Comic book fans should really check out Instruments of War! Hi Andrea, yes the add-ons all get ironed out in the survey. It can be confusing during the project and the math is always a challenge, sorry I wish there was a shopping cart on KS. :) As far as a mailing list, we've been designing a new site at playmmg.com where we will be starting a place where people can sign up to find out what projects we are working on. And we are working on some VERY cool things! Thanks Aron, I am a huge fan of classic literature. I have considered creating decks based on characters from Poe, Goete, Bronte... and there are more characters than I can count that Verne offers. Thank you for your kind words, this has been one of my favorite decks to create. @Nani - I am considering a second back option, but it'd be at the $15,000 level. I like the idea of the blue icon, perhaps a different icon in a different color in the middle... Thanks for the idea! @Douglas - Thanks! I was trying to find a way to sell the extra 1616 decks I will have in September. I just noticed that other deck designers are doing the same thing.