It would seem that no matter what we tell you, you do not want to believe us. I am not looking to swindle anybody into buying product. We are working to start a business just like anybody else on kickstarter and this funding is going to help us get our first run of product off the ground. If you are not interested in the product than you do not have to help back the project. As far as the facts are concerned, IP65 is water resistant, and IP67 (like our product) is actually water submersible up to one meter. We do not deny that there are similar looking products on the market. As we said, we have reviewed many samples ourselves when designing our product. We are happy with genuine questions but please do not make claims that we are out to scam our backers. Our project was approved by kickstarter and therefore just as legitimate as any project on the site. Right now I have about twenty samples on my desk of similar LED products that we used to conduct research while designing the AmbioLight. Other similar looking LED solutions do exist, however, we have fine tuned the AmbioLight to outperform the competition and ensure the best product to our customers. We designed the product to produce significantly more lumens/watt (efficacy) than other products on the market. What this means is that for the small amount of energy it consumes the AmbioLight produces an extraordinary amount of light. This in turn makes the ambiolight a very energy efficient lighting solution. Our attention to detail is something that we take very seriously. We use high quality LED chips that produce deep rich colors. We are proud to say that the 4.4 watts per foot is by far the highest we have encountered anywhere. High quality powerful LEDs combined with the special housing allows the chips to stay cool preventing premature burnout, a common problem with current led units on the market. It took multiple prototypes to get the product just right. Additionally, while all the led boards are manufactured overseas, all our products are hand cut, wired and final inspected in our warehouse in Los Angeles California. That's right. Hand finished in the USA. It is costly for us to do it this way but we feel that it really puts our product on another level. We feel that the money we charge is well justified and we hope that this explanation helped clarify our position. Feel free to spend your money as you wish however I would seriously consider investing in quality product. With only gratitude, The AmbioLight Team Also if you can please clarify for me and the backers where it says 4.5 watts per foot, i didn't see that anywhere on the page. It seems something is off about the multiple claims you have made. Alibaba.com has a minimum order quantity of 50 meters. This light also does not come with a ballast or controller. You also need to pay for shipping from china and customs- so the price point is a lot higher than ours. This does not show anything about being water submersible or 3m tape. If you want to continue to discuss this you are welcome to email us at <email>. Anyone who wants is of course welcome to order a more expensive, and less practical LED strip from alibaba. Our light is simply the strongest with 3m tape while being water submersible. We truly appreciate your concern and questions. Thank you for reaching out to the team Hey Chris i just messaged you, please send us any light you want us to do a side by side comparison with, there is nothing on the market as strong as our light. The rest can barley light up a small space and very cheap quality. Hey guys we are working on the update now. There is just some stuff we need to verify before we send it out. It will be out in less than a week with some cool information. Be excited. Thanks for your patience. The Ambio team. We can not post pictures in this comment section but we love all the questions and we love taking pictures of the AmbioLight. If you would like any pictures for clarification of the product inbox us with your email and we will take some shots for you. We also wanted to take this opportunity again to thank all of you for your support. You guys are the best. :) Best Regards, The AmbioLight Team @Mark - The Strip is very flexible, turning at a 90 degree angle shouldn't prove to be much of a problem at all. The strip connects to the controller with an adapter that is built into the light and then the ballast connects into the controller the same way. We took some 90 degree angle pictures as well as some pictures of the connectors for you. Please provide us with an email if you would like to see them. @Brendan - We took some shots for you with the full setup in one picture. Please give us an email to send it to you at. You can not cut it into multiple strip, you can cut it to make it fit in space. If you want more than one strip the best way to do it is to order multiple strips as each comes with a ballast and controller to give power and change settings. Q. Can I cut the light to make it shorter for a custom fit? A. Yes. The ambiolight can be cut every 4 inches in order to make the perfect length to fit your space. Not for the early bird, but you can do that for the double package. Just make a note of it when we send out the survey at the end of the project. Make it a bright day. We just created a packaged for 2 4 foot packages- The Double 4 foot package. Check it out. Q. Do i need to buy a different strip for every color or setting? A. No. The AmbioLight has all 7 colors and 3 transition setting in one strip. The light can be static on one color or in any of the 3 transition settings with the push of a button. Q. Can I cut the light to make it shorter for a custom fit? A. Yes. The ambiolight can be cut every 4 inches in order to make the perfect length to fit your space. So yes you can cut it and it will work as well as leave it on a single color. Please let us know if you have any more questions.