@Matthew - It looks like you are not using one of our batteries. The batteries we ship are rechargeable and can be charged with any 18650 battery charger. Your battery may or may not be rechargeable, so take caution in charging it. The charger Brian posted a link to is the one we ship. We do care deeply about these flashlights and all of our backers. It is very troubling to us that this comment thread has become so negative. We are working hard to ensure that the quality of the flashlights that get sent out keeps improving thanks to those who have already received their flashlights and have contacted us with various issues that we have been able to solve. While we are still using our old anodizing process, we sent out another variation last week to see if we could speed up the process. We should get that sample back next week. @Mike - Let us know how it works when you have a fully charged battery. Every flashlight with a battery gets tested with the one it is shipped with before we package them so there shouldn't be a problem. @John & NJL - We had to ship a few flashlights to non-earlybird backers so that we can keep production flowing. Due to a mix of color availability, charger availability, and battery availability, we have had to ship some non-earlybird backers first. We are working to get flashlights out as fast as possible and this is one of the consequences. May I remind you that you saved $16 by being an early bird. We are shipping flashlights as fast as we are able to. As has been stated numerous times, the hold up is not with machining, please read the updates. We have completed all of the machining steps for the flashlight components. Also the projects you are referencing are not run by or maintained by CRL. We are a manufacturing company, and we manufacture products for multiple projects all the time. Again, machining is not the hold up. We have boxes of parts waiting to be anodized. We have sent off a test part to be anodized with our new method and if it works as we hope, we anticipate being able to cut our time for masking and un-masking in half. When we get the test unit back, we will be able to provide more information after we evaluate the results. @LT - We are choosing not to set out specific dates because we cannot guarantee consistent production numbers due to our issues with anodizing. If we feel that the change we have made is going to get us back on track, we will update you accordingly. As I'm sure you have seen, we have promised dates before and unforeseen obstacles have delayed those dates. We are shipping Flashlights as fast as we can. In the past week we have been working on a new way to mask the components for anodizing and we are taking it to the anodizer today to make sure that it works better than our previous method. We were able to offer refunds very early in the project but now that we have machined all of the raw material into components for the flashlights, we are no longer able to issue refunds. Hi Everyone, We delayed our update because as of last Thursday, nothing had changed. However, as I type this, the last of the end caps are going through their final machining process and we will be completely done with the machining of all of the aluminum parts of the aluminum flashlights tomorrow. The copper pills (for both titanium and aluminum flashlights) are close behind but not holding us up. As of right now, our main hold up is still in the anodizing of the Black and Gun Metal Grey parts. We plan on beginning production on Titanium Flashlight components within the next month. @Bill - This is not Massdrop, this is Kickstarter. Also, the projects you linked are not CRL projects, they are projects and ideas by others who use CRL as their manufacturer. Finally, you have never backed any of our projects except this one, which you have received a full refund for because you backed out before our estimated delivery date. Our delays have been outlined in our various production updates and those explain all the problems we have run into. We are NOT a shop with a single CNC machine that is being used on other projects. We have plenty of machines and man power to produce multiple products at once. Our delays on these flashlights have been well documented and laid out for the Kickstarter community to see in our project updates. The Apollo AP-1 is not held up in machining, but rather in anodizing, which is an outside process and out of our control. Please read the various updates to get a clearer picture as to what is going on. Thanks @Adam - The thing is, anodizing just seems to take forever with these flashlights because of the number of anodized parts. With our Nano Caches, there were only two parts to anodize. With the Apollo AP-1, there are 4 parts to anodize. So on numbers alone, there is a lot more to do with these flashlights than something like a Nano Cache. Add in how long it takes to reliably mask and un-mask each component, and time starts adding up quickly. As far as what we would do differently on a future product, we should probably leave that until we are done fulfilling this project so we can take a close look at what did and didn’t work well. @Adam - Your question has been answered in our latest update. All of the aluminum flashlights will be anodized. Titanium is shipping with its natural finish. @NJL - No. All of the machining processes on the main body pieces are finished. They still need to be anodized and assembled. We are not done with early bird shipments yet. Hey Everyone, There won't be a production update today but we will have one out on Monday. We are about to reach a big milestone in flashlight production and want to wait so we can share that with you. Pictures will be included! See you all Monday! @Erik - When your flashlight ships you will receive shipping info in a Kickstarter personal message. @Duncan - The flickering is one of the symptoms we had when the flashlight components weren't screwed in as tight as they should have been. If our tightening video helps, let us know and we will take another look at your batch of lights to fix the problem. @ChefSean - When your flashlight ships you will receive a Kickstarter message with your tracking info. @John - We decided to go with the 3 mode rather than the 5 mode with the strobe and SOS. @Scott - That sounds like a low battery. If the problem persists with a fully charged battery PM us so we can give you more help. @DK - We don't have the equipment for large scale wax or lacquer dipping and cleaning. @Adam – The surface of non-anodized aluminum is softer than anodized, meaning that it would scratch more easily. Also, it is shiny, silver, and really doesn’t look great. @NJL - We are still getting through the Early Bird shipments. @Bill - Glad you got yours! @Sebastian - Working on that update :) Unfortunately I can tell you right now that we won't have all of the Early Bird rewards done by tomorrow :( We are well on the way to that though. @DK - We tried both the tape and the screw on block by themselves and they didn't work great. Using them in conjunction is working much better and we are going to stick with it. @Steven - Check your messages, looks like you got buried. Also, thanks for the suggestions. The pill redesign was covered in Update #21, which required re-machining of the pill assembly. As far as masking goes, we are using the same techniques as shown in Update #22, however we are applying more tape to get a better seal on the threads. More tape is adding to the difficulty of getting the tape out of the threads after anodizing. Here is a picture of taped threads and un-taped threads. <url>– Ti production has not yet started but will begin after early bird rewards have gone out. @Ryan – We are going to deliver all flashlights. Our delays have been outlined in previous updates and we are shipping flashlights as soon as they are ready. @DK #1: You are correct, at the time of the production update, we had 12 fewer heat sink pills than our next component. At this time, we have marginally more heat sink pills completed than flashlight bodies. The reason for the low number of heat sink pills is that we chose to redesign the heat sink when it did not meet our drop test requirements. We added 2 more component parts into the heat sink to make it more reliable in the event of an impact. #2: An anodizing lot is 50 units. Our last batch to go to the anodizer took 8 work days to finish. There were minimal problems with the processing of that batch. Our current batch to be sent to anodizing is still there. #3: We have solved some of the problems by redesigning the copper pill. We are currently trying to get our anodizer to process our parts in a more timely manner, and are working on new masking techniques to speed up the process. #4: There is a new person in charge of handling Kickstarter updates and shipping, hence the updates and more timely replies to messages and comments. @DK The issues we are having in production were outlined in Update #25, where we explained that the parts that we are waiting on are held up in anodizing, which you will note is an outside process and not directly under our control. @Martin We are not able to give a firm date when you will receive your flashlight because our production rates are not yet consistent, as DK noted, due to issues in the anodizing of the aluminum components. @Christian Glad it worked! Hi Everyone, Check out our latest update for some more information on batteries. Thanks Hi Everyone, In addition to having a shorter battery to solve the issue, we have found that some of the production units that have been sent out may have not had the various components tightened to spec. Short video to show you how to check if your flashlight needs tightening and how to tighten it either later today or Monday. We have found that tightening all of these components allows room for longer batteries to fit. We are updating our assembly procedure to prevent this from happening in the future. @DK Update has been posted. @Shawn We are working on producing and shipping, see the latest update. @Christian We have addressed this issue in the latest update. If your situation varies please send us a PM. @Ryan Glad you got your flashlight! Enjoy and post some pics of using it to our Facebook. @Blake We are continuing to ship flashlights daily. When your flashlight is shipped you will receive a tracking number with your shipping information. Please PM us if you would like to confirm your address. @Brad Glad you got your Apollo AP-1! Be sure to post some pics of you using putting it to work and tag CRL on Facebook! Hey everyone, sorry for the delay in communications. We would like to apologize in regards to the non early bird backers receiving their flashlights before all early bird rewards had been sent, about five flashlights were mistakenly sent to backers not in the early bird category. This mistake has been corrected and we are continuing flashlight fulfillment. To those of you who have received your flashlights, thanks for all of the great reviews and comments. We hope to see more as fulfillment continues. Look for a new production update next week. To all: The production rates can not be extrapolated linearly. We are going faster, and will continue to get more out per week. We anticipate that all of the Early Birds will be complete in May. To all: Please see the most recent production update just posted :) <url>’s the bottom line. And everyone can check out our website here of course! www.crl-products.com Hello Everyone, Thank you Azaly for explaining that, we will be sure to adjust the included instructions for better clarification. For clarification on shipping order, we do not ship off of backer numbers. #200 could be shipped the same day as #751. @shane: Those are some great photos you took! As to anodize rates. We can send every batch in group of 60 to get anodized. We have 60 sets of masking blocks that we apply before anodize, and remove after. We currently have 60 in house, and 60 out for anodize, because this is a hard anodize type 3 it takes longer then normal anodizing process. Currently we have been shipping slow as we are still encountering dilemmas. As things are smoothing out we are trying to get 40+ flashlights out a week. As many of our continued backers know, our projects have been increasingly more difficult. And fulfillment has also became much more complex. We have made a change from a 3 part nano-cache to a 34 item flashlight. And our first experience with electronics. We understand your frustration with how late fulfillment is running. But we ask for your continued patience, as this is new experience for all of us. Thank you again and feel free to message us, CRL Hello Everyone, Aluminum flashlights are still in production, the next batch of Black is currently at anodizing. To address the comments about no one saying they have received their lights, we have sent out Flashlights, and when it is sent you will receive a tracking number. Flashlights have been delivered and received. We have no control over if a backer chooses to post a comment saying they got their Flashlight. We apologize for our lack of communication during these busy times. If you have messaged us, we will be replying to messages this afternoon, and will try to get back to all of you tonight. @John: Much Shipping. So Excite. Expect Soon. Wow. ;) We thank you again for your patience, CRL Hello Everyone, We will be posting a update tomorrow that will answer almost all of your comments! If your comment isn't covered in that update you can expect a message from us with details. Thank you all ten-fold for your patience, CRL Hello, @ Shane: Gray flashlights are at anodize currently, and we will be receiving them back in the shop Monday morning. Then assembly and testing, this should take 4 days. @ Steven: There should be no effects from the stripping, and the common eye would see no difference. -CRL @Adam: We were going to invite our two guests to witness titanium production being done, so you may follow your flashlight parts through the process from the machine shop to the lab and take home something you watched/helped make start to finish :) But if you would rather come earlier drop us a message! Or if yo would rather come to pick up your bag o' loot then return later, you may do that as well. @Matthew: This is the first time we hard anodized something and the anodize added on to the material more than we suspected. Sorry we forgot to address this issue in the below comment. The hard anodize added thickness to the insides of the flashlight head, so the lens did not fit inside. For the black ones we hand stripped the anodized surfaces inside the head so the lens fit properly and securely, but for the the grey we are sending back to be stripped then sealed then re-anodized, hence the longer wait. We did not realize this issue. We are working diligently on it. We can not give out exact dates or estimated dates any more because some of our backers take these dates as promises and we can not promise such dates, nothing can be promised really in early or first time production runs. We are working on creating an impressive product and there will be delays unfortunately. This is what Kickstarter is about though, funding to bring a project into reality, these have never been made before, these are not products sitting on a shelf ready to ship, and this is not a store. 100% of this funding went to flashlights and flashlights only, rest assured :) Hello everyone! And to our fellow tucsonians hope you are all having a great rodeo break! (Yes, that's a real thing down here!) This past week we unfortunately had our air compressor go down due to a leak, taking the whole shop with it. But now it is all fixed up and as good as new! As for grey flashlights we are happy to announce... the first grey should be shipping in about two weeks! yay! Thank you all so much for your understanding and patience with us in this adventure, we can't wait till we can get all of these Flashlights to you! Thanks again, CRL @Mike: It look like you already filled out your survey, so you're good to go! Hello, All aluminum surveys have been sent! Please fill them out :) @David: At the moment we do not have an exact date. @leung: They've been sent! We just finished getting through all our messages, so if you messaged us, you should have a reply! Thanks again, CRL Hello everyone, We are still shipping Early Birds, so if you haven't received it yet have no fear! It will be going out soon :) We do not have any more news pertaining that upgrade, but when we do we will be sure to let you all know right away. Now about the Surveys, The next few tiers should be receiving surveys this week. So keep an eye out for those! Thank you so much, CRL Hello everyone, @John: I'm glad you're enjoying your flashlight! @everyone else: Surveys for all tiers have not yet been sent out. 2 more tiers should be receiving the surveys within this next week. Thank you, CRL So glad that flashlights are starting to arrive! If you messaged us we will get back to you ASAP, we've been getting quite a few these past couple of days. @David/Everyone: Yes still shipping! Currently we are sending Black lights. We will be shipping gray soon. With the last batch of gray we had a masking issue and they are currently being re-processed. This will not hold up us sending Black though! Thank you, CRL Hello, Please read the most recent update, has some great stuff there for you :) dn I do believe it answers all the questions below. And just so there is no confusion (in case you don't read the comments there) ALL lights, early bird included, come with the upgrades stated in the update :) we were taking the time to develop these updates, that is why shipping was stalled, so the early bird can get the upgrades too! Thank you for you patience, understanding, and support! Hello everyone! If you have messaged us, we're currently up-to-date on all messages so go check your inbox! :) We will have an update soon, so keep an eye out! Early birds will begin shipping next week! We're so excited. Oh and deep water testing went AMAZING; that will be in the update too :) Merry Christmas, CRL @Sam: Yes Steven is correct any 18650 battery charger will work. We are using a single battery USB charger. If you would like to add it on Messages us! @Steven: Yes! @Matthew: Currently, yes. We are planning on getting some out this month, though the majority will be sent in January. @Tyler: We have not looked into this flashlight so we can not give a in-depth analysis. Though according to their specs, it max's at 1,000 lumens and as you can see from out data results we reached over 1,200 lumens. Thank you! CRL Survey's for the second Early Bird tier have been sent! @Steven, Oh we almost forgot! We will post an update soon :) Hello Everyone, Just a quick announcement. The company is taking a holiday break on behalf of the Thanksgiving. Feel free to contact us during this break, we will try to get back to you as soon as possible! We will be returning to the office Monday morning. Thank you for your understanding and have a great Thanksgiving weekend! -CRL Hello everyone, The first run of aluminum machining is almost done! After this the flashlights will be sent to anodizing in batches of 60. (If you remember the anodize test we sent, the results came back great!) Then back in house for electronics! Surveys for the other early bird tier should be sent out soon. Thank you all so much for your patience, CRL Surveys are out now, only to the first early bird tier ;) Thanks! @Joakim: Yes, it has a memory function. It will remember what setting you had on it last and it will turn on to that setting every time until you program it to do something else :) What Azaly said is also correct. Thanks! Hello, Posting an update right now, struggling with the platform... it wont let me post any pictures... but the information is the most important part anyway. It will be up today regardless. update is on its way, hopefully today if I can get our designated engineer to finish it... Both pens and flashlight use the lathe? Yes. I'm not sure I understand your question... Yes, the Flashlight is made entirely on the Lathe, not the mill, all our mills are fine and need something to do if anything :/ We Will be updating you in a day or so, one of our engineers is writing an update for you with his findings and test results! We will also show you some photos of our new optics lab we set up for more accurate tests. It was the CNC lathe that broke, not the CNC mill, we have plenty of CNC mills... but the lathe is operational again and running 24 hours a day to catch up Hello, Sorry for the silence. We've been going through extensive testing on the flashlight, once we finish we will be posting about all of our results! We have done almost all of the tests and WOW we are BLOWN AWAY with some of our results! We know you're all going to love some of these test results too! Thanks, CRL Hello everyone, Update coming right now, then another in a week or so with some sneak peeks ;) more photos of how production is coming along! Hello, I hope we have answered most of your questions through recent updates. Questions regarding chargers and batter lifespan times will come in another detailed update :) Its easier and less confusing to explain it once in detail after all the standardized tests have been completed. So chargers are up next :) It may take a week or two though to get adequate information, and test results, we want to give you quality after all! And all the reasons for why we choose the charger we choose. If you have any more questions don't hesitate to message us! Thank you! Wow! What a wild ride this has been, it really exceeded all of our expectations, and we want to really thank you for all the support you have shown us! We will work diligently to deliver a quality product to you, over the next few months. We will continue to keep you all informed though periodic updates, as the project moves forward though testing, and production. From this point on we will only make the updates available to backers, not the general public. This is because of the amount of general discussion, and debate that has gone on during the funding process, and we need to focus all of our efforts on the testing, evaluation, and production of these units. We are also moving the specification chart from the main page, to the update page for the same reason. We will provide you the official test results, as they become available. At the conclusion of the project, we will publish the final specifications chart, in an update to the general public for all to see. Thank you again for all your support! -CRL Team **@Matthew: Let me correct my earlier statement that the AW18650 is one of the batteries we are testing, but, we will be using the NCR18650 from Panasonic with 3400mAH capacity. It has an excellent rating and is preforming well in our testing. It has optimum protection; over charge, undercharge, and short circuit. Thanks! -CRL @Shadow: Yes, just increase your pledge amount to include the amount for the battery and you will be all set to go ☺ @Matthew: Yes we are shipping a protected AW18650. Incidentally, the Ap-1 will accommodate a battery up to 70 mm in length. @bill: For the completion of the KS project we will only be proving and supporting the AW18650 battery and compatible charger. As future batteries become available we will evaluate their compatibility and provide updates when available to make sure your flashlights don’t burn up! Good advice, thanks for mentioning the flammability issue! @Joakim: Thank you! @Derek: we are down to three on the charger, and we have narrowed down the battery to a name brand, we are pretty sure its going to be the Panasonic 3400mAh battery. @Bill: Thanks! Good choice ;) @Anders: we will be doing a backer only update and we will share with you the information where to buy accessories for you flashlight! @Eric: Mainly thermal performance enhancements were observed but we have not finished, we are still working on run times. @John: We will send you a message to get you squared away! Thanks! @Matthew: Thank you for your help ☺ @ Georg @ Bill: We are still in the process of testing. We are making 20 more flashlights just for the evaluation phase before full production. That way we can do multiple tests in parallel. Our original build was 5 lights, and 3 of them have been sacrificed to various mechanical tests. Currently we are getting very close to the 1 hour run-time on high about 54 minutes and on medium we are getting a range from 7.5 hours to 10.5 hours. These numbers are not in any way final, and were not performed with the battery of choice. These results were also not conducted with the new copper PCB. We anticipate better results in the final analysis. As far as luminosity goes we just recently received our integration sphere, and have only conducted some preliminary (non-official) tests, and they are looking pretty good. Again we have to set up the test correctly in accordance with FL-1, with the final battery and correct aperture and distance. We will keep you updated. Hello, Initially the stretch goal for the copper pbc was set at 100k but upon testing, we found the results were very much improved and we have decided to make the copper PBC avalable for ALL our backers, in both the aluminum version, and the titanium version. Please consider this streatch goal as met, thank you for your suport! ((more informaion will be included in the update we are planning to post)) Thanks! -CRL Thank you for your support everyone! We have an exciting update coming up for all of you, it will answer many questions :) @Drew: batteries and chargers are both in testing phases, we are trying to pick the best one, we have a pretty good idea now, but they are still in testing. Yes, the battery will have to be removed to charge it, in order for our light to be water proof to the level we are hoping for (between 200-300 feet) we had to make it this way. You can read more about them in this update: <url>… ☺ more information soon. For all titanium questions/concerns please refer to the “titanium?!” update, they will be addressed there. @Eric: Our light fits to most standard flashlight mounts, for specific dimensions please look at the mechanical update found here to see if our light will fit your system. <url>☺ more information as we complete our testing! @Cody: We ship APO all the time, so it would be no problem to ship your light directly to you where ever you are stationed. But yes, you may private message us your shipping address and we will be sure your light gets to you in case Internet is not an option. Thank you for your service! @Bill, @Shane: First stretch goal to be announced shortly! @Eric, @Karl: We have a variety off the shelf third party attachments. We will show you pictures in a future update! This includes colored lenses, detachable caps, and diffusers. @Eric & Shane: According to our information Copper, Pure 386.0 W/m-C Aluminum 6061-T6 167.0 W/m-C Titanium 15.6 W/m-C Copper can conduct over twice the thermal energy of aluminum and nearly twenty-five times that of Titanium. @Shane: Although we’re not quite sure what you mean by ‘direct bond’, we can describe, in some detail, the design features of the heat sink. The Heat sink (Pill) in our flashlight is cut from copper 101-H04 billet round rod. The 101-H04 Full Hard temper alloy is oxygen-free (0.0005% max), is 99.99% Cu with alloy elements As, P, Sb and Te each of 0.0005% or less. The 101 alloy is also one of the more costly, of the readily available alloys. (note: the aluminum heat sink pills seen in the photos were prototypes only used to confirm machining accuracy and fit prior to machining the copper material. They will NOT be used for any testing prototype or production version of the Apollo AP-1) The heat sink is 1.0” diameter and 0.68” long with a 0.43” deep pocket in one side thereby removing approximately 38% of the internal material yet leaving a 0.25” thick wall directly behind the LED substrate board. The LED Driver circuit board is positioned near the center of the heat sink to capture as much of the radiant heat within the confines of the heat sink and to further separate that heat source from the positive end of the battery. The exterior of the heat sink is threaded (1-32 UN 2A) to mate with the flashlight head. This doubles the direct contact surface between the components by 100% over a smooth surface-to-surface contact area. @ Richard: In this introductory version we’ve chosen to use tried-and-true components that have already proven capable of meeting our stringent design requirements. Future versions will likely include more recently developed technology to meet the exacting demands of today’s flashlight users. @Dung Nguyen: Good idea, we will post an update today with a poll so we may keep all the requests in one local place. @Mike: We plan on it! Thats one of our favorite tests (see previous project videos) @George: Thanks for helping to clarify! @Bill: we ran an unofficial test on one of our prototype units on the highest setting with a 3100mAh battery and it started blinking low voltage indication at around 54 min. Not quite an hour but we are not done and we are not even sure this is the battery we want to use. @all titanium supporters: Thank you for your feedback! Please comment again on our poll coming in a few moments in the update section :) We are planning several updates for next week including more information on the copper heat sink, testing, quality, and other components of the flashlight. Everyone have a great weekend, we will talk to you on Monday! Thanks! -CRL @Ching-yuan Hou: we are very well aware and have a method of solving this :) Also, if you have any interest at all in a titanium version, can you please pos here to let us know? We would like to take a very rough count... :) thanks! @Trogdor: We have never used a 3rd party fulfillment plan. We always complete fulfillment ourselves, is there a particular concern you have? @Bill, George, Mike, Ben: Thank you for your support of our project, we appreciate it :) If you have any other questions please read our updates, they cover a lot of information that has recently been misunderstood. Thank you! -CRL @ Calvin: We are sorry you decided to opt-out of our project, before you got to evaluate it first-hand. We also greatly appreciate your 1$ donation. We have been made aware of this forum group approximately 2 days ago. This is an obvious attempt to “stir the pot”, and were ok with that. We have been addressing individual questions, and concerns on private emails about specific statements on forums like the one below, and we will continue to address each legitimate question. We respect everyone’s opinion but we will not engage in a public mud-slinging exchange. We will provide our backers information about our design, and provide ongoing test results as they become available. It’s not to say that we can’t make improvements to our design, there have been many good comments that are effecting change in our design right now. Our intention is to design, develop, and produce a tactical light that is in line with our current products and consistent with industry standards. We agree that our communication needs to be very clear, and we will do that. We want to assure all of our backers that we are going to develop, and deliver a quality instrument with good value as we have done in past. Over the next few days we will be posting updates that will provide more insight into our design, and manufacturing process. Thank you for your continued support. @Shane: At the moment we have no plans to offer an extension tube on this model. -CRL Hey, Everyone! @CJ @George @Kristian: Please refer to Update #1 @Mike: Lucky you! @Tyler: We currently have some T6's in the lab for evaluation. @Andrew: The Apollo AP-1 is compatible with a variety of standard mounts and rail systems for your convenience. @Ellen: See Bill and CJ's comments @Bill and @CJ: Thank you for explaining that! @CJ: Special thanks go out for your current and past support! Hello Everyone, Thank you so much for your support! We are loving your recommendations and stretch goal ideas, so keep them coming! @Bill That's a great suggestion, but is not currently in our plan for the next couple of months. We have 2-3 more Tactical products we would like to release before making mulitple versions of current products. @Grant It takes 18650 Lith-ion batterys, these are not AA or AAA it is it's own size. @CJ I will look into this, though I dont know about your specific charger. You should look up your specific charger online, and see if it will work @Benjamin Sorry, but that will not avaliable in this campeign. @Jirik @James E @ Rick Thank you for your stretch goal suggestions and we will adress them in our next meeting. @Diane and @jerry I private messaged you concerning this matter. @James It take one 18650 Lith-ion Battery @Chawanat exactly :) @Herbert we have evaluated the 20, 38, and 48 degree reflectors and have chosen to go with the 20 degree. @Sam Yep! @Blaine The bezel is currently made out of Aluminum, and its primary function is for when placed on a flat surface, light will leak out. We have also designed a smooth Stainless Steel bezel ring that we may offer as a stretch goal. Also, the bezel width was designed specifically to fit some 3rd party flashlight accessories such as colored lenses, diffusers, etc. Thank you! CRL @GMAN: The battery will be a Lithium Ion battery, we are currently testing seven different brands to find the very best. Same with chargers, we have five different brands and we are finding the two that work together for the best results. We will be sure to let you know when we have the solution! @Everyone: Just as a heads up, we upped the early bird $99 pledge so we could give a chance to our previous backers to get in on the deal too, and any one else who would like to take advantage :) thanks! -CRL @Sam: Nope, what you do is go through the modes to find the setting you want by putting pressure on the switch, but not making it 'click' then when you find the setting you like you full click and that will make the chosen setting the default setting so that whenever you turn the flashlight on normally it will go to that setting. Hope that makes sense :) @Derek: Nope! if you have your own lithium ion battery charger it will work just fine :) @Chef: unfortunately we can not ship extra batteries, the post office doesn't like that... but we are working on getting a hazmat license so we can, if things change we will let you know! Thank you every one! funded already, wow, you are all awesome! time to start thinking about stretch goals maybe? Thank you again! -CRL @Chef: Nope, the battery charger does not come with batteries Thank you every one :) If you would like to get more than one flashlight than yes, just double your pledge amount to cover two (or more). The battery will be a Lithium Ion battery, we are currently testing seven different brands to find the very best. Same with chargers, we have five different brands and we are finding the two that work together for the best results. We will be sure to let you know when we have the solution! Keep an eye out for an update. We are going to show video of our tests we did on the flashlight, and our early prototypes :) Thank you everyone so much for your support!