A lot of people have been asking me why? Why would you do this, what is the point, what will be achieved? But asking that question defeats the object of a project like this, the point is that for a project to break new ground to be truly innovative, the answer to why should never be black and white. A project like this will have consequences in a number of disciplines just like when the internet was developed, the space race began or the light bulb was invented nobody could have predicted where those ideas would take us as a civilization. Regardless of whether this project is funded or not, the pursuit of an idea should not be considered a success or failure as everything we do is part of a journey. On the specifics of the technology, originally I had a much more detailed mechanical and engineering submission; however I was told by a number of people that it would be better to concentrate on the essence of the idea rather than blind people with science; a cursory look through any of the scientific journals over that last five years will provide you with all the technologies I have talked about with multiple options in all areas, and given this is a long term project even the early stage technologies will mature rapidly. And even if Arc island did cost 50 Billion, we could have built four for the cost of going into the Iraq war…. I am a philanthropist myself and there is always more each one of us can do to help the millions of people who are not as fortunate as us; however that should not be used as an argument to try and justify ignoring our human instinct to invent, develop and evolve as a species; if we have nothing to strive for, we have no hope; and that is not very good for the human condition. As for the KickStarter principle, as you will see all the KickStarter awards are achievable and will be delivered upon funding if I did not achieve the stated goals I would refund them; however as I have been very clear in the application this is the beginning of a very long journey into the unknown; I cannot guarantee that Arc Island will exist, I can only tell you that I will use my best endeavors to make it happen, I do not give up easily as my history has shown! All the plans will be open source so it should be contributing to humanity one way or another. Drew thanks for your feedback on the spelling but given I am Dyslexic and proof reading is like the blind leading the blind for me, you will have to forgive me! But if two letters and an apostrophe is enough for you not to enjoy the idea it was probably best you did not jump in! Hey Brad, Thanks for the feedback, I cant change the award text once they are submitted, but to clarify it is 5 sqcm.....as for the phone call that is a lot less than I normally charge for companies wanting to get hold of me ;-) Ben