Hi guys, Do write in to <email> for all customer support needs. We have a dedicated team who will respond on the same day. @pat please write in to <email> as we will provide the solution. @Illan Here are the instructions for bluetooth stereo pairing: <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne on our FB page here: <url>#login to get in touch with our team member who will be able to assist you with this matter. Thank you! @Alvin Tan Hi Alvin, we're glad that you've received your ARCHT One units and we hope that you enjoy using them! Regarding the turntable, we will check with our team and get back to you asap. Once again, thank you for your support! @Derrick Hi Derrick! We're proud to announce that the ARCHT One Android app is now available on Google Play. You can search for it on your mobile device or install it here: <url>’re coming from and apologize for the delay with the units. Our team has been working hard on getting them out as soon as possible, so you can be certain that your unit will definitely arrive before the end of July. We really appreciate your support and patience! @Richard Chen @john dzurenko @Mike Hannon @Teemu Uotila @Robert @Aju Thomas Hi everyone, thanks for your comments! We have just posted an update regarding tracking information for your ARCHT Ones. We appreciate your patience and continued support! @Jason van Genderen Hi Jason, so sorry for the inconvenience caused. We'll look into the matter and get back to you ASAP. Thank you for your patience! Hi @apogez, thanks for your comment! I have sent you a PM with details on your ARCHT One. Hi @Richard Chen. Thank you for your patience for your ARCHT One. We trust the wait will be worth it. All Kickstarter backers will receive their ARCHT One's by end June - prior to the end of our Facebook contest. @ramsey - the Red units will be delivered to your doorstep by the end of June. Once the units are shipped out, we will update each individual backer with the tracking number and exact delivery date. Thanks for your patience and support! @Derrick - Thanks for the kind words! We're really excited as well; do let us know what you think after the release! @Michael - glad you are loving your ARCHT! The Android app is under development and we expect it to be released mid June! We will send out a Kickstarter update once it has been completed. In the meantime - if you want the chance to win a FREE ARCHT One speaker (black), you can enter our contest here: <url>“Multiple” on Airplay menu after ARCHT One had been connected to your home network. However, if it is wired via AUX input on the Archt One, a Y connector is needed. @Clarence Ng, We're so glad to hear you're enjoying the sounds of ARCHT One. Be sure to share any pictures and videos with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne @Franky Fan, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. If the intent is use your own DAC and it supports USB output, you can use the USB digital input on the ARCHT One. ARCHT One is built for both streaming via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. To get the best audio out of your ARCHT One, we suggest using Wi-Fi. @Edwin Loneza, That's certainly something for us to consider on the next version of the app. @Movie Kang, You're always thinking ahead and we appreciate it. Great to hear that you're enjoying the sounds of ARCHT One :) The app will allow you to control playback of music directly on the ARCHT One. The iOS app uses a location-based optimization sensor to calibrate the speaker based on its environment so it will map out a room based on the furnishings and materials in it. Information is then sent to the ARCHT One allowing it to adjust its equalization settings to produce the best sound quality for its current surroundings. So whether listening to music in a living room or out by the pool, you will be able to calibrate the ARCHT One to your environment to have the optimal listening experience. @Mark Newman, Perfect! We'll keep you posted once the app is live! @derrick, It is not advisable to move the speaker using the Sound Array ring. @kokobin, Glad to hear! Be sure to share images and videos of your ARCHT One with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne. We'll sure keep your suggestions in mind for our next model. Thanks for sending those along! @jiri krpalek, Glad you're enjoying it! The black ARCHT One's unit has a cool gray Sound Array while the white unit has a silver Sound Array. We apologize if you were led to believe it was a chrome finish. The warranty page is currently being finalized and as soon as it is live we will let you know. Thanks for your support! @Gregory Wong, So glad to hear you like it! Be sure to share your pictures and videos with us using #LoveMyARCHTOne. P.S. You probably should invite your neighbor over too to enjoy the immersive sounds! @Movie Kang, We will certainly keep you posted on what's in store in the near future! @Edwin, Great, you can still get one more :) <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne @Steve, @Movie Thanks for helping with responses. It's fantastic to have awesome backers like you guys. Added a section on using AirPlay in our technical support page. Keep the feedback and suggestions coming. #LoveMyARCHTOne. @Jacob Solomon, Either Bluetooth or wireless should work just as well for you so it's really all about your preference. If you still have issues, shoot us an email. So glad to hear you're enjoying ARCHT One. We'll keep you updated once the app is live and ready for optimization! @Dag Henrik Bråtane, It makes listening so effortless and we're so ecstatic that you like it. Be sure to share your ARCHT One story with us on social media using #LoveMyARCHTOne. @Jacob, Check out this video that may help <url>#LoveMyARCHTOne. We want to be a part of your homecoming expereince :) @Douglas Ong, Units are being shipped to Singapore via sea then delivered by land. You should receive the unit by the first week of April. Thank you for your patience! @Colin Chapman, Yes, you will just need an adapter for the power plug. @Vidya, Please send any technical questions to <email> and it will be addressed. Thanks for helping out your fellow backer @Movie Kang. You're a true team player :) @Movie Kang, We're so pleased to hear that you love the speaker. It was a labor of love and we thank you for your unwavering support. We'll be sure to keep portability in mind :) The red units were a limited-time only purchase for Kickstarter so unfortunately they are not available for future purchase. @Bruce, Thank you for all the kind words! Be sure to share your experience on social media using #LoveMyARCHTOne @Joshua Tai, It sure does! Hope you're enjoying it :) @Muruga Nathan, So glad to hear you're hooked! The sound can be quite addictive :) We will keep you posted once the app is available on the App Store. @Roberto R, The ARCHT One is going through approvals in the App Store but you can connect to the speaker using Bluetooth and Wi-Fi at this time. We will keep you updated once the app is available. Thanks for your patience. @Vidya, Looks like you're about to get our favorite new device today :) No, the package does not require a signature to be dropped off so you should be fine meeting your friend. Thank you! @ramsey chen, Quality is important to us and the ARCHT Audio team wanted to ensure that we got the color correct on the red ARCHT One units. These units are currently in production along with the white ARCHT One units and as soon as we have an update on shipping, we will let you know. Thank you for your patience. @Morry Zelcovitch, We certainly will! Enjoy your ARCHT One :) @Morry Zelcovitch, Yay! We're so excited to hear that you're enjoying it :) Thanks for being such a wonderful supporter No, the ARCHT One will automatically go into sleep mode so it doesn't stay on all the time. @Martin, We're sorry you're being charged import duties but the requirement is that if there is a transaction that takes place, the buyer is liable for the duties and taxes owed on the product based on the rate you paid for ARCHT One through the Kickstarter campaign. @Vidya, Great! We're excited for you to try it out :) @Lawrence Sumiller, FedEx is preparing the shipments and will send out tracking numbers as they are available. If you do not receive your tracking number by March 20, please send us a Kickstarter message and we will check on your shipment. Thank you! @Colin Chapman, Thanks for reaching out. No, we will be shipping ARCHT One units from China. @Movie Kang, Perfect! We can't wait for you to get it in your hands :) Thanks for your patience with us! @Alex Hartoto, You ordered a white ARCHT One unit and those units are being manufactured in our factory at this time. You will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update for your unit. Thank you for your patience! @Morry Zelcovitch, Great! We can't wait for you to try it out! The app is currently going through approvals in the App Store and we will keep you updated once it is launched. Thank you for your unwavering support! :) @Kenichiro Hashimoto, Perfect, thanks for the update! We can't wait for you to try out your ARCHT One! @Robert, The white ARCHT One units are currently being manufactured so they are not being shipped at this time. Backers who ordered a white unit will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update. Thank you for your patience! @Richard Chen, Yes, you will be able to update your address. Please change it as soon as you can and also send us a message on Kickstarter to let us know that it has been updated in the survey so we can ensure our shipping team is aware. Thank you! @Koen van Schie, Backers who ordered a white ARCHT One unit will be sent an email about shipping details when the white units are ready to be shipped. The white units are currently being manufactured at the factory and we will update you on a time frame for shipping soon. Thank you for your patience! @Move Kang, Great, thanks for the update! @Nathan, You're very welcome! @Movie Kang, You should have received an email yesterday. If not, please let us know and we will email you again. @Franky Fan, Thanks for providing your phone number to us! The dimensions of the gift box is: - 500 mm x 245 mm x 260 mm and 4.75 kg @Nathan, White units are being built by the factory now. There was some delay because the finish quality was not acceptable and we want to provide the highest-quality product to you. Once we have evaluated and completed the white units, we will begin shipping. At this time we do not have a date range for shipping but will certainly keep you updated. Thank you for your patience. @Franky Fan, No, the shipment time frame will be about the same. You should have received an email from Evan Foo, ARCHT Audio's CEO. Please respond promptly and we will get your unit to you as soon as possible. @Koen, Thanks for your question. It's an analog input. @Zhiwey, Thank you for your support and backing of ARCHT One on Kickstarter. We have faced delays in shipping due to product updates in production as well as other factors outside of our control which have backlogged units being shipped. We are doing the best we can to get confirmation on timing as soon as possible and are looking for alternative shipment options as well. As soon as we have more concrete details and estimates for shipping we will provide an update. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you reaching out to us and for your continued support. @Franky Fan, We apologize for the extra shipping cost you have incurred. Units being shipped to the U.S. are affected by the port issue as there is a shipping backlog. We are working to address this issue and as soon as we have a better timeline we will let you know. We do not want to give you an inaccurate time frame for shipping units until we know more. Thank you for your patience. @Kghxkgh, In general, shipping by sea costs ARCHT Audio more than US$75. Air shipping will cost us two to three times more than that. These shipping rates are the best rates available given the size and weight of the ARCHT One unit. We're trying our best to get your unit to you as soon as possible. @Morry, And we can't wait to get it in your hands! @Christopher, The ARCHT One app is being finalized at this time so it is not yet available for download. All of our backers will be notified once the app is live so stay tuned! @Morry, Thanks for being a super early backer. We have everything that we need from you at this time. We're excited about shipping your ARCHT One to you! @Gregory, We're checking on your request and will send you an update soon. Every country has different restrictions on 'gifts' so we want to ensure we provide you with the most accurate information. @Alvin, We're following up with the shipping team on your question and will keep you updated. @Vidya, Thanks Vidya! We appreciate the enthusiasm :) @Gregory, For Singapore shipments ARCHT Audio will be clearing customs on the product so there should be no issues for you. @Franky, We're excited about getting your ARCHT One unit to you! We will have tracking numbers for U.S. shipments in the very near future and once your tracking number is available we will send it directly to you. Stay tuned! @Vadim, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. We are currently following up on your inquiry and will keep you updated on whether your shipment can be marked as a present. @Alvin, The Orbit's motor is tied directly to the AC line frequency and designed for 60Hz mains frequency; it is currently only for the US market. @Vidya and @Alfred, Apologies for the delay in getting back to you. The ARCHT One team has not yet tested the NEEO remote. It is unlikely that ARCHT One is currently compatible, but the great thing about our audio system and NEEO is that we could be in the future. @Sundance, Yes, you already completed the survey in December so we're all squared away. The ARCHT Audio Team @ Vidya, We've got to get that answer from our Tech Team... stay tuned! The Archt Team @ Movie Kang Production is wrapping up on the Super Early Birds and shipment is nearly here! Worldwide units should arrive in late Feb as promised. The Archt Team @Ryan, The Early Birds are on track to ship Late Jan and arrive to you in late Feb. We couldn't be more excited for you to have it! The Archt Team @ Ramsey The rating is 50 X 2 for a total of 100... but closer to 140 peak power. @ Movie Kang Trust us, we are as excited as you! We are on-track for a end of the month (Jan) shipment that will land in the hands of Super Early Birders by late Feb. Finally, we get to do what we've waited for - get yours to you! @ Alvin, We are working with Orbit. We aren't on their technical side, but we WILL get you the answer - the holidays have been good, and it slows the flow of information. We'll be there for you and get you what you need. The Archt Team @ Kokobin, You will require no converters or alternate power. The Archt will fit you right out of the box as it uses a universal power supply - this was something we've addressed all along and the contingency was considered prior to our project going live. You'll love yours the first day sir! The Archt Team @ Derrick, We have been trying to get more photos for you - we said that we'd be attempting that; as of this date, all white units are in the factory being assembled sir. To any who want more photos, as soon as we've gotten our hands on one of these beauties - you'll have them. They are so rare right now, that even we don't have them! Sorry about the lack of these photos, we will follow through as soon as may be! The Archt Team @ Sureshkumar, Please contact our logistics dept: Nate@dreamaudiolab,com They can answers your questions! @ Vadim, Let us get back to you after talking with our shipping dept... stay tuned. @ Doru, There has been a ton of conversation, and updates on our pages... this is a wireless solution for connectivity but it was developed to support many different devices and charge them in addition to providing great sound that fills up your room. A battery was not developed in this version due to expense and our desire to provide you top-notch audio for your home. @ Jilson, The Archt One is shipping from the U.S and not Singapore so the shipping there applies. But it will all be worth it when you unwrap your brand new Archt One well before the rest of the world! @ Jilson, The Archt One has a universal power supply so there are no concerns - your Archt One will work right out of the box! @Supporters, Stay tuned: we are now going to ready a survey in which you'll select color, and we'll get shipping lined up to get your new Archt One's into your hands as soon as Q1 2015 - we have a Feb time frame as our goal. @ Derrick, Yes you do have an input button to switch inputs as was shown in Update # 13; it is located on the Sound Array on the unit itself. Don shows you this in the update. After setting up your device via Bluetooth, like all other devices you just start playing your iPod, or other i device and it will start playing as long as you have the Bluetooth selected on the input menu. The Archt Team @ Derrick, The Archt One possesses it's own sub woofer so in that respect its a very different animal; the Archt Produces its own sound signature that while not surround sound, give true Multi-Directional sound. Or stated another way, will fill your room and be very dynamic. At 50 X power, it delivers Peak Power in the 140 Watt range; if you look at update #9 where Don demonstrates Wireless Bluetooth Pairing you'll note the huge volume that the two Archt were achieving. Where one was awesome, two were mind-blowing. We also hooked up to a guitar on a couple of occasions without compresses sound and the Archt was amazing as well! The simple truth is... we can't directly compare since we are different - but the Archt keeps blowing us away with what it can do! The Archt Team @ Epsen, The Archt One uses a universal power supply and you can use it anywhere in the world - you're covered! @ Andrea, As yet there is Bluetooth support that we recommend for Windows phone; which several of the staff here own. So the Bluetooth functions very well for those phones. @ Timothy The Android does not allow an optimization App at this time, but that is a function of Android more than our development. We are, and will continue to pursue that possibility. @ Jim The Archt One has a one year parts and labor warranty. Hope this helps! @ Mohamed, You bet we do! @ Timothy The power supply is universal - you take your new Archt One out of the box, plug it in and enjoy some of the best Multi Directional sound there is! @ Michal, You will receive a survey following the campaign and will select your color at that time! Then, just stand by while we ready the Archt One for your home! The Archt Team @ Jacob, No issue there sir! You will be up and running beautiful sound right out of the box on the Archt One. We can't wait for you to hear it! The Archt Team @ Richard, We will be delivering as early as we can and your second Archt will honored with the first as we are with all backer orders. Thanks for supporting! The Archt Team Edison, We are working your answer for this one; it's more of a function of the Kickstarter page than anything we are doing. Stay tuned, we want you to have two of these beauties for your home! @Richard, Here's a way to make all that happen: first, run laptop headphone out to a headphone cable splitter then one headphone cable to each Archt and you have it with all cable and not with Bluetooth. Hope this one helps too Richard! Tha Archt Team @ Sebastian The Archt One does not have a current Android App specifically for Android. There are several companion Apps that we are looking at and vetting. Chrome cast being one of those. We suggest a Bluetooth connection for any Android device - it works very well. The Archt Team Hi Gwendal, Yes! ARCHT One is able to support most music types from a variety of sources, such as music from your computer, smartphones, tablets or TV! ARCHT One also supports streaming from internet music services such as Spotify. In our next feature series we will showcase the different input options of ARCHT One, so do look out for that! @Adam & Movie In order to deliver ARCHT One by Jan and Feb 2015, we'll have to keep the existing specs. What we will do, is release a series of feature videos, "Did You Knows", showcasing different aspects of what the ARCHT One can do. We've started with Bluetooth wireless pairing and we have another update due in a few hours. Battery pack is definitely something we're considering for a next product. It's come up several times now and we're looking into that. Do keep the feedback coming. We'll be releasing a survey at the end of the campaign to gather your opinions too! @ Richard, If you decide on a second Archt One, you can just switch your pledge to the "Double the Joy" from your current pledge. We Are going to be releasing a couple of Black Friday specials that you might want to see though. Stay tuned in the next day or so for cool deals! The Archt Team @ Yevgeniy, You can simply use a "Y" connector (splitter) and have two Archt Ones for your TV or HiFi setup. Hope that answers your question! Thanks again for asking. The Archt Team @ Movie Kang Currently, the Archt One is built as intended, but the battery question is being looked at now. Not during the campaign, but we will continue to design/evaluate it's being an option for later models. With this project we are providing the best wireless option we can designed for your room/office, rec room ect. Hope this answers your question! The Archt Team Yevgeniy, The Archt One is a wireless speaker that we provided an Aux input and a USB input to maximize the ways you can connect, and no optical input has been provided to this point. We always look at best options, but stay true to the idea of providing a wireless sound option for users. @ Movie Kang Great idea! And that is top of our list of options we are looking at for the near future! Thanks for the suggestion! The Archt Team @ Movie Kang The final product is close, but the tweaks are going to be with the App and connectivity; we are looking at all things including Android. We are always thinking and looking to keep up with things that are new. Stay tuned because we have a bow wave of content coming; videos, reviews and more over the next week or so. Enough to get you excited and informed about the Archt One's near future! If you see something we should do, or add then feel free to suggest it to us! Thanks for being a part of us! Kickstarters! We've also been mentioned here: <url>… but you can use more than one Archt One at a time. Archt One is a simple, elegant, wireless device designed to hook up in less than 60 seconds and provide Omni-Directional sound. This is the finest wireless audio solution in our view. We do not use a sonar system to optimize the room acoustics; instead we use a special app to optimize sound for your space. This is accomplished by the app using the microphone on your smartphone to send tones to the Archt and make sure you get the best possible sound for your home. As we have mentioned before, there is no internal battery in the Archt One. You simply plug in the universal power supply and it will charge you iOS device as you play it via the USB port. We are glad you have questions and hope these have been addressed here. Our FAQ should be up later today, and it has further information on the unit. @ Movie Kang The Archt performs well indoors or out. The Sound Array delivers great sound for the distances you are discussing. It is designed to provide beautiful Multi-Directional sound on a patio or in a room. At 50 X 2 watts, the unit can deliver plenty of volume to entertain at a party outside. So if there are no walls you could just add more volume and fill the space with pleasing sound. Currently, the team is refining and perfecting the Archt App to deliver all of the benefits sound optimization can bring. We are very pleased and excited with all of the ways the Archt is being used and the sound it delivers. The sound signature is three + years in the making; we are always tuning, refining and working to provide the best sound possible. Hello Kickstarters, my sincere apologies for the delay in our response. I had the pleasure of auditioning the ARCHT ONE today at a major retailer (over 1,000 locations) and I would like to share some of the comments of the seasoned audio veterans I had around me."sounds amazing" "love the design" "you must be proud" and "amazing". I don't share this event to be boastful but to address the concerns of questionable audio quality. The ARCHT team is comprised of the finest audio engineers, designers and music lovers, we partnered with the most reputable factory to carry out our vision. We stand by the product we've made, and we are confident you will appreciate the product we've created and you've shown faith in by supporting us. It is our sincere hope that you will continue to tell your friends and family about this unique revolution in audio. To be more specific, pertaining to certain cocerns, our product is designed to sound great in any space; It is meant to sound different than anything you've ever heard before but to possess a presence of true bass, profound highs and a unique sonic signature that we know is impactful and enjoyable. If you have any other questions please ask away. We can't thank you enough for supporting us. @ Benjamin We certainly do not wish to lose you as we near the launch of our project. As stated to another backer here, we have a number of these in the hands of bigger name reviewers and are waiting just like you. We do have video of a guitar player playing straight through the unit and that speaks for itself. There is more of this content on the way in the coming days in addition to reviews from all around the social and print media world. We simply have to see it come in. Next week, we will be appearing in Buzzfeed and have appeared in several places around the web: High Consumption - <url>