@Mistermark: Sorry about the color mixup. There is no harm in painting the stage black. But another approach is to just cover the stage with a black piece of construction paper or felt that has been cut into a 2.7" x 10x strip. @David: yes! because by our records, we shipped you a stage on 08-10 via USPS. Contact us on <email> and we will start an inquiry into this. @Matt: All KS accounts have the free (old 5$ plan) until JAN 2013. If you provided us a valid account at the survey time, we upgraded you. If we somehow missed you, contact us on <email> and we will change your account status. Indeed, the old $5 plan is gone. We want to be generous to our KS supporters, so write us privately and we will work something out with you for 2013. @Vinod: Your stage was also shipped 09-03, so just like PhoneJoy, it should be arriving today. Please let us know if you do not get it by EOB. @Nicolas: Please send us feedback at <email>. We appreciate it! @Irawan: The stage handles up to 5lbs. @PhoneJoy: We shipped on 09-03. Worst case, 10 business days to Hong Kong would be 09-17. Let us know if it doesn't get there tomorrow and we will file an inquiry with Fedex. Out of 150+ intl shipments, yours is the first to take >10 days...but it is also one of the few to HongKong/China. @Nicolas: The brown paper is meant to be peeled off the white plastic top. It is there to prevent scratches on the top of the surface. Use your fingernail to lift a corner of the paper, then peel the rest off. If you turn the stage on its bottom, you will see two screws. By unscrewing them, you will see where you need to place 6 batteries; pop them in, reassemble and flip the switch. Write us at <email> and we will respond faster. We are also available on google hangouts. @Angel: Yours was shipped 09-07. @Irawan: We shipped your 5 stages on 09-12. We use a fedex service that does not give us individual tracking numbers. The spin that you shot looks good---somewhat grainy though. What camera do you use? Feel free to write us at <email> @bertie: Hi Bertie, your stage was shipped 09-03 via Fedex International Mail Service. @Nicolas: Your stage was shipped on 09-04. We use Fedex international mail service; it requires 4-7 business days to deliver, and we don't get individual tracking #s (only #s for the entire bundle when it arrives in CH). @Brad: I just emailed you your tracking #. @antimix: EVERY spin that we've made has been produced entirely with the app--no retouching. Our trick is to shoot against either a black or white background, and then adjust the white-balance, black point, and curves so that the background disappears. See our blog; we will be posting some tips on how to do this. BTW, the AnyCase looks fantastic. Can we buy one to test? Hi Ronny, Your stage has been shipped via Fedex International Mail on 09-05. This service does not give us an individual tracking # for each package, but rather, a tracking number for the large batch that is headed to Australia. As soon as the batch arrives in Australia, we should receive a ping. Thank you for being an early backer! @SeanMcAleer: Re batteries, theoretically, 2200mAH batteries should power the device for >8hrs, but this figure is based on crude measurements of current usage and a very simple model. We can note anecdotally that it is possible to take >100 spins on a single set of charged batteries. Using a lower width parameter will not increase the load time. It will just change the amount of space the embed occupies on a webpage. Please write us at <email> for further info about your last two questions. @Rebee, @Ryan: We emailed you privately with your tracking numbers earlier this week...just wanted to make sure that the other readers on this public forum didn't conclude that we ignored you. @PhoneJoy: Hi Martin, yours was shipped on 9-03. We have shipped almost all of the 60,85,110,150 orders. We are waiting for a few people to add the international shipping fees. There are about 30 backers left as of Wednesday who we are working on now; Write us at <email> if you have any questions. THANK you for your support and patience. @Matt: Those are indeed gorgeous spins! Please post a photograph to help others reproduce the setup. @Philip WOW! Excellent tutorial. Thanks so much for sharing. @Philip Thanks for sharing! Could you post a picture of your setup? We'd like to see how you are arranging the Modahaus TableTop Studio with your iDevice and Arqball Spin turntable. We just posted a piece on our blog that gives "behind the scenes" access on a recent project we did for the UVA Art Museum: <url>"Spin Me" rewards. After that, we will begin processing international recipients followed by the higher-tiered pledges. We can't thank you enough for your support and patience! Hi Scott, Our final design did not include a battery cover because we found that the batteries stayed tightly fit inside the holder on their own. We also weren't happy with the build quality of the covers we sourced and did not want to further delay stage delivery. We will be posting an STL file soon for the stand soon that you can have one 3D-printed. In the meantime, any iPhone tripod will suffice. Post some spins!!! Hello Backers, We're very busy these days fulfilling KS stage rewards. We shipped a record 100 stages today(!) and will attempt to hit the same mark tomorrow. If you haven't received your stage yet rest assured that we are working tirelessly to fulfill your order. Please send us a message with any specific questions or concerns. Best, The Arqball Team @Amit: Will record your choice. @Ryan: We are working as fast as we can. Big issue is waiting for parts. Add your specific details to the Survey we sent (under special requests), or write us at <email> @MattArcher: You can use this link <url>"float." It's also helpful to set a white point and adjust the contrast/brightness using the in-app editing controls to more cleanly isolate the object. Here is an example spin made using a white backdrop: <url>~5lbs weight. @Kailash: Checkout our new pricing: <url>"Panorama style" taken when I was on Mt.Etna: <url>"setup" shot and proof that our stage works at high altitude and low temperature: <url>"pano-style" spins can also be easily stitched into standard panos. If there is enough interest, we can probably create that export option quite easily....although there are already several stitching apps already available. @Hans: glad you figured it out. Here is the workflow we had in mind: Once you capture a spin, you can edit it. You can come back later and edit as well. However, once you "publish/share" the spin, then those editing parameters have been baked in and sent to our servers. To re-edit, you clone the original and start edits afresh. Here is why: If you were to later come back and edit a spin you have published, you might have the expectation that those edits would propagate to the server....or you might expect that when you "share" this version, the old version that you shared is left unchanged. Which one? To prevent this confusion, we have you explicitly "clone" the spin, and edit this clone. The clone acts like a newly captured spin from both the App and your perspective. @Jason, what we do to use different colored bases is to place them on top of the stage. So far, we use foam-core or acrylic that has been cut into an 8" or 12" circle, and has a donut-hole (torus) with internal diameter 5" centered and glued to the underside. This platform then easily sits on the stage and is held centered by the torus. You could easily do something similar with the glass. If you only need it for jewelry, and 5" dia is enough, just place it on top of the stage and forget the torus. Does this make sense? Tony, Thanks for the feedback! We are working on redesigning the site this week to be more helpful. We will try to incorporate your suggestions RE tutorial + faq. @Mike Lougee: RE tripod mount, we had the same idea. Working on a way to make a tripod thread mount into a solid alu piece affixed to the bottom. Easier would be plastic, but that doesn't seem sturdy enough for a threaded mount. We are thinking about how to economically achieve this feature. RE delivery: As soon as we get to ~75%, we'll feel comfortable ordering the parts early on our credit cards :) More than anybody else, we want to see this happen and get stages out asap. Hey femto, we've tested heavily on Opera and haven't seen this problem before. Could you send an e-mail to <email> with details about your OS and browser version? Thanks for your help! femto - We definitely have plans for an Android app, but it is still in early development. Mark - you are exactly right! There are other pano apps targeted specifically at outward looking 360s, but you can make them with our app and stage as well. Philip - Thanks so much! Help us get the word out; with a little word-of-mouth marketing I think we can reach the goal soon. Hey Roy, I thought you might appreciate this spin I just took: <url>"traditional" 3D models with tools like Maya, Autodesk, etc. is very time consuming and expensive. Arqball Spin achieves a comparable 3D experience that anyone can create with their phone in 60 seconds---indeed, part of the confusion is that Arqball Spin is not in the same category as those other tools, and that is the advantage of the platform. Although we do capture the 3D appearance of an object through a sequence of carefully chosen images, features like object labeling show that our algorithm is recovering some depth information about the object (see this video for a demonstration of labeling <url>"spins" will further blur the line between parametric 3D model, image-based 3D model, and video. In particular, the idea of exporting geometry is in Arqball's feature pipeline. More technically, Arqball is capturing something called a light field which is a fairly well understood image-based representation of a 3d object. Read more here: <url>"float". This is how we made the spins on our webpage that appear to float on white/black backgrounds. We actually recommend using foam core boards for this, which you can pick up at most hobby stores (e.g., Michael's). The idea is to create a circular base that you rest on the stage and a backdrop that is the same color. You will also want to play around with the white balance and curve editing controls in the app to help blow out the background to either white or black. We'll be making blog posts in the weeks ahead that more clearly illustrate this process and give a "rough guide" to making cool spins. Best, Arqball Team Hi Tom, Great idea. Allowing you to set the rotation speed in the app is something that is on our feature list. This should make it easier to make spins with other rotation systems. I can't give you a very precise estimate of when that will become available unfortunately, but my best guess is some time in the summer. Best, Arqball Team Hi Roy, It's important to note that Arqball Spin does not currently allow exporting spins to 3d/.stl files (we added a statement to the FAQ about this). That capability is something we are working on, but our solution will likely not achieve 0.125mm resolution. If that is critical to your application we should discuss a refund. Thanks, Arqball Spin Team