Hi guys! Surveys were sent only for the reward levels that had additional rewards... The majority of backers that ordered less than three decks have not yet received their surveys! Feel free to shoot me any questions, now that the lines of communication are back wide open. Best, Ed Hi Mikael, We would sent surveys as soon as we receive decks from the USPCC. All other artwork is shipped to Altius management HQ in USA, all depends on USPCC and how soon decks would be printed. Just raise the sum of your initial pledge, and send us the message with your current order, directly. Thanks. Yes, Tcrew, we planning some additions to a deck if we break through a stretch goals, but we would have some cool gifts to loyal backers regardless of that... So, stay tuned... Yes we are almost there! Thanks everyone for the support. Because so many people had such great ideas about a special reward for meeting the goal---we decided to do an EXTRA special reward, and do it for hitting $20,000. Stay tuned for more exciting details---you guys are gonna like this! Hey Alicia, Yes, you just click on "manage your pledge" button (under date counter on home page of the project, after you sign in) and raise your pledge to the amount you wish... Hey Joshua, there would be some custom dice offerings, just stay tuned... AussieNinja, yes, we would place some add-on offers for additional dealer buttons. Ropya, we would consider that idea as possible reward, if we succeed to reach some stretch goals. Thank you everyone for the amazing support. To answer the questions in order... Yes, Jurik, your math is correct. Chris and other international buyers--- we have added a pledge at $40 for international that will give you a better deal with shipping included. Cybrasty-- good comment, we have thought of it, and you might be pleased when we roll out the stretch rewards---thanks for the thoughts. Great job on the math Bastian! Matthew, thanks--you're gonna like them! Alexander, as long as the info is notated as part of the survey, that should be enough. Fluffy - we have had a couple of requests for Milan to sign a deck... because he is in Serbia and the decks are being printed in the USA, we are going to be rolling out another option soon as a way to get a signed part of the Asylum project---stay tuned, and please help us reach the goal by telling your friends and posting about this project. :)