Hey guys, I just wanted to take a moment to clear the air about the status of this project. Firstly, I want to apologize to all of our backers for our lack of communication over the summer. Many in the industry have fallen on hard times with studios closing, massive layoffs, etc. and our team members, myself included, were affected by these issues. As you well know, we raised only enough money for this project to purchase licenses required to publish the project. By no means is this project a means of income for any of our members, in fact, many of us have put our own, personal money into the project. So when we were hit by layoffs and set adrift in a sea of other laid-off developers, many of us had to double down and focus on finding work, which meant for many of us, we did not have time to continue our work on the project. Days turned into weeks, weeks to months, and we dropped the ball communicating this to all of you, because we never planned for it to have been such a long process. Many of us have found new work, moved or are in the process of moving, and will be returning to the project. That said, we are going to be focusing on making the game playable and getting it in people's hands. Until that happens we probably won't be posting updates. Once we're at that point, and we can start iterating on the title itself, based on actual feedback from you, we'll begin posting regular updates. We've made some mistakes along the way on the project, and I apologize to all of you for that. To clarify, none of this is an excuse -- but I wanted you all to know where the project stands, and where the team has been these last months. I also want to clarify that the project is not canceled. The dev team is still pounding away, we're sharing smaller updates via Twitter and Facebook, if you're not already follow us and/or like us if you're interested in more frequent updates. <url>"Holy Stones!" @Peter I'll be sure to check it out! For the record though, abilities in the proof of concept are not an indicator of what is to come, they are intentionally very straightforward example abilities. Trust us, we have lots of fantastic, exciting and unique abilities planned! @Steven Awesome question! Stat growth is determined by a character's elemental alignment, as well as the auracite they have equipped at the moment they level up. And these base stats remain regardless of class, though classes will have offsets and potentially multipliers. (Hooks in for both, but it's a long way out before we finalize the numbers.) So yes, hardcore players will be able to use class swapping to great effect to train their characters with the stats they desire! @David You can leave a comment directly on the update if you'd like to discuss that topic in particular! Feel free to answer these questions on the update page if you make your next comment there. ○ What makes you say Play Style B? ○ I don't wish to influence your decision, but we do have plans for a fantasy style that will feature not only influences from Europe, but the near east, as well as other regions of the globe, and purely fantastic styles. @Omnifarious To follow up, if you'd like to gift multiple rewards the ideal way to do that would be to create additional accounts and make separate donations in your friends names! However, if that's not an option or too difficult, please send me a personal message and we can work out another solution! Lucky # indeed, screenshotted for posterity! Sorry I didn't respond sooner to PAX, about the same time you made that comment someone else asked in a message, and apparently I forgot to respond here! I won't be unfortunately, nor will the core development team. One of our designers and our new audio people will be, but there won't be a large presence for the game. If and when we attend any other events, however, we will be sure to let you all know! I'm aiming to be at PAX next year, and for Aura to have a presence. @Omnifarious Android games can be distributed fairly easily as installs as far as I understand. (I don't own an Android myself, at the moment.) Rest assured, you will receive a copy of the game on your desired platform. Don't have any concerns about it, we just can't inform you as to the method until we're actually ready to distribute. @Omnifarious I can't answer this question at this time, but I've submitted a ticket to Kickstarter to find out for you. I'll let you know as soon as I hear back from them, however, simply upping your donation amount would not work given the way that the system works. (Thanks for the question!) As an addendum though, if you're simply interested in copies of the game for your friends when it launches, you could always gift those copies through the app store, or whatever other relevant storefront. @Trevor Thanks for the kind words, I'll be sure to high five myself next time I see me! (I'm by no means a graphic designer, so it's great to hear that the logo caught some attention!) @Sean I can't comment 100% on the format we will be releasing an android version in, however, suffice to say that we want to be able to reach as many potential players as possible, so if there's a demand for a particular format, we'll work to meet it! @Nicholas Thanks for your support! @Ominfarious There will be built in Facebook functionality or something equivalent to help you find friends that play. As for the matchmaking functionality, I can't go into any details yet, because we haven't begun working on matchmaking yet. It's definitely something we will keep you updated on though! No worries @Charles! And I meant to clarify, not call you out on terminology, that's all! We would never sell what's up there as a vertical slice of the game is all I mean. Glad you feel like it's already very far along! Hopefully we'll have much more polished content to show you all very soon. We're overhauling the user interface and update to Unity 3.5 as I speak! @Charles Just to clarify, it's actually not a demo, just a proof of concept! Essentially, it's proof that the game works/functions. It's still a very rough/early phase in development. I would never call what is online right now a demo, demo implies that the experience is similar to what the experience will be in the finished game, simply a small section of it (or vertical slice.) The game is going to be far more playable, clear, etc. when it is finally released, and there will be many more playable builds and demos before that time! I'm glad you decided to back us, we'll be sure to keep you up to date, and keep getting feedback from our fans! @David Thank you! It's definitely very rough, if our backers prefer that style, we will certainly develop it further, everything you see in what we've shown so far was put together in the course of two weeks! @Peter Done and done! We were looking into this, and we love the idea, it's great to see indie developers supporting one another. @Yggdroid Hey thanks for your support! We're in the process of scheduling some features/interviews with a few places, and we have been promoting, but there's always room for more promotion if you had any specific suggestions! We also have some concept art & in-game art showing our other potential art style, I'll post an update in the future to show some of it off! That way when the project is backed and I send out the survey, everyone will know what they're voting for!