Hello everyone, we're still here. Tomorrow evening we'll be posting our transparency update on *exactly* what hardware we have and what the plans are for Baboomi. We've gotten help from other individuals to work on our communication. All refunds are being processed because our communication has let you down. I'm so sorry we've been so quiet about our progress - it's inexcusable. See you tomorrow evening, Ethan Hey guys, I am currently working with Jeff to make a big blog post about all of the technical details, as well as laying out all of the specific reasons it is taking us so long to finish a model we are comfortable with producing on a large scale to send to you guys. Quality is the most important concern for us, and that is really why it is taking so long. Yes, I have responded to everyone and are fulfilling every request. I understand their positions and they are not unwarranted. Posted the first blog post today at baboomi.com/blog going over all of our design philosophies and plans with the alarm system. After some headaches with our site, I will be posting another blog post tomorrow at the regular timeslot of Saturday evenings. I received 3 more questions since I posted that and wanted to incorporate them into the video. I am working right now on finishing the video and it will be posted soon. I'm really sorry for the delay. Hey guys - We have been receiving some technical questions ever since I posted the last update. I now have about a dozen questions that will be completely answered. I really apologize about taking so long for the video to come out, but It is going to be long and it is going to go over everything. It will be coming out tomorrow, just have to do the final editing. Hey guys! Update tonight! Thanks for staying with us. @Brandon: We will use a different company. Thanks for showing. @John: We will be doing a survey for that soon! @Tejeev: I sent you a message! Let me know if I can be of any more help! Hey guys, I posted an update that I hope answered all of your questions. I will be responding to all comments within 48 hours now. I sincerely apologize. Hey guys! Sorry we don't have any big updates to show you (not quite yet) but we will very soon. Just wanted to let you know we are still here! @Max and Rajesh: Hey guys - sorry for taking a little bit to get back to you. I had never heard of backerkit or their service. I simply had several people ask me for a way to order multiple units so we quickly threw up an Indiegogo that did just that. Looking back, I wish I would have known about backerkit because it seems like it would have been a better idea. Of course more sales are great, but I reiterate that the Indiegogo was just a means to offer it to the several people who reached out to me wanting a unit (and multiple units). We do not need any more capital to make Baboomi happen. If you look at the Indiegogo, you'll notice that it was almost exactly the same as the Kickstarter - this is because time actually working on Baboomi is much more valuable to me and the team, and that is exactly what we have been doing. We didn't do any marketing for the Indiegogo and didn't expect any fantastic sales - I just wanted to offer it those people who reached out to me (and they are the only 3 backers). I really apologize if our actions have caused any concerns. However, I absolutely promise that you will have your Baboomi next year. We have been working extremely hard to be able to show off our fully functional prototypes that we will be sending to our beta testers in January. I sincerely think all of our backers will be pleased with the progress. We are deeply committed to Baboomi, and we truly believe Baboomi will make your mornings better. I hope that when we show you our progress you will be pleased. Thank you, Ethan Byrd @Reya: Interesting idea! We'll have to think on that! Although we have not finalized the finish, we are fairly certain that it will not be glossy. @Watts: Thank you! That is the plan! We look forward to getting your valuable feedback! @trevor: Thank you! We're just glad to have such an amazing group of backers and supporters. You guys are so awesome! We'll be posting an update soon! @Rajesh: Excellent suggestion! We will make sure to address this in the final version! Thank for the continued valuable support! @Allan: Thank you for the support! We will do our best to upgrade the firmware, but the main reason we have a Beta program is to test hardware configurations for the final version. Our Beta testers will help us refine the features and make sure our units operate perfectly. Remember, you will also be receiving a final version to benefit from your own feedback! @CK: Yes, all stretch goals will apply to all units! @Rajesh: I apologize and thank you! In short, we have no yet decided everything the sleep statistics will include as they are still very much in development and we also want to get community feedback! All of the information will be viewable in the app! 1) There are several ways to find out if a user is asleep, mainly involving movement and breathing patterns. We will release more details closer to launch. 2) The approximate retail price for the regular Baboomi will be $89. We have not reached any decisions on the retail price for Baboomi Plus as of yet. We will keep you updated! @Rescla: I apologize. We are not offering an Early Bird for the developer edition. @Watts: Excellent! We all look forward to your feedback to make Baboomi better! @Jared: Absolutely! You will be to find a perfect setting that both goes through your pillows and is comfortable. @Watts: We were considering doing some sort of wall mount, but with our first release I don't think it will be possible. About the Beta pledge: Kickstarter says to say the delivery date must be when ALL of the reward level ships. If you pledge to the Beta program, you will get a unit in January and an additional unit in March. Please let me know if you have any more questions or concerns! @Jared: The battery will be replaceable and we plan on making a full guide to show our users how to do it themselves! As someone who has personally used the Baboomi to wake up, I can honestly say that I found a setting for the vibrations that comfortably woke me up slowly and gently. The main idea behind Baboomi is that it can be heavily customized for virtually any type of sleeper, and an added benefit of vibration is that it can only wake you up and not your partner. So, if you are just someone who wants a better way to wake up, I think Baboomi is for you. If you have any more questions, please let me know! @Alex: I agree with you! Our main focus was designing a very intuitive and customizable way to wake up, however, any features that can help make waking up (and sleeping itself) better is also our goal. That's why we want to be able to work on sleep analytics, and decided to make it a stretch goal. Unfortunately, it was not included in our main goal because that was just enough to finish and ship Baboomi. But I feel as though we will reach $40,000 by the end of the project! Please let me know if you have any more questions or concerns! @Rajesh: I apologize about the delay in response. We have been very busy planning for Baboomi. I know this is no excuse, but I hope I can answer your questions now. The white Baboomi will not be able load custom scripts, as this is a hardware restriction on the Bluetooth. Many people do not have a need for custom scripts, since we will have a intuitive alarm creation system in the app itself. We felt this warranted a version for those who want to both create and use custom scripts form others. I apologize again for the delay in the response. @Joshua: We had originally planned to have a micro USB in the Baboomi alarm unit, however, we moved away from this idea for safety reasons. One of the reasons we decided to make Baboomi was to keep wires out of the bed, and we were worried that some users may try to charge it while they slept. I have good news though! The base will be much smaller than it appears right now, so maybe it will be easier for you to travel with it. @Chan: I sent you a message. Thanks for the feedback guys! Sorry for the delay in the response time! Hey guys! I sincerely apologize about the wait. @Alejandro: You are exactly right! We will post a graphic for it tomorrow. However, if you have any specific questions, please feel free to contact me! @Howard: Yes, the Baboomi developer version has been completely renamed to the "Baboomi Plus". I apologize for the confusion. We are not allowed to change reward descriptions after at least one person has pledged to it. @Oleksandr: Sure! The Baboomi Plus is designed to be used by those who want to control every aspect of their Baboomi. While the white Baboomi can only do what our official app has functionalities for, the Baboomi Plus has the ability to hold custom scripts written by the user (or others) to control every single aspect of the Baboomi. You should get the Baboomi Plus if you are going to be interested in making the Baboomi do anything that isn't a default feature! If you have any more specific questions, please let me know! Hey guys! I apologize for taking so long to respond to all of the comments. @Matthew: One of the stretch goals we plan is to have the community choose an additional platform for us to officially support and Blackberry will be on there! @Erick-Jan: That is very true and one of the things we thought about. That is why we are making the Baboomi extremely customizable and very powerful, so that if you are worried about something like this happening, it can vibrate the whole bed to make sure you get up. @Watts: This will be entirely possible with our native app. You could make it so that if the Baboomi has not been placed on the base after a certain amount of time, it will go crazy. That is a cool project as well! We will look to see if we can make the Baboomi capable of compatibility with their product. @Robert: This will absolutely be possible with the alarm customization! @Matthew: We are looking into adding some sort of audio as a possible stretch goal. As for the profiles, this will be a main feature of the app! @Sun Kyo Lee: I apologize for taking so long to update you guys with our stretch goals. Thanks for all the feedback guys! Please let me know if I can help any more! @Brendan @Paul : Great idea! We were looking into putting an LCD screen on the side of the base but was not sure if there was a big demand for it. We plan to make it a stretch goal so stay tuned! @Erik-Jan: As of now, we are only going to be using the accelerometer for user control. Things such as snoozing or turning the Bluetooth on for a moment. The app will have functionality similar to sleepyti.me where it will wake you up when you should be ending a sleep cycle if you tell it when you are going to bed. We want to do more sleep analytics and features, but because of the development time involved, we will be announcing them as stretch goals. I am so glad you are interested in getting more Baboomis! Unfortunately, Kickstarter guidelines for Hardware projects do not allow us to sell multiple units to the same user. @David @Watts : Thanks guys! It is so exciting to have such awesome backers! Please let me know if you guys have any more questions or concerns! @Shawn: That will be very much possible. One of the reasons we wanted to make Baboomi heavily customizable was so that it could be used as an alarm for virtually anything - especially emergency situations! We are working very hard right now on fleshing out the SDK and the API and will be releasing more details later in the project. Let me know if you have any more questions! @Rajesh: I apologize for the confusion over the models! Thank you for the suggestion and we will be working on a comparison chart to release later this week. To answer your question: The white version will not have WiFi capability or the ability to load custom scripts. This means It will have all the functionality that are included natively in the official Baboomi app. As of now, there will be no sleep statistic tracking in the regular version, however, we will be announcing that as a stretch goal! Please let me know if you have any more feedback! @Patrick: Great suggestions Patrick! As of now there are no real "standards" for wireless charging. The most popular standard is Qi, and making Baboomi Qi compliant is going to be one of our possible stretch goals. As for the LCD screen, this was also planned to be a stretch goal as we know it would be very useful. Thanks for the feedback and please let me know if there is anything else I can help with! Oleksandr: Yes it will work just fine! You will have to make sure your Android version is upgraded to 4.3. Let me know if you have any other questions! Mark Trickey: Absolutely! The developer version is an upgraded regular version, so you can use all all of the features of the regular one with so much more. Use it to wake up great the first night you get it and check out the developer tools the next morning! Let me know if you have any other questions or concerns! Matthew & Watts: The developer API will be able to work great with the WigWag. Native WigWag support is something we are considering doing as a stretch goal! Anthony: We would love to do more color options as a stretch goal! Rajesh: Great question! The black WiFi edition, like you said, will be able to be controlled from long distances. But, don't let the word "developer" scare you! Our extremely easy to use API will allow you to control all of the components of the Baboomi individually and do what ever you want with them. For example: want to know if a child wakes up? Set up a basic script that notifies you when the Baboomi is set on the base. Want to know how well you sleep? The sensitive accelerometer can give you details about how calm you slept. Want to wake up with an LED notification of emails, tweets etc.? There is so much you can do with our API. We will be adding stretch goals for more cool developer features as well! Lars: We will absolutely look into doing that for a stretch goal!