Rydych yn croeso, Nello! Thanks everyone for the encouraging comments! I'm so glad you're all enjoying the book. Hi Daniel- Thanks so much for your thoughtful comments! Hopefully the Basewood Companion Volume and Songs From the Basewood album will help satisfy your desire to know more about the characters and the world of Basewood. Look for those, along with the hardback book in the months to come! Best, Alec Hi Luc- The blank speech balloons are intentional; it was my attempt to help separate the reader from time, since it is sort of a montage scene. Instead of focusing on what's being said in that panel, which ties you to that moment, the balloons are blank, which hopefully detaches the reader a bit, so that it is less jarring when time starts speeding up. Like in film, when a montage starts, usually music fills the soundtrack and you cannot hear what people are saying, but you can see that things are being said. It might not be totally successful, but it was an attempt to try something new in comics! It might not make sense when you just flip through the book and see it, but hopefully it will make sense when you are reading the whole book and it appears in context. It happens a few other times throughout the book. Wow, thanks Patrick! I'm honored you backed the big heavy book, even after reading Basewood! Sorry the shipping is so expensive. Glad to have you on board! Hi Tyler- Thanks for backing this project! I'm already going to have my hands full getting these books signed and out to everyone by April, along with finishing up Songs From the Basewood. I'd rather not push my luck and try to add on too many extra things. I want to stay focused on the book. So, alas, I have no plans to make a Basewood T-Shirt. Sorry, man! Hi Connor- I became pen pals with a Belgian cartoonist named Max de Radiguès, who is part of the L'employé du Moi comics collective. In 2007 they published a 200-page collection of my Phase 7 comics: <url>#014: <url>ürgen Press before. I really enjoyed checking out his work. I can see the similarity too. Thank you for the high complement and for backing this project. Wow, thanks for this heartfelt comment, Ulysses! I agree that the best comics are creator owned. I look forward to getting a copy of it into your hands! :) Marc, I'm glad to know you are enjoying Phase 7 so far! Thanks gang. I am absolutely humbled by everyone's support of this project. Thanks everyone! It's been an amazing day so far. Hopefully we can keep this momentum going strong!