@Robert Sulentic: The physical versions of the game have been sent out to backers a long time ago. Didn't you read about it in the update emails? @Jamie: You can unlock it for both, no problem. @Frederico: You should've received your key via e-mail. If you can't find it (spam folder?) please contact us at support@battle-worlds.com We should come back to you within a couple of days. If you don't get a responce there might be some fundamental e-mail problems. Ülease send us a message here at Kickstarter in that case. @Eric: It's up and running. We'll do some internal tests in the next few weeks and then a closed beta. If everything goes according to plan, the mobile versions will be released in two months or so. @Jason: If you haven't heart from then until now, there must be a mail problem (spam filters or the like). Please write me a message in that case and I’ll send you the info there. @ingognito: shipment@battle-worlds.com should have responed to you (like they did for dozens of other people with problems). Please send the mail(s) you've sent them to support@battle-worlds.com than we'll have a look. Hi Jamie, We're working on it and I think in about two month time we might have a something ;-) @ingognito: You should've received the box by now. Please contact shipment@battle-worlds.com They'll help you. ...well... tomorrow. But here's the how-to: <url>"help" screen as well. @Michael: Do you still have the problem? (Unfortunately there seems to be a small number of backers who don't see the Vouchers Section for unknown reasons). If you still have the problem, please write a mail to support@battle-worlds.com (we try to fix every request as fast as possible). @Jito: Thanks a lot :-) I agree. I think we'll start the survey soon, whether Steam and GoG launched their sales or not. In that case at least everybody who doesn't want the game from them gets their copy. If you find any way to reproduce the problem, please let us know. We know the problem exists (we have it ourselves occasionally) but we can’t reproduce it. @Mike & Emil: I've sent your messages to the support again and asked them to deal with your issues early next week. Sorry for slow responce, it was a crazy busy week. Jan @Christian: Ah, ok. No problem. Jito is right. A Kickstarter pledge is more than a "pre-order". But none the less we try to give the backers more than everybody else because without you backers there wouldn't be a game. It might be possible that the normal edition or the special editions are cheaper than the backer-versions due to promotions (Amazon & Steam like to give discounts for games in the first days). But we suggested a higher retail price. @Christian: Maybe you confused the editions? The only edition available at amazon.de at the moment is not the special edition (which will be more expensive), its the standard edition. @Christian: Umm... no? There will be a German boxed version and a German special edition as announced. Both of them are more expensive than the comparable Kickstarter editions. And for the Kickstarter editions you get early access, the iOS version, the Android version and the OUYA version for free… so… where is the problem? @Louis & Mario: I've send the support a message that they should re-send you guys the keys on Monday. If they have already sent you the key twice they'll send you a Kickstarter message with the key instead. @Jason: Feel free to install both version. All backers get all versions of the game (because you're awesome) :-) @Mark: Please contact support@battle-worlds.com. If you've already done so (and still have no key), please write me a message here at Kickstarter. In that case we'll send you the key via message. We've already re-send all keys for everybody who contacted us. So if you still haven't receive your key mails don't go through. If everything goes according to plan, we'll launch the closed beta tomorrow morning C.E.T. (in about 12-13 hours from now). :-) That's the first beta for all backers ($20 or above). @Arne: There will be another Alpha tomorrow (?). This Alpha is basically the test-case for the beta we're going to release next week. So... alomost August ;-) Jan @William: We invested a fair amount of our own money into the game as well. It's roughly 50/50 (KING Art money and Kickstarter money). I think it's a good thing when developers put as much money and effort as possible into a game before going to Kickstarter. This way it's clear they are 100% committed. @Konstantinos: The Steam and the GoG codes should be out. Ironically it’s harder to deliver the game via our own shop. We use a third party solution and there were some problems with the codes. But I think you should get the code early next week. @Ekster: Yes, more or less ;-) The whole "survey/support" stuff after the Kickstarter took much longer than anticipated but at the same time we make pretty good progress with the first alpha. Our plan is to finish it next week, do some internal testing/QA and then ship it the week after next week. I would say let's end this conversation. Valery was annoyed by today's sterotypes of Russians and Meganothing was annoyed by today's stereotypes of Germans. No need to go back 60 years ;-) @Jito463: We'll try to get the big version for everybody, sure. @Bloodraven: We hope to get all the keys next week. So the week after next week everybody should get access. @Master Weresheep: Thank you very much. It was more work than expected, thou. We thought we would get all information needed from Kickstarter. But that wasn't the case. @Jito463: It's not a standard Kickstarter survey (from Kickstarter) but an e-mail from "BWK - KING Art Games" with the subject "Battle Worlds: Kronos - Kickstarter Survey". You should've received one until now. If you haven't, please let us know (support@battle-worlds.com) @gumonleg: There is none at the moment but there will be (I think next week). We're going to explain it in an upcoming update. @Rainer: We're thinking about but but we're not sure yet. @Yuhui: Could you please write a mail to support@battle-worlds.com? We'll find a solution. We need to know where you're from because of tax-issues. If you only selected digital rewards and don't want to name your adress, that's fine (just write anything into the field). But we need to know your country and the state. Hi Nick. I see. Could you please send us an e-mail to "support@battle-worlds.com"? We'll have a look at this issue next week and we'll surely find a solution. @Nick: At the top-left of our survey screen there is the Dollar amount Kickstarter says you’ve pledged. Is it 35 Dollars? Hi guys! We received the final Kickstarter data yesterday. We need a few days to finish all preparations. Then we're going to send out the e-mails (this week)! Jan This one might be worth a look, too: <url>"pre-order" opportunity. Wo-hoo! The Caribbean is waiting! ...uhm... I mean... work. :-) @Christian: We're going to take a drink or two Monday evening ;-) @Gallion: After the Kickstarter campaign has ended we'll contact all backers and we'll ask them what they want to have for their extra money. @Thomas: You can add stuff now (take a look at update #8). Maybe it's possible to add some things later via PayPal but not all of it, I guess (because it has to be produced and so on). $249,998 Oo I'm watching "Periodic Table of Videos" at Youtube, write and article for Making Games and read these comments. For some reasons it takes pretty long to write the article. @I have no mouth and I must Baaah: Great name & welcome! @Thilo: Thanks for your great support! (On PCGH and for the pledge) :-) @Jito: We're here, enjoying the show ;-) New update: <url>"Conquer the planet"-add-on"): If the game sells at least reasonably well (and there is no reason to doubt that), we would love to make the add-on! @Melvin (BW:K on Gamestick): There are no plans at the moment. But after the campaign and as soon as everything is on it’s way for the announced platforms we might take a look at additional platforms. @Stefan (split the stretch-goals): We’re really happy with the campaign and the way everything turned out. But there are improvements for a possible next campaign: Better (smaller) stretch-goals is one of them. Unfortunately it’s pretty much impossible to split the stretch-goals production-wise. Sure, we could make the languages as a separate goal but that’s only like 5 or 10% of the costs. So: Yes, we have to work on the stretch-goals the next time. @Klaus (infantry): There is an infantry robot (on weels) and snipers, used by all invaders factions. Then there are the "Assault Infantry" and the "Gunner Infantry", used by the invaders and also the hacker, the special unit of the Yerla Inc. faction. @Hope: We're not sure about that. I think it will be one of the questions we need feedback for. On the one hand its a good think if you miss-clicked or something like that. On the other hands it might be use for exploitation (for example: We got fog of war in the game and if your unit moves into an enemy squad you might undo the move...) @Arrow (third copy): Your support is very much appreciated. But to be honest: You only need one copy to play the game on your computer, OUYA and tablet (if you back the game you'll get all versions). @Sam (Add-on rewards): Yes, please check the update #8: <url>#3, New Add-on Rewards, Reddit AMA, Three days to go! <url>"Battle Worlds Academy" video and there will be the final big press-push as well. It's going to be a close call but I think we'll reach the second stretch goal (and with that twice the amount of money we needed to finish the game)! Guys, tomorrow when Jan comes back, we'll probably have some new update for you, but till then please get along here. Im sure it was nobodies intent to insult anyone, rather than just the exitement and thrill so close to the finishline that cooked up some emotions here. The PayPal amount unfortunately didn't go up as expected. We are now at now around 12k. Stay tune and please get along :) Tomorrow we're in Berlin at the "Quo Vadis" developer conference, meeting Richard Garriot, Carles Cecill, Al Lowe and others. Oh, and our $5.000 "Notch" (Claas Kersting) will be there, too. Hopefully we can persuade some of them to give us a Twitter shout-out. @Jito: Major updates will be released on Kickstarter as well. @Valery (Android): Thanks for the info. We took a short look at the Apple/iTunes stuff and that's basically hell. @Marcin: The game will be available in the App-Store and PlayStore, but as apple & Google doesn't make it easy to distribute apps, which will normally has to be purchased, for free we still have to figure out how we'll handle this exactly. There are a couple of ways, some are more comfortable for android and some are more for apple. We want to find the RIGHT way! Be assured that all backers will receive a free version. And for the multiplayer it doesn't matter if you and your friends have a steam, digital or disc copy of the game, as the system will run with our servers. @Mortaro and all the others: Just because the Kickstarter campaign is going to end it doesn't mean you won't be able to share you thought with each other and us anymore. Feel free to come to our forum ;) Hope to read some post of you guys there: <url>"Houses Forces"? No. They use some of the other units (which they conquered). But they got like 7 (I don't the exact number at the moment) special "resident's units". So they play pretty differently. I saw that there are something like "Gunner turret" can we create it? Can we place it somewhere on the map during battle? Are they also anti-air defense? Can we create bunkers? No. All buildings (including gun towers) are already on the map. But many buildings can be captured (and of course can be destroyed). @Marcin (Updates for the disc-version): There will be a launcher with integrated update-feature for the disc version and our download version. @Count & Moonsong: We're still thinking about the add-on rewards. It's a little bit complicated (we don't want to weaken the higher reward tiers). @Josh: Thank you very much! @Rainer: It's pretty steady at ~5% of the Kickstarter sum (close to 11k). ...aaaand the next update is online. Feature the first SNOW & ICE SCREENSHOTS! <url>"things-the-community-likes" list. Last but not least to ease your minds about the PayPal balance, it is around 11k. Have a great weekend everyone, thanks for your support and please keep on promoting our campaign. @DathKnight: I know what you mean :-D @Psychor: There will be a new gameplay video next week! Hey DeathKnight! Really looking forward to play Divinity: Original Sins! Finally some infos regarding the card game! (Update #10: <url>#9: Greenlit! Generated maps! Programers! <url>#8: <url>’re going to offer that. We just have to figure out a way how to keep track on everything. Does anybody know how other campaigns do that? (Do you just pledge more and after the campaign ends you get asked what you want to have for your extra-bugs?) @Stefan/Mortaro (Add-on): If we don’t reach the third stretch-goal we’ll sure try to make the add-on anyway. But for that we need money. So we have to wait until we know how well the game is selling. @Bloodraven & Thomas (Kicktraq): I didn’t know they take comments into their consideration. That’s good to know (and the reason why I’m going to answer questions in separate posts from now on)! @Casey (Steam keys): Provided we’ll get on Steam, every backer can choose for every copy he bought if he wants to download the game from us or Steam (or GoG or any other platform that provides keys). The special color will be available in all versions. @Eryn: (Basic vs. Major Edition): In the major edition you’ll get everything that’s in the Basic edition, plus the soundtrack, an extended manual (PDF) and a weapon’s manual (PDF). New update by the way! @Marcin: - Yes, there will be Hot-Seat. - You can play in any configuration you want. 2vs2, 1vs1vs1vs1, 2vs1,vs1 and so on and every player could be either human or AI. @Marcin: Next week. I think something like 10 days is a good time frame for everybody cast their votes. @Matthias: We don't know exactly yet but most likely there will be an opportunity to just "copy & paste" maps in a certain folder to play them in the game. So you could change maps via mail or anything like that. @meganothing: We'll think about that! @Herbert: I get you point. But it’s very hard to split the next stretch-goal because technically the iOS and the Android version are very similar. @gweret: The user-generated content will be hosted on our server. So you can download it directly into the game. There is no DRM or Steam requirement whatsoever. Map editor: We develop the game on Windows and use C# to write the editor (it’s just the most efficient way for us). We don’t plan to release the editor for Mac or Linux. But if there are ways to run the Windows editor on Linux or Mac, we’ll happy to support that. Linux 64: We develop the game with Unity 3D. So we can offer anything Unity offers (but I don’t know if the Unity Linux player supports Linux 64 or not). @Nigel: Yes, we're talking to GoG right now. We'll try to bring the game to all major platforms. New update! Among several new maps and other features the first Stretch Goal also contains two additional languages (besides English and German) for the game. Which languages this will be is determined by you, the community. Head over to <url>"mobile version" of Battle Worlds, it's not that big of a deal to release it for other tablets as long as Unity supports them. We’ve reached the first stretch-goal tonight (CET)! Wo-hoo! The next one ($250k) is the one, we really like to reach. We think BW:K on tablets would be awesome and could help us finance the add-on if we’re not reaching the third stretch-goal. Let’s do this! @Count: It's currently not possible to pledge more than once or to add bonus content to a pledge level. But we try to figure something out. @Tobi/Christian: There had been a Joystiq.com and a Gametrailers.com news yesterday evening (CET). @Klaus: If we don't hit the last stretch-goal there might be still an add-on depending on the success of the game. But right now we're focusing on reaching the stretch-goals. We're still not half way through the campaign, so we still got hope! @Joachim: You're right, Joachim! The KING ART COMPLETE ALPHA PACK (DIGITAL) gets everything from the DIGITAL ALPHA VERSION. I'll fix the graphic. @Steven: All Alpha-version will be closed Alphas. The idea is as follows: - There will be a couple of (closed) Alpha versions exclusivly for Alpha backers. - Then there will be a couple of closed Beta versions exclusivly for all Alpha and Beta backers. - At last there will be a public Beta for everybody (backer or not). @Alexspeed: Yes, there will. Most likely there will be a backer's forum after the campaign and you'll get all info, downloads and so on there. We're thinking about a "launcher" (similar to the "Blizzard launcher") as well. That way it would be really easy to get new Alpha/Beta versions of the game (including change-logs and so on). @Stuart: Yes, wallpapers are on our list. Hopefully we can provide something like that in the next weeks (maybe something like a "fan package" with wallpapers, avatars and stuff). First Steam Greenlight numbers: So far, about 10.000 people voted. Around 80% upvoted BW:K which is a great number (it will decrease because in the first two days many of you voted). But still the numbers are very, very good. Unfortunately they haven't got a huge impact on the Kickstarter campaign. I don't know why. We expected some of the Greelight voters would pledge for the game here. But let's focus on the positive: The numbers are really good and if they stay similar, Steam has no choice but to greenlight BW:K! @John: No, I don't think so. My guess is we're going to make a couple of possible designs and let the community decide. But that migh take a couple of months. @Thomas: Steam asks in which languages the game will be available. Of course we don't know that yet. But we didn't want to write "only English and German" because it WILL be out in at least 4, most likely 6 languages. So we choose the 5 “usual suspects”. There will be a voting and if the community chooses different languages we’ll change the info on Greenlight. @Casey: Sure! We'll try to get the game on as many platforms as possible. Steam, GoG and the AppStore will be the most important for us. But we like to support Desura and others as well! Our next update is up! Let us know what you think! You want to see Battle Worlds: Kronos on Steam? So do we. So we started a Greenlight campaign for Battle Worlds. Please give us your vote and help us! <url>’s see how that goes! @Mirage_GSM (History Line/Battle Isle Maps): We could ask Ubisoft if they allow us to re-build the old maps. But I highly doubt that. And yes… technically players could recreate these maps… @Janju (Special units for leaders): No, that’s not planed. It’s a question of cost/benefit. It’s pretty expensive to make unit-graphics and animations. So we try to concentrate our effort on units that will be everywhere in the game, not only in certain missions. @gweret (editor): We develop the game on Windows and use our own editor written in C#. It might be possible to run the program on other operation systems. Maybe there are some Linux experts in the community who’ll give it a try. @bloodraven: There won’t be any base-building. But you can conquer buildings and produce units in factories. In the campaign everything is more or less setup but in many missions you can choose which (already upgraded) units from previous missions you want to take with you. In multiplayer missions you often can choose a side. Oh, and 1000+ comments AND 4000+ backers! @janju: Sorry, didn't see your other comment. Yes, we've played Advance Wars and Starcraft a lot. Warsong I am not sure about. I personally haven't played it. But it looks a little bit like Fire Emblem, doesn't it? That one of my favorite mobile games of all time. Yes, your opponents will have personality. Each of the four factions is represented by a leader that will send you messages and comment on your progress within missions. @Tobi/Razza/Jason: There will be (human) infantry and there will be a sniper unit! Update #4 is online! @Curu: Most likely not. But some of our programmers are metal-heads. So maybe there will be a secret short-cut or something ;-) @Knightshark: >>1. If we make the $250k goal, will the mobile versions be added to some of the tiers? To all of them! (Well, except the $5 tier). Everybody who backed the project with $20 or more will get the mobile versions for free! >>2. Will CGI sequences as in the new trailer be used in game to tell the story (special event)? There will be a CGI intro and an outro (actually, the trailer shows scenes from the intro). Between missions there will be real-time cinematics (the black general is one of the real-time characters that’ll be in these cinematics). >>3. Can you give us more info on the campaign mission Yes, I can. And I’ll do, but not now. ;-) We’ll do a whole update about the campaigns and factions. @Ben: We don't know the final minimum specs yet. But the game will feature various quality setting. I would say if you use a normal PC or Mac that has been build in the last 5 or 6 years you will be fine. Older hardware might still work but only on low settings and with less frames-per-second. @Indira: Lol! :-D We planned to release the update today. But we had some technical issues. Marco does the voice-overs right now and I'll cut the video tomorrow. So we're basically working day-and-night AND on holidays on the update! ;-) The good news: It will feature new in-game scenes. Our friends at Larian Studios started their Kickstarter for Divinity: Original Sin. These guys know what they are doing & the combat system is turn-based! So you definitely should check out the game! <url>… @Count (LAN): Sorry, there won’t be a LAN mode (Internet only). @Count (Replay): Yep. @S.D. (Raven for Linux): Yep. Thanks for spreading the word! @Carsten: Let’s talk English in the comments please (so everybody can read all the questions and answers). Like Sebastian said: Some like stretch-goal #3, some like stretch-goal #2. I, personally, like the idea of playing BW:K on tablets A LOT ;-) Next game a fantasy game? We’ll see ;-) @meganothing: We thought about height levels playing a role in the game. But ultimately we decided against it. The main reason is that one hex-field makes a huge difference in the game. Most units can only attack adjacent fields for example. A rule like “if you are on higher ground, your attack range increases by 1” would more or less break the game. @Mibuokami: Oh, yes. We tried to get them on board the whole time but it is HARD. At least the covered the game now. There are other we still need to persuade. >>Nobody responding today. Probably intoxicated. ;) No, no... I'm here... I'm... what? @Jason: You'll get a digital version as soon as they are available (the box-version will come a couple of days later because of international shipment). Some information about Kickstarter and the success rates of the projects can be found on the home page below the footer under Stats. <url>~50MB) - We plan to offer maps for up to 4 players. You can play these maps in any configuration you like (2vs2, 1vs1vs1vs1, 3vs1 and so on). And every player can be human or an AI player. You don't share units with your alliance but you can form an alliance with everybody you want. @count: No. We meant "Mission command edition" or above. We're still trying to spread the word even more. Community member Alexander suggested to release press material to the public so blogs, vlogs, podcasts and so on can pick it up easily. We think that's a great idea. So here you go: <url>"Alpha access" in any way, shape or form with a reward, it's for ALL alpha-version. @Indira (Stretch-Goals): We thought pretty hard about that. If nothing crazy happens we should reach the first stretch-goal easily. The second goal is harder but it is absolutely within our reach. The third goal is indeed very hard to achieve and we need some kind of boost (for example features on major gaming sites or anything like that). So that one is beyond our reach without a little bit of luck. We defined the scope of the stretch-goals with that idea in our head. One should be "easy to get as a 'thank you' for everybody in the community". The second one should be hard to get but within our own reach, it's the price at the end of the road. @LC (funds): Thanks. And keep in mind: The first 120k are only 1/3 of the production budget. But for the stretch-goals Kickstarter has to pay for 100% of the costs. @Alexander: Yes. It was an idea that came up in the forums. We knew it would be A LOT of work but than again... it was too good to ignore it. Let's hope for a miracle. It's one Twitter news by Notch or George Takei or - god forbit - Justin Bieber and we got our 360k! @Tobi: I know waht you mean. We think we might have a shoot to get to the second stretch-goal. But I doubt we will be able to reach the third as long as nothing unexpected happens (major coverage in a major publication or anything like that). Update is on its way (it should be up in two hours). @Tobi: (>>oooh, talking about stretchgoals already? at 76k out of 120? normally kickstarters wind down after the first three days...): Yes, we know there will be a sharp drop eventually. But we think it's important to give everybody a new goal as soon as it's pretty clear we will reach the initial goal. Something to look forward to. @1000/1000 map: And it would be a great screenshot for our office wall ;-) @Steffen T (card game units): It’s a nice idea but it might be an unfair advantage. Maybe we could do something like extra color or anything that’s not hurting the balancing. @Elfwyn (map size): We don’t know yet. There will be a limit depending on your hardware. A map with 1000x1000 hex-fields for example would mean 1.000.000 fields, maybe 50.000 units and somewhat like 750.000 map objects. That’s a lot. If you want to move each unit on such a map and you need 3 seconds each, one turn would take like 40 hours. ;-) Working like crazy on the next update: "Stretch-Goals & New reward tiers"! Maybe a BouT Critter special unit? Special ability: stores everything in its belly. Thanks for all the feedback on the stretch goals and on the reward tiers as well. It might be tricky to include our previous games, as there are of course licensees for differerent countries, but we're looking for a way. On a sidenote: 1,800 backers. Just wow. Hi Everybody! We're almost ready to announce new reward tiers and pledge goals. We want to make sure we've got everything you might want covered. What are you missing in the current pledge tiers? what would be your favorite stretch goal? 60k / 50% !!! We're working hard on the stretch goals! We should be able to announce them within the next 24 hours! We're also working on enabling Paypal AND our cinematic trailer might be ready tomorrow! @Frank: Ja, einfach 10 Dollar mehr eintragen als der Preis des Rewards. --- Frank asked about the shipment fees. Just add the shipment costs to your pledge (for example: $40 reward + $10 shipment = $50 pledge). O-oh: <url>#more-146713 Keep your heads down, everybody! A storm is coming! :-D 1.500 backers! What a morning! @Elfwyn: - Will there be fog of war? (hidden terrain and explored-re-hidden terrain) >> Yes. There is a 2-level FoW. There is an option to disable FoW in multiplayer matches. - What about altitudes - ground units (tank), low altitude units (heli) and high altitude units (bomber)? >>No. Only ONE unit per field. That’s not “realistic”, I know. But it’s much clearer this way and easier to control. But there are units who can operate on different levels, for example the submarine. A dived submarine is far harder to spot but is not as fast as usual. - How about having multiple altitude units stack on one Hexfield? >>See above. - What about combining units? For example combining an armor unit with an infantry unit would give bonus against infantry attacks, but slower movement. >>Not planed. You could put infantry units into a truck to move them faster from A to B. But as soon as the infantry is in the truck, it is “off the map” until you take them out of the transporter. Good morning everyone! Wow, I wake up and we're almost at the halfway point, after just 2 days. Mindboggling. To see Brian Fargo AND Obsidian back us and do shout-outs is beyond exciting! We're working hard on new pledge tiers and stretch goals, and lots of stuff for you to sink your teeth in. Stay tuned! @Brian Fargo @ Obsidian Thank you VERY MUCH for your Twitter shout-outs! Really appreciated! But now… back to work! Everybody at KING Art Games is waiting for Wasteland 2, Torment & Project Eternity ;-) And thank you very much for reaching out to them Nameless Knightshark! Brilliant idea! @Chris: We'll take a look at the rewards within the nex few days. Maybe then there will be something like that and you could upgrade your pledge. Cinemactic battles: Our programers will hate me for that... but I was thinking about the opportunity to show the battles in close-up in the unit-info window. When you watch the video or look at the screenshots there is a 3d model of the selected unit on the right side of the screen. Maybe it's possible to show the fight there in close-up while you see the fight from far away in the main-view? Some were asking about the card game. We'll present some basic info soon, and a bit down the road we'll do a proper update just about the card game itself. :) We have a hunch that you will like it! $ 45,000 .... - Every new milestone is still mind-boggling to us! Thanks to everyone! There will be more international press real soon. Also, as there are more and more backers arriving via reddit: welcome redditors and thanks so much to you as well for backing the project! Please help us spread the word! :) In case anybody wants to see the trailer in better quality: <url>’s no problem to show them in a close up. @LC: Thanks for the links!! By the way, did you guys visitor our forum? It's a good place for lengthy discussions when you feel you need a more comfortable text editor. Also, we have English AND German subforums for the kickstarter there =) <url>’t be an opportunity to make total conversions or things like that (that’s really hard to do with the Unity-Engine we’re using). OooE: This was the last post for today. We'll be back in a couple of hours for day 2 :-) Indira (Update): Yes. Probably tomorrow. Now we know the first numbers we can plan our updates properly! Crosmando (AI): Yes, absolutely. Nowadays it’s not about making the AI clever enough, its more about making it fun to play against. He have that in mind! @Michael: Nein, aber vielleicht kannst du mal zum Vor-Ort-Test vorbeikommen? @Thilo: Viel Dank. Hat schon geholfen! @Christian: wg. Major Edition. Kann ich noch nicht sagen. Es wird später hoffentlich auch eine Special-Edition im Handel geben. Aber was da drin sein wird, wissen wir noch nicht. @S.D.: Thanks for the suggestion. It's one for our "to be considered" list. I like it! @Ian & Indira: I see. We'll think about additional tiers & additional digital copies within the next days. Right now our priority is to get as many news sites as possible to report on the campaign. But I like the idea, so we'll discuss it! @Indira: ("I mentioned the game over at the Obsidian forums in Random Game News. At least that's something."): Thanks! Keep spreading the word! @Ian (Will there be an option for adding additional digital copies to pledges?): Backers of any box-version of the game get the opportunity to download a digital version prior to the release of the box version. So you don't have to wait until your box arrives. @Knightshark (Alpha version): We're going to release the first alpha version only a couple of weeks after the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Our plan is to enable "hot-seat" matches. So there won't be any AI or network features yet but you sure could start testing your skills (and give us feedback). After that we're planing to release a new alpha/beta version every 6-8 weeks. @Lars: Well, it's not a clone. It's a grandchild ;-) And yes, there will be a recording option! Johannes: Raven: No, different in-house team ;-) Salvo: We'll ship the editor together with the game. So there will be a lot of maps, I suppose. Randomly generated maps are not yet planed. @Dermott: 10%! Yes! But 90% to go... and we got three cool stretch goals in the back of our mind... ;-) @Knightshark: I order to use Kickstarter we founded a subsidiary in Boston. Thanks. I'm sick with anticipation. And flu. But mostly anticipation :-)