@MYHC We're sorry to hear that! Please try out the suggestions mentioned on our Wi-Fi troubleshooting page: <url>€40 of your import fees, but customs are very very slow to take this on. On the other hand, if you import products from the USA (which our Kickstarter page clearly shows), you have to pay importing fees and taxes. We're sorry to hear that you are not happy with your Beam, but hopefully you can make someone else happy by selling it. @Matthias and @Gayle, we're sorry to hear that! We'll definitely try to help you, but can you write down the problem in an e-mail to <email>? Then the right people will be able to answer your questions. @leDamien If you take a look at the Beam + Fixture bundle in the shop, you can see the different angles the Fixture can be in. See <url>’m sorry that you experience connectivity issues while using Beam. We’ve just sent you an e-mail with some helpful information! Please reply to the e-mail for future communication. @Vijay Singh Wow, that’s a very cool use of Beam. Would love to see some of your drawing results on our Twitter or Facebook page! @Rob Stevens Thank you! Unfortunately, some applications on Android are known for having a sound delay when using Bluetooth audio devices. It might be helpful to clear the cache and restart any application you’re using. @Alberto Arango We’re proud to hear that you find Beam V1 a worthwhile prototype! Just so you know, we are currently working on a firmware update to make the mouse more sensitive. Due to the fact that this is a firmware update, it might take a while for the update to be released (approximately 2 months). @Jianing Wu Happy to hear Beam works well and that you’re finally enjoying it in style! The sleep timer apps currently available on the Google Play Store seem to focus more on muting audio from applications. A sleep timer to turn Beam in standby-mode is currently not available. It is a very interesting feature to implement, so we have already put it on our ‘nice to have feature’-list! @Dan Cox We're sorry to hear that. We've contacted you personally. If you face any issue while using Beam, please respond to us and we will help you out! @Thorsten Schneider: We’ve designed Beam in a specific way that if you use Beam hanging inside a lamp facing down, the projection will appear right beneath Beam. If you use a standard projector and face it upside down, the screen will not appear directly underneath the projector, but it will project on the table and the floor. This was not a desirable result for how we wanted Beam to be. We feel that Beam has a lot more potential and gives a more enjoyable experience if the projection is displayed directly under Beam. @Benjamin Frank: Hi Benjamin, you can scroll down on YouTube by using the Beam Remote-app. Go to the touchpad and press anywhere on the Beam screen by holding down the white square/circle symbol. Next, swipe upwards on the touchpad with another finger and you will be able to scroll down. If you’re on the webinterface, you can use your mouse to scroll downwards. @Stefan: Hi Stefan. Sorry for the delay in our answer, your mail appears to be a little lost in our inbox. You can mirror the screen for your purpose by going to ‘Settings’ (located in the bottom part of your screen on the Beam Remote app / webinterface). Next, go to display. In Display Mode, select ‘Mirror’. I hope your Beam provides to be of use to you now! @Ellen Huang Minyi @Me: Hi Guys. About the internet stability issues: please contact us on <email>. Can you provide us with some more information? Like: Do you receive an error? Do you lose connection with your Beam on the Beam Remote app/webinterface at the same time? We can help you fix your problems! @emily: Hi Emily, you can download Netflix in the Play Store on Beam. @T. Lin: Hi, sorry to hear about the Bluetooth-problem. Have you made sure to put the devices into ‘pairing’ mode? If the problem still exists, you can send us an e-mail to <email> with more information about the problem and we will help you fix this! @Geoffrey McCaleb: Hi Geoffrey, Beam’s Wi-Fi password is: controlbeam @Larry McClenon: Hi Larry, this seems to be a bandwidth-problem. If your movies have a large resolution it might be too much for Beam to handle over the network. @Patrick: Hi Patrick. About the webinterface: can you provide us with some more information and send us an e-mail at <email>? We hope we can help you fix this! Concerning the ssh access: It is possible to get ssh acces on Beam. In the Beam Playstore, install the app called ‘SSH Server’ and login! Hi all! Hope you are having a terrific time with your Beam. If you have questions or having trouble with something, don't hesitate sending us an e-mail to <email>. I will try to answer the recent questions you've posted here on our Kickstarter-page. Hi All! Just wanted to let you know that we are working very hard to fix the issues that you encounter! So keep on posting and sending us messages on <email> . We just also made a huge update on our FAQ - <url>"Beam app". With this App you can control Beam and send content to it through airplay. @Kristoffer Thank you for your question. Beam works pretty much the same as any other Android device. So you can stream anything from Beam to your speakers that you currently can stream from your Android device to your speakers. Because of the endless amount of apps that are available and the large amount of different speakers we cannot tell you what will and what will not work in your situation. For example, if you have a Sonos speaker, you can stream music from Beam with the Sonos app. @vivian, Could you send us a email to <email> with some more details? @Pablo, Yes you can install kodi on Beam! @Si Mickle, Sorry to hear that! Could you send us a private message with the following information: Shipping addres Size Men or Women hoodie We will take care of the rest! All the best, Beam-team @Stefan, Brilliant idea! We are going to implement this in Beam. Thanks for the suggestion. @Gary, Beam is dual voltage and we will ship a cable to you with the plug that is used in your country. @Victoria, thanks for backing! 2 weeks after the Kickstarter campaign ends we will send all the backers who live in a Bayonet using country a survey to ask them about the Bayonet adapter! We will not forget :)! @Frank, Thanks for backing us! We will include a powercable with every Beam. So you can plug it in a regular outlet and place it on any flat surface. Beam will not have a battery pack. @Stefan Beam has the ability to mirror its projection so you can use it for rear projection as well. @Thorsten You can easily send a Linux or Windows desktop to Beam if you install a VNC viewer or TeamViewer application on it. @MegaBueno Thanks for sharing your thoughts about this! We have taken a lot of time in the past to plan the production of Beam and we will try our best to prevent delays while ensuring a great quality device. @Andy Thanks for sharing the idea, which of course we like! But at this point we are not planning to add a camera. @wilfred You can install the Sonos Android app on Beam to play your music like you normally would do from your phone. If you'd like to have all of Beams audio over your Sonos speakers you're going to have to add a Bluetooth receiver, as mentioned in this article: <url>’t have put it on KS in the first place! We’ve been using and testing Beam at home ourselves and enjoy using it. We will never market a product we don’t believe in ourselves! Check out the images we’ve made yesterday in our update we just posted. As to the higher specs. At this point we’ve discovered that we can’t promise them. The current specs are what we will guarantee. We will keep exploring, but trust us: the current setup will deliver a great experience. Beam will be an integrated part of your home and live. And for those who don’t believe in Beam as we presented it: we are sorry to lose your support. But trust us on this: we love Beam and we will make it awesome! Hi Matthew, Beam can project up to 120-inch widescreen. Take a look here to see the quality of Beam in action: <url>"let's talk hardware". @demski Thanks for sharing! @John Anderson Yes, Beam will be open for developers. Anyone can make an Android app specifically for Beam and you can also make apps that control or trigger Beam for any other software platform. If you want to know more contact <email> @CL Siu The specifications we have on the Kickstarter page are what we believe to be great for what Beam will do for you. We have selected the components inside Beam to deliver the optimal performance for size, heat production, noise, resolution and light. Sometimes our ongoing negotiations with suppliers and our manufacturing partners might give us the possibility to improve certain specs along the way. For every possible improvement we have to make sure it doesn't have a negative influence on the delicate balance between all the aspects of Beam. Therefore we need to thoroughly test them first and this takes time. Additionally it must fit the current project budget because they require extra engineering steps and higher production costs. The Beam we set out to produce for everyone is engineered to be a great product, if we can improve it along the way we certainly will. @Akil Simon You can connect Bluetooth speakers to Beam while you start Netflix from your phone. You can even connect Bluetooth speakers, a Bluetooth mouse and a Bluetooth keyboard at the same time to Beam while you use the app to control it! @MegaBueno Thanks for your support! @Peter van der Sluijs at the moment Beam does not have an HDMI input. But we will definetly consider it as an option if we have the ability to add it. @Bmichael we are working hard to make Beam as awesome as possible. We appreciate all of your feedback and the requests that we get from our backers! Hi Junhwa, As soon as we know more we'll let you know in an update. The Beam team Hi Milton, Yes you can connect your Bluetooth headphones to beam! Hi CL Siu, With the beam app (both iOS and Android app have the same functionalities) you can do a whole range of things, for example: - Start Apps - Set IF this THEN that rules - Control Beam - Stream content - Adjust volume - Adjust brightness And if you are using youtube on a iPhone you can select AirPlay and choose Beam as the destination. Beam will instantly start projecting it. HI Junhwa, Beam has a custom version based on Android 4.2.2 Hey all, First of all we want to thank all of you for your feedback. Please believe me when I say that behind the screens we are doing our utmost best to deliver a top notch product in October. This is our very first Kickstarter and we are really happy with all the support, great suggestions and critical feedback. At the same time: we are a small team working hard and trying to answer all messages that we get. Our mailbox is flooding, but we are trying to keep up while developing the product. Sorry if we give the feeling that we aren’t committed to answering your comments. We’ll try to give this extra attention. From the start we’ve been very open regarding the specs of Beam that we can 100% promise. In our presentation we’ve shown a realistic image of the 100 ANSI lumen projector quality that it can achieve at this point. In our tests it has always worked well and satisfactory, otherwise we would not promote it on Kickstarter. A lot of people compare Beam to just any projector when it comes to specs and pricing, but please remember that it is much more (which is probably the reason you backed us in the first place). It is a smart projector with integrated Beam apps, it can download and play any Android app and has If/Then capabilities (and can be used on any location because of it’s light fitting). We want to deliver a total Beam experience, not just a hardware feature package. The combination of tech we use can’t price wise be compared to just any projector. In creating a hardware/software product like Beam we have to buy specific hardware combinations from different suppliers that we need to combine into one end product that works perfectly. For Beam it isn’t as simple as finding the best possible projector and replacing it, I wish that were true. Trust me when I say that we are looking very hard and seriously into the hardware possibilities. We are calling suppliers and are trying to improve specs while keeping the price the same. We are ordering test units to see the real quality (many hardware producers are more positive than they should be about the specs of their products) and are pushing to bring you a top notch end product. Thanks for your trust in Beam and we promise you an awesome experience. Keep you posted! the Beam team Hi Michael, Demski and Colin, We take all feedback seriously and you can be assured that we are trying our outmost best to increase every specification within Beam before production and especially the projection quality. But for now the specifications are what we communicated from the start. If you follow this link: <url>"If This Then That" competition! On the Beam story page we added some photos we took this weekend to show the projection quality in different light situations. Hi Christian and Kurt, We added a FAQ with answers for your questions. CL Siu, You are more than welcome! Hi Richard, Great news: E27 to Bayonet adapter — We will include a free adapter for our UK and Australian Beam backers, so they can use it in their existing Bayonet light sockets. Hi Shishir/Andy/Matthias, The image quality of Beam isn't effected by the LED's installed. You can only use one feature at a time. You can switch between projecting and using the LED light function by pressing the button on Beam. We are filming new footage as we speak and will upload it tomorrow to remove any doubt. Hi Legnano, You have to adjust the image size by moving beam, there is a focus wheel on Beam wich is easy to operate. Hi Richard, At this moment we don't have plans to add a Bayonet version. This is something we might do in the future. It does work on 240V 50HZ Hi Legnano, At this moment I cannot give you an answer that will satisfy you. But when we come closer to production and find a way to upgrade we will do this for all backes. Hi Junhwa, We are looking into this matter. If we are able to implement IFTTT we will let you know through our updates and will place a comment here. Hi Abdul, We will not equip beam with a battery. Hi Frans/JB. Beam Labs is an American Incorperation. It is true that some of the team members are Dutch. But the production and shipment will all be fullfilled from Los Angeles. Hi Jchen, Beam has a flatness on one side so it is really steady when you place it on your table. So you don't need a stand, we already implemented this in the design. Hi JB, We are going to ship with USPS we used their qoutes for the international shipment. If you have an idea to lower the costs we would love to hear! This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.