Sorry to hear that, Vlad. Thanks for letting us know. Can you please email <email> with your backer number / backer email so we can get your rewards sent right out? Hi there! Please send an email to <email> and we'll get you sorted! Hey Deserie - please email us at <email> and we'll help you out. Sorry to hear your game was lost! @Sammy, Katya, Jeremy, and Prav - Sorry to hear about this! Please reach out directly to our support team at <email> and they'll help you out. @Tomas - Hey there! You should definitely have the game by now. Could you please email us at <email> so we can further look into this? @Alvin - Sorry to hear that! Please email us at <email> and we'll help track down your game. @Buzatu-Teodorescu Ada - Hi Buzatu-Teodorescu, so sorry to hear that! We'll have our support team reach out to you within the next hour. @Mark Dowman Hi Mark - so sorry to hear what you've been through! We can definitely help out here. Please email us at <email> so we can get all of your information. @Kenny Hey Kenny! So sorry to hear that. We'll look into this and get back to you today. @smuu unfortunately the games that shipped from the UK distribution center had an issue with importing the new BvB comic so they defaulted back to the EK one. It was one of those things were we didn't want to hold up shipping any longer to fix it, so we prioritized speed! @macstanislaus Baby Infantries were clearly the better name. They were the name that made it all the way through to our final round of playtesting. But then we started getting feedback that it was confusing to have both ARMIES and INFANTRIES in the same game, so we changed it for the final production run. Plus, we hate babies and don't want them to have nice things. @S.Yobas In that case, it's a bounce! All monsters and babies stay on the board, and the provoke action was wasted. For more answers check out the FAQ that came in the box. Hope you're having fun! @Mark. Yup! accessories are considered part of a monster and are dealt with in all the same ways. (discarding, dumpster diving, etc.) @Colin if you get a wild provoke in your initial hand, shuffle it back into the draw pile and grab a new card. (check out the FAQ in the box for more details.) Glad you're enjoying the game! @Eunice Keep in mind you're fighting against all the other player's monsters (of the same type) as well. Powerful monsters = crushing your opponents! @BrianCampbell Wild Provoke means you must play it immediately as an action on your turn. If you swap and get a mask, you are allowed to look at the head your received. For answers to these questions and more, see the FAQ that came in the box. Enjoy! @Mitchell Yup, you got it right. Cards are played as individual moves on your turn, so you can play them at the most strategic time possible. @Thom, yes putting the rainbow stripes on the sides of the Bear Head cards is by design. We know it makes it easier to see the cards, but it also makes it easier to find the Bear Heads when you're setting up the game and each player must start with one. In playtesting, we found that the faster start time outweighed the slight advantage of being able to determine where an additional bear head was in the draw pile. Hope this helps clarify! @RobinBergenstråhle - email <email> and they can triple check your order! @Marc - check out the FAQ...under the provoke section - "If you are dealt a Provoke Card as part of your starting hand, shuffle it back into any Draw Pile and draw another card." @Patrick, agreed. We're working on one as I type! (will probably send it out sometime next week) @Gavin, that's horrible! please write to <email> and we'll get you a new deck immediately! @Stephen, I was skeptical as well. I have the shipping receipts for more than 1000 packages that left the plant today. So unless I scared them enough that they'd engage in large scale forgery, I think we're good. I'll have another update tomorrow, and I'll just keep cracking the whip every day until all orders are delivered! UK/EU UPDATE - yelling successful. Shipping in the UK and Europe has officially started. Expect your notifications soon, and a box in the mail. The plant knows this delay is completely unacceptable and will be working non-stop. Really appreciate your understanding. For a series of complicated/frustrating reasons, EVERYTHING in our UK/EU distribution plant is taking longer than they promised. I’ve spent the day in a series of yelling/threatening conversations to correct this. One way or another I’ll have a full update for everyone on Monday. I’m really sorry this sucks so bad, and really appreciate your patience. So thrilled to hear that you're all having so much fun with the box and the game. Thanks for the amazing words of encouragement! UK/EU update: All crates have arrived at our UK distribution center and will start shipping out to all of Europe tomorrow. Check your inboxes for your shipping confirmation! @Stephen, we've just heard that there is some sort of hold up in the UK distribution plant. Getting on the phone with them ASAP to get you an update. Really sorry for the delay, but I promise I'll get it sorted! @Megan, check out the first question in the FAQ that came with the game. Should get you all sorted! @Sabrina sounds like a glitch! Write us at <email> and we'll fix it immediately! @Mercurius, Excellent observation. The game was originally designed as a three person game, and then we filled in the cracks from there to make it work with 2, 4, and 5 players. It's always a challenge to balance a non-digital game with a variable number of players, because very few things can be adjusted without making things crazy complicated...but we did our best :) @Warren, so sorry about that! Not sure what went wrong, but we'll get it fixed immediately. Can you write to <email> and we'll get all your info? Again, really sorry about the glitch! @thomas NOPE. You can only build your own monsters. @Reyom Absolutely. For now, we're still pushing boxes out the door every single day so don't worry just yet! @Dislex thanks so much!! @D Ok, good to hear. Guess you just got a bonus card. If you draw something amazing on it, be sure to show us :) @D. Seems like something went wrong there! Please write us at <email> so we can figure out what went wrong and make sure you get a complete game! @christopher It's always nerve wracking to work so hard on a new creation and then put it out in the world to see how it does on its own. Your words really keep me going....THANK YOU!! @Mercurius FWIW, we inserted the rainbow lines to make it simple to locate the bear heads in the deck and start playing. (because each player needs one to start) Turning all heads upside down beneath a mask solves the problem you're describing. Hope this helps! @Derek, I understand your frustration, but I want to be clear that it's not the case that international orders have to wait until after the US ships. With this many backers, we have to use multiple freight ships to bring the cards into the various ports for local distribution. The ships coming into the US simply arrived first. All ships have now arrived though and all international orders and the remaining US orders are all being distributed simultaneously. Hope this helps clarify! @John UK delivery starts this week! @Abu I suddenly feel icky.... Thanks @David. We really are working around the clock to get all the orders out. We also reply to absolutely every mail sent to <email>. If you didn't get a quick reply, please check your junk mail folder. Thank you everyone! @thanks Jonathan. Ok, I'm on it... Thank you @Paul! We're working around the clock and praise like that helps the whole team get through it! @Jonathan, really really sorry you feel that way. I personally sincerely apologize. It was never our intention to mislead you...just to try to keep shipping out the boxes as quickly as the realities of this project allowed and to celebrate the start of that process. I completely understand why you feel the way you do, and am so sorry we disappointed you. I hope that when you receive the game you see how much love went into it, and it makes up for (in a small way) the frustration you feel. Again, really sorry. @Del. In that particular case of a tie, it's a bounce. All monsters and babies stay on the board. @Brian, I hear you. We should have been doing a better job at keeping up with the Kickstarter comments. We'll be in here every day for the next little while to make sure we do a better job. (as I'm sure you can imagine, getting this package out the door has been quite an ordeal...not an excuse, just letting you know that we haven't been vacationing :) Keep the comments coming and we'll try to get to all of them. If we miss your comment because of the lack of threading here, just write us an email at <email> MUCH THANKS!! Sorry for the prolonged silence everyone. We hope today's updates makes up for it. Someday I'll tell you all the story about how when you try to ship a box covered in fur, you have to arrange private meetings with the shipping companies to alleviate their "shedding concerns". Hey guys! We are working on an update for you now, and we'll hopefully have it up by the end of next week. If you have any questions about your orders or just want to say hi, please email us at <email>! Our team would love to hear from you. @Daniel Brady. YUP! We'll let you add more games to your order and will honor the Kickstarter price during the (definitely not a) survey. Hello everyone! To be clear, we have NOT yet sent out a survey. We're actually trying our hardest to avoid using the word "survey" as it's really ambiguous and confusing. (none of us are even sure where it came from or why it caught on.) On April 3rd, we'll ask everyone to confirm their mailing addresses and final order details using backerkit. Thank you! AND VOTING IS OFFICIALLY CLOSED!!! (We'll tally up the votes and announce the winning bear name tonight during the livestream right here on this page from 4 to 6pm PST) Thank you guys for voting! Good morning! Really excited to talk to you guys on the livestream this afternoon, but until then I have a personal project that I could use your help to accomplish. Double Fine Adventure (<url>#3 announced! You guys are three achievements away from having EVERY BOX COVERED IN FUR! also, just for you guys some back channel info: we're currently building a live stream for the final two hours of the campaign. Matt will be drawing cards and suggestions in real time based on your comments, and I'll be answering questions about the campaign and about the game. All of this will be live streamed on this Kickstarter page. We will probably start at 4pm PST on Thursday and go for two hours until the campaign ends at 6. @'Hibernating Cub' Thanks so much for saying that! This has been such a huge amount of work, and today Kickstarter changed our time remaining from days to hours so I'm a big ball of stress. Reading messages like that make it all worth while! Good morning guys! You're so close to the mystery stretch goal...only three more achievements! (this is me wearing my pom poms) I think everything on both pages should be up to date now! @tanguy, NOPE! Gotta be in the same pic! @Justin, I'll take a look. Thanks for alerting me! Hey guys, sorry for the delay in updating the achievements. Paul, our designer who maintains the page has a horrible flu. We're pumping him full of orange juice and vitamins and will try to prop him up for long enough to update the graphics. Really sorry about this, but we appreciate your patience! Hey guys, Matt and I will be doing a live stream tomorrow morning at 11am PST <url>"print and play" rules idea. I'm really excited to get the rules and prototype decks into your hands ASAP. That's exactly the plan after the campaign when we have our final list of backers. We'll be sending early versions of the game to a few hundred playtest parties to show you what we've got, ask some questions, and get your help with the final touches. (rules for hosting parties will be posted after the campaign) I'm really proud of this game. We build and test it every night, and it continues to improve. It's fun and funny and has amazing strategy. But I still think it can be better. That's what we'll need your help with...in fact, that's the whole reason we're here instead of putting this straight onto store shelves. @jenna just saw it! Thats awesome, and congratulations! You unlocked a goal. @jenna we've seen the little sculptures, haven't seen the 7ft monster. Send us a link on facebook and we'll get it counted. Okay guys, count update: We're basing this on singular entries--so multiple photos of the same thing in a different pose do not count. We've counted 13 cat fighter jets, 1 baby tank, 2 pumpkins, 2 food shares, 12 babies as bears, 2 beard babies, and 7 Pomeranians. Ashley is sifting through the sculptures now, and its not at 25 yet, but she will have that exact number for you in the morning. Keep up the good work guys! @Tom I'll get the numbers from Ashley as soon as she's done counting. Our social media person, Ashley, is handling all of the counting. She says hi and thanks for all your hard work keeping track of everything. Heads up: You're three away from unlocking the Pomeranian achievement. Hey guys, sorry to be so silent over here. We've kept her heads down and have been busily building this campaign. I'll try to hop on here from time to time to answer any questions you have, so keep them coming, and thank you for all of your support! Hi guys! First of all....THANK YOU!!! We're all walking around in a daze at the office at the incredible number of people that showed up to support us! You guys are the bestest! We're building the next big update that will include stretch goals, achievements and the beginning of a month long party. Early next week! Stay tuned! Hey guys, we'll be announcing this officially, but we just added South Africa to the list of countries we will ship to! @Max you're so impatient! We have big plans, I promise. This is going to be a fun party, so for now just enjoy the day :) @Geist, ya no signed editions this time. We'll happily sign them at conferences or if you just come visit us, but we've had enough of those horrible weekends were we all forget how to be human and turn into signing machines. :( @Owen, there's one more twist that we didn't talk about in the video. There are three types of babies, and three types of creatures. Babies only attack their same type of creature, so you can build up one of your armies while fighting the others. @Owen so rad to see you guys back! Although will you need a new name this time? Or is Kitten Corps cross denominational? @TJ When the babies are provoked, they attack ALL creatures on the table. So you'd better make sure you've got a strong fighting army of wonderful creatures before playing that card! Hi guys! Quick note to say thank you thank you thank you for helping us bring this to life with such enthusiasm in the first few hours! There are of course WAY too many questions in here for me to respond to each one, but I'll do my best to answer the few that jump to the top. We're also planning all kinds of fun stuff in the days ahead so hold on tight!