All remaining Kickstarter and pre-orders that are on the books today will ship out with the next batch that is slated to arrive at our office in mid-April. We'll keep providing details as we get them. @Carrianne - what browser are you using? If you are using IE, can you try using Chrome or Firefox? Kickstarter is saying there are issues with IE, specifically IE8 so to try another browser. If all else fails, you'll get an email from Sylvia (the one in the orange scarf - crazy woman) to get your survey info. Thanks! @Magda - on no! We're working on it! <url># down under $25) and sending it out. Love ya!! Cheryl here - from a bad internet connection in the back seat of a car on the 5 driving from LA to SF - you all are rocking it today. Thank you!! We still need one more push. Start with just one friend and nudge them until they jump on board. We'll send out one more backer update in a couple hours with that reminder. ...it feels close because we've come so far, but we still have a ways to go... Since ~midnight last night we have gone up 218 backers. Keep spreading the word - we CAN do this together! @michelle - thank you! where are we (fingers crossed) racing? Here is a link to a picture with the GPS Go Stick next to a pack of gum as a comparison. <url>"borrows" your watch, he might want to borrow your shirt as well. So we just added 2 new backer awards that include a limited edition Bia tech shirt for men! They come in black, same awesome Bia logo on the back, no flower design on the front. About time, right? Go at it! Yes, all the current matches that apply to everyone have been applied. Guys have been scooping up Bia as fast as women. The love the quick connect GPS and safety alert! Upgrading to Hers & His and getting one new guy friend on board today will help us blow through $300K and put us on track for tomorrow. It's going to go down to the wire! @Jake - thank you. We'd love to debrief after the dust settle. To say this is going to be a nail biter is an understatement! THANK YOU for upping yours and cheering us on! We still have unclaimed matching dollars on the table! What's going on here? If you have friends that still haven't backed us yet, go to our Facebook page and tag them in the picture of their favorite sport. Let's nudge them over the line on a day their pledge counts double! www.facebook.com/BiaSport @Jenny - yes!!! Love the Tam Runners Club - nothing like a Dipsea! @Shala - great blog post! We'll make sure we list it on our Press page and Twitter! @Shala, @Cassie and @Shannon - too funny - yes, we are refresh page junkies too. @Ashely - so glad you love it! We do too and are so excited to get this out on wrists. HI @Lisa - the wrists straps have very soft (but strong!) velcro fastening. This watch stays ON! Hi @Jennifer - Sending safety alert information to your loved ones will be free. There will be an annual subscription to forward it to emergency services. Price on this has not been determined. We do not expect extra charges for any other connected services. However if for some reason this changes, all Kickstarter backers will be grandfathered in for free. We love that you are here with us first. @kathryn -You can clip the GPS Go Stick to your suit for swimming. Other options would be on the strap of your goggles or tucked under the swim cap. @Barbara - yes. there is a picture of wearing it on your right wrist about midway down on the project home page. The display flips. :-) @Nicole - awesome. This is Cheryl. I was already running Tinkerbell with my Aunt and now our new $1850 backer has roped me into running WDW Marathon with her. There are a bunch of Goofy runners here too. What are you running? We didn't put it in the update this morning but just a note to all the Run Disney peeps, we had a backer come in at the $1850 level and it looks like I (Cheryl) am on the hook to run the 20th Anniversary WDW Marathon in January...followed by the Tinkerbell half the following weekend. What else do I need to throw into the mix to Go Goofy or Coast to Coast? ...why do i think this is going to be WAY more fun than Ironman races? So excited. Holy moly you all are KILLING it for us today. 140 backers and it's not even dinner time on the west coast! Runners World, loads of blog coverage, some of the best women's teams and women-led sports brands coming on board. ....Can't what to share with you what *we've* been up to today...if you thought today was fun....ha ha.. just wait... You ask. We deliver. New backer reward added!! @mallory Love it. Can you share the links with us so we can chime in if questions come up? And we are so excited to have you on board. Cheryl is running Tink with her aunt (a first time 13.1er!) next year. @Lynda....The only difference between men's and women's in the length of the band. If you backed at the $419 level it's easy to let you choose two women's bands. We say go for it! And thank you for posting on the Disney run pages. We'd love to see enough Disney folks come on board to do a custom Run Disney watchband. @Phil We are blushing. We'll take the MacBook Air comparison any day! Thank you. But no crossed fingers allowed. Use them to text, call, or strong-arm two friends into backing us too. That's all we need everyone to do in order to hit our goal :-) @Rebecca - your comment just inspired something for tomorrow's backers update...stay tuned. @Dan - thank you! I love that you appreciate the nuance of what the two piece is going to do for antenna reception. It's going to sing! @Elizabeth & @sonja - we *so* appreciate the hustle. We saw the effects of it all today - our biggest # of new backers ever. Could it be the start of a 7-day tsunami? thank you thank you thank you. It's been a long week of hard work and you all are re-energizing us right now. It's gonna be a big Bia weekend! Thanks @Steve. We love have you on board and (especially) love your spreading the word. @Janet Thank you. Glad to have you as one of our empowerers! @Eugene - thank you! @jennifer THANK YOU. psyched to have you on board and helping us spread the word. @Kathy Thank you for hopping on board! April can't come soon enough. We'll collect information on size/color/address for shirts on July 14th after we successfully hit our funding goal. Please keep spreading the word - we need your help to make it happen. Thx. ...and everyone, thanks so much for the excitement and spreading the word. We are hustling to get a new backer alert out today/tomorrow about two "features" we haven't talked about yet. And keep the team names coming in - we'll give a shout out to everyone in that next update. -- C2K @christi No, we don't have plans for a normal time based wake up alarm. Sorry. @Janine - we LOVE your blog. Just gave it some love in our backers update. Your impatience is a VIRTUE!! Thank you! @Kristi Eventually yes, but we are not promising it when the product first ships. We'll add it as a free (software) upgrade down the road. @Vivian. We won't finalize that until we are closer to shipping, but we are targeting between $129 - $179. @Ralf. Yes we ship internationally. For all the standard rewards it's an extra $15 shipping charge. @Paul. What a great idea. We just added it. Excited to have you on board!