Hi Carson, of course! Just send the large clamp back and I'll send you a small one. You can contact us anytime at <email>. Hi everyone, it's so nice to see how many great comments there are on people who received their lights. It looks like we've had a few problems I need to address. There have been a few cases of lights getting lost in the mail. Josh (below) is based in Dubai and has already had 2 lights lost in the mail. This has only happened with international orders. I got a note from a backer just yesterday that he finally received his light after it spent 6 weeks (!) in shipping. If you suspect this is your problem, you should call your customs office, it is probably tied up there. Sadly we cannot be held accountable for lights lost in foreign customs offices. We will do all we can to provide you with tracking information but often it is not helpful. All our lights are shipped USPS Priority Mail, and we have all your tracking numbers available. Just let me know if you want one at: <email>. Hi Everyone, we're waiting for the shipping to be completed to post another update, but I can quickly address the shipping: All domestic orders have shipped except for people who ordered more than one (those are boxed and waiting for pickup tomorrow) or people who did not know their seatpost size. We're labeling and boxing international orders today and they'll ship tomorrow and thursday. I hope you like 'em! Hi Kevin, good question. There is no proximity sensor, but what we're taking advantage of is the reflected light off your hand and the sensitivity of the light sensor. If we can figure out a way to make it lock-out the light we will on the next version as that has been a request of many. This is an issue that we're taking seriously. Thanks again! Hi guys, just wanted to leave a note here apologizing for the slow updates. We are cranking at the factory here (producing 1500 bike lights ourselves has been fun, but not easy, and it requires all of our time and energy). We are focused primarily on getting this out as soon as possible, and I'm sorry if it's meant for some slow communication. The best way to reach us is at <email>. I will respond to kickstarter messages eventually but if you have to reach me this is the quickest way. For the record, the lights are turning out really really great. I cannot wait for you to see them! Hi Everyone, let me cover a few of these questions: We'll collect your seat post size after the kickstarter campaign is over with a quick survey that will also gather your address. Lumens should be around 60 but it's hard to say if we're calculating it correctly. Both LED's are rated for 7500mcd (millicandella) if that is more helpful, as candela's are a better measurement of how bright something looks to your eye. As for if the bike is on your car at night: we are working on that issue. It's possible we will include a 'lockout' switch on the inside of the light body. We'll let you know when we decide. Thanks everyone! Hi Everyone! Thanks so much for all your amazing support thus far. We're funded as of monday but we can still make plenty more of these! Keep the support coming! To answer of a few of these comment questions: The Socket cap screws on my prototype have not worn even a little bit since I've been riding around with it now for a few months, taking it on and off to show to people, etc. They're high quality cap screws and don't need to be super tightened down for a waterproof seal. If you are still worried though, I'd consider pledging for the Torx screw option which will be harder to round over. I'm happy to answer any and all questions. Messaging is a good way to get more personal answers, I'm responding to all messages as quickly as I can! Thanks again everyone. Ben