Hello backers! We've noticed that some of you haven't received your games yet or have damaged components. We are truly sorry about that. :( We kindly ask you to contact <email> and tell us what's the issue. If you already did and we didn't reply to you yet, can you please post here your ticket or backer number so we can track it down? For those of you that already posted your backer number, we're checking the status of your request right away! Thank you for your patience and support! Hello backers! First of all, we're sorry about the delay on getting back to you. We've noticed that many of you haven't received your games yet and we are truly sorry about that. :( Have you tried writing to <email> yet? If you haven't, can you please do so we can try to help you? If you already did and we didn't reply to you yet, can you please post here your ticket or backer number so we can track it down? For those of you that already posted your backer number, we're checking the status of your request right away! Thank you for your patience and support! Hello @Neil Dabson and @Claudia, how are you? Can you please contact <email> so we can try to help you? What might have happened is that both of you might have missed the deadline for completing the pledge manager. Sometimes, even one information missing is enough for this to happen. If that actually happened, then you are considered late confirms and you only get your pledges after everyone that confirmed in time got theirs. What also happens is that now your pledge ships from our USA hub, instead of the regional hub that was initially supposed to receive your package (if you had completed the pledge manager in time). That's why extra costs may be charged for shipping. Also, VAT taxes may also be charged from you if you are a late confirm. But, again, for us to check what happened, please, contact <email> and inform us your backer number. We will gladly help you to solve this! Thank you for your support and patience! Hello @Termite! Can you please post here your ticket number so we can check the status of your request? Thank you! @Michael LaCasse: Hello Michael, how are you? We're not sure what is your problem, but can you please write to <email> so we can help you with that? If you already did that, please post here the ticket number so we can try to find out what happened. Thank you! Hello everyone! For those of you that haven't received your parcels yet, can you please contact <email> so we can help you with that? Thank you! Hello everyone! For those of you that haven't received your copies yet, can you please write to <email> so we can help you with that? Thank you! Hello everyone! For those of you that are not sure if your package is on the way, please log into your pledge manager and check if you confirmed your pledge. If you confirmed on time, then please contact <email>. If you didn't confirm it yet, you can do it now, but your order will ship from the USA hub once we have received the remaining items from our factory. Thank you! @Christopher Little If you have missing parts, please contact <email> so we can help you with that. Thank you! Hi all, please note a few things: We will be filling parts requests after we have completed shipping the USA and ROW orders. ALSO: Today we will be shipping a LARGE number of pledges out. These are being taken directly from our warehouse to the sorting facilities for both USPS and FedEx by us. This means we will be uploading tracking numbers for all the pledges that are shipping, however these numbers won't be active or give you any info until the packages have been taken in by the delivery service. This usually happens immediately by the delivery pick-up drivers, but in this case it may take some time for the facility to scan the boxes in. What this means: You may get an email notifying you that you have a tracking number, but this tracking number may not display any info. This is not an error, please wait a day or two and continue to check for it to update. It should eventually update your with your delivery status. Thanks, Spencer Hello everyone! All of you having issues with missing components or incomplete orders: can you please write to <email> so we can help you? Thank you! Hey guys, We want to give Blood Rage the best opportunity to be successful. That is important. Gen Con Indy gives it the opportunity to be seen and played by hundreds of players. Somebody asked if there will be opportunities to have stuff signed by the creators. That answer is yes, but I do not currently have that schedule because it is still being figured out. :) Hey guy, It is very important to us to give Blood Rage every opportunity to get as much exposure as possible. I would like to remind you that we will only have 100 units available at the show. We are only going to be selling the core game. They will be retail versions only, and *not* contain any stretch goals. Add-ons will also *not* be available for sale Sweet! Hey guys, We are still on track for fulfillment in September. So far, so good. @Beau Salsman: Thank you! We are happy to help. Hey guys, Just wanted to check in. We're still here. Everything is still on track. When I've got actual information, well let you know. If you've got questions, let us know. @Shalafi Dave: I will reach out to you in the Blood Rage Kickstarter private messages with the information. Thank you all very much. We will continue to keep the information flowing as it becomes available. :) Hey guys, Greetings! Just wanted to report in. Any questions? Let us know. :) Hey Guys, Just wanted to check-in. We have had a few stragglers who have not yet confirmed their Pledge Manager. To be on the safe side, we would like to recommend double checking. I have provided the link to the Pledge Manager below: <url>’ve contacted several of you who have asked “How do I really know if my Pledge Manager is complete?” type questions. If you have a concern about if you pledge manager is complete, please send us a Private Message. We can check and make sure for your peace of mind. :) Hey Guys, We should have a new update coming over the next few days. :) Greetings, If anyone is having an issue accessing their Pledge Manager, please send us a Private Message to the Blood Rage Kickstarter. We will be happy to help. @Travis: We will look into this matter and contact you directly. @Linus: Anything can happen. I'll pass that along to the members of our team that would handle stuff like that. @Everybody: Just a reminder that the Pledge Manager ends next week. If you haven't completed it yet, do so. If you are having an issue with your Pledge Manager send us a Private Message. We'll see if we can get you sorted out. Thanks! Hi, We are aware of the delays regarding refunds. For those of you who have requested a refund, we are working to process them as quickly as possible. We are sorry for the delay and appreciate your patience. We also want to let you know that if you submitted your refund prior to the 60 day deadline as per our refund policy on the campaign page, we will honor the date that the refund was requested. In other words, if you asked for the refund before the 60 day deadline, you will receive a full refund including the Kickstarter fees. Hi, Just a friendly reminder. Please remember that the deadline for the Pledge Manager is May 29, 2015. If you have yet to complete the Pledge Manager, please do so. Please make sure that your order is confirmed and your shipping costs are paid. Failure to do so could increase your wait for your pledge as well as cause you to incur additional shipping costs. Hi @Covenpines, Shipping varies depending on the weight of the package. But we can properly answer your question during your Pledge Manager, when you can simulate all the possible shipping options. But you can be fairly certain that when you send multiple items in one shipping the shipping cost per item generally is lesser than when you send them in different shippings. @Rasmus T - I'll look into it and send you a PM with my findings. Hi, We have been adjusting the personnel involved in our support department to increase our productivity in providing more timely service. If you have requested a refund, your request is included into a list. At the end of each week that list is forwarded to our accounting department. Over the course of the following week the accounting department completes the refund request. If more than two weeks have passed since contacting <email>, we would like to ask that you submit another, completely new, request. As always we appreciate your interest, your support, and your patience. Hi Danimal13, If a Strech goal is unlocked we don't lock it back, it doesn't matter what happens later. We'll honor all our promises made to our backers. Hi, We wanted to let you know that our support team is experiencing an extremely high volume of request, not just for this project but for all of CMON’s projects. They process refunds, parts request, KS questions, shipping corrections and a whole host of issues that arise during KS campaigns. They are happy to help, and wish to do so as quickly as possible. If you have requested a refund, your request is included into a list. At the end of each week that list is forwarded to our accounting department. Over the course of the following week the accounting department completes the refund request. They are working as quickly as they can to get current on those request. We appreciate your patience. Hi, We have had a few "Can I get multiples of my basic pledge?" and "If we purchase Additional copies of the Blood Rage, will it come with the Stretch Goals?" questions. The Answer is yes to both. if you double your basic pledge you'll receive an extra base game and an extra copy of all unlocked stretch goals. If you have an Early Bird pledge, extra pledges also cost $70. Hi, CMON covers the cost to ship by boat the packages to each of the hubs (USA, Germany, Australia, and the China factory itself). The shipping charged is from those hubs to the backer's address. The shipping charged to different countries may vary because the shipping cost itself varies, quite a lot in a few cases. Iceland and Greece have to pay 3 times the cost of other EU countries because, unfortunately, the shipping charges from Germany to Iceland and Greece are currently 3 times as high. Believe me, CMON isn't making any money off of shipping. Turns out our shipping estimates were accurate for 85% of the EU countries we cover. We are sorry that for the backers in the other 15% of EU countries the final amount turned out to be higher than expected, but I'm not sure what can be done about it. Again, estimates are our best guess. We try to be as accurate as possible, but price increases can occur once we have the final weight of the product. Of course, we are always ready to refund your pledge following our standard refund policy. Hey, Just wanted to check-in. Not really update worthy, but I wanted everybody to know that the Pledge Manager is in the near future. We have to finalize a few more details. We don't have a definitive date yet, but keep an eye on your inboxes. You can make a $1 pledge now, and when the Pledge Manager goes live after the campaign has ended you can add more funds to get a full pledge and any add-ons you'd like. However, you won't be able to get ONLY the add-on. You'll need to get a basic pledge in order to enter the system. @Nivesh Tayal: If that wasn't an honest mistake, would you kindly stop trolling the campaign? Please don't include shipping in your current pledge total. Shipping will be charged after the campaign is completed, once the Pledge Manager goes out to backers. Adding your shipping to your pledge now complicates the process later on. Not to worry, our dwarven blacksmiths are already hard at work on improving Thor's hammer! <url>