Arvinder... If I try to put an estimation out right now it's going to be based on very very little information, and will likely be wrong. Then everyone is going to jump on me for a wrong estimation. Matthew... There were definitely other options for engineering but I opted for the best with the intent of developing the best product possible. Also, the mechanical engineering is far more complex that you might think. Not something a summer intern could reliably pull off. Tan... I have you on the list now. Francis... All valid criticisms. I think most Kickstarter creators tend to fall into the trap of being overly optimistic in their development estimations. I've clearly been guilty of that. I also think, though, that the length of the delays are somewhat related to the complexity of the product. The Pebble guys took over a year to get their product to market (even with $10M in the bank). I've had a couple of other product development friends that have had similar delays. I've seen even simpler products that took over a year to deliver. So, while a 5 month delay is annoying, it's certainly not outside the normal bounds of KS projects. In terms of being ready to ship a product that with a known problem. You're right. I was about to do that, but what you don't know is that there were a number of avenues that I was ready to take to address that. Please don't assume that I would have just shipped a bad product and ignored it. That's not how I operate. You would be incorrect to say that the issue is related to body parts blocking the signal. The problem is a function of the signal integrity which is diminished by other components in the vicinity of the antenna. The improved signal strength from the new module will improve the functionality of the product. We are definitely not going to get the sort of range the module can get when mounted in an ideal configuration. I don't yet know exactly how much improvement there will be. I do know that there will be an improvement, and I believe it will be a fairly significant improvement. Please remember, I didn't give the product an F for range. I'm using the current product every day and I'm not having huge issues. But the issue it is having is an important one to solve for this to be a market worthy product. Dragan... I, too, wish this wasn't 4 months late. But considering this is my first consumer electronics product, and having watched a lot of other Kickstarter projects, I think we're not doing too bad. Kickstarter is unique in that YOU, as a backer, actually get a sense of what it takes to put out a product. Normally what consumers see is, first a few rumors here and there on the internet (maybe), and then one day a finished product pops up on the market. That's a pretty painless experience. The reason I'm doing the weekly updates is less about transparency and more about... for a lack of a better word... entertainment. I want backers to share in the experience. That experience is sometimes fun and sometimes frustrating. Right now we're going through a frustrating phase as I'm trying to get this launched. Ultimately everyone wants a finished product. But you also want it to be right. As frustrating as it is at the moment, I'm trying to make sure it's right. And believe me, my frustration is about 1,543 times larger than anyone else's. ;-) Theerasak... I'm making everything as clear as I can. You know about as much as I do at this point. I've received everyone's special requests and I have them in a spreadsheet. There are around 100 or so. Maysio and Luigi... That would be a yes. Arnd... This sounds like an interesting idea. The one challenge I think would be space. This is a very small device. Even the microUSB and the audio jack are HUGE components relative to the size of the board. Seems like this might be a feature that would be better to accomplish as an app on the phone. Not sure, though. James... Getting very close to the start of shipping. But I don't think NFC is going to replace Bluetooth. They have completely different applications. NFC is used at distances of a few centimeters, whereas BT is intended for distances of ~10 meters (class 2). You're more likely to find both BT and NFC, combined, on more devices. Although Apple seems to be holding off, as far as I can tell, maybe to leapfrog NFC for other technology that performs the same functions. Ron... After finding out that the iPhone doesn't support AptX, I'm trying to do some more research on AptX. Apple accomplishes the same thing through AAC and A2DP. AptX is easy to implement since it's built into the Bluegiga WT32 module. I just have to purchase the license at, I think, $1-$2 per unit, which is pretty steep... especially considering it's not going to be utilized on a large number units. I do have a particular advantage in this situation since I'm producing domestically. It adds complexity but I can create a variation of the product that is AptX enabled for non-iPhone users. Any feedback from your end would be helpful. Ken... Interesting idea. The challenge there is, that also requires cutting a new button-only mold. Sarang... Yes, Elroy can be used while charging. I think I have this already added to the FAQ on the meetelroy.com website, but not to the Kickstarter FAQ. Thanks Marie! M-A... Should have a final pre-production unit to show on Wednesday. David... Doing that very thing this moment. :-) Vinit... If you have a Paypal account I should be able to send a $10 credit to you that way. Just remember, the credit will be issued Dec 1. Tan... You can try this link and see if it works for you... <url>"Ending Soon" section. We're cutting it close but we're already seeing good momentum. I'm holding out confidence we're going to make it. Hang in there. Mike... That might be something we try in a later version. Right now pushing the earbuds further into the base unit would make things too tight, and we wouldn't have as much room for the battery. It's going to be pretty jam packed inside there as it is. :-) You got it right, Jason. After the funding is finished we'll send out a survey and that's where you can select which rewards you want to receive. Marie... I'll see if I can find a way to build that into the KS survey somehow. If that doesn't work I'll take your suggestion and use Surveymonkey. Thanks! Ben... That's a good thought. We've not yet sent out any surveys. I'll be very curious to see the breakdown on people choosing white and black. That said, I'm going to push very hard to get both, as I think that's the preferred outcome. Just have to make it happen. That should be ***sound*** not "should." Eli... The earbuds are still in the development phase but they should be fine with sweat. They are ear canal style earbuds that seal and block ambient should. Some backers have been requesting that we make sure they are compatible with Comply foam earbud tips, and that's something we're also working on as we continue to develop these. Gabriel... That's a very good question, and that's one issue I'm trying to work through as I budget the final development phase. The earbud manufacturer's minimum order quantity is 3000 units per style, per color. So, to do both black and white earbuds I have to order 6000 units, for some ~1600 Kickstarter orders. I'm going to try to work out something with the factory to see if I can bring that number down, or find a way to justify the larger order based on orders that follow the product launch. Worst case, we'll only have black at launch time. But know I'm trying to work it out so we can have both black and white earbuds at launch. Jean... In a word. Yes. It's a little early to say exactly what discount, but I definitely consider all KS backers to be forever in a special class of their own. That's going to come with special deals for you guys, for sure. Sam... Thanks for that suggestion. I will inquire with the engineer on NFC and also do a little more research on my own. Because of the conditional nature of Elroy's operations (i.e., buttons do one thing when earbuds are attached, other things when earbuds are detached, etc) we're looking at building custom firmware into the Bluegiga module. Possibly we can dovetail NFC in there too, depending on cost and complexity. Sarang... I'll answer your questions here as best I can. Bear in mind, though, this is not a finished product yet. We are still in the development phase and are actually working to make some design changes in order to accommodate backer comments. 1) At this point, I need to keep this aspect under wraps due to patent reasons. Eventually I'm going to have competitors knocking this off, blatantly infringing on the patent before we get through the review process with the USPTO. So, I'd rather not publicly let the cat out of the bag right now. I hope you understand. 1a) Since the attachment will be on the cord for third party earbuds I don't think they are going to hold up to quite a vigorous of a shaking. But I'm confident they'll still hold very securely. They're tiny little magnets but neodymium magnets are almost magical. 1b) You bring up a good point here. I have two different designs I've been working on. One permanent and one changeable. The downside to the changeable one would be they would only fit ons size of cord. The downside to the permanent one is, customers need to order one per set of earbuds they own. 2a) We need to get to that phase of testing before I can answer that question. But since you bring it up, it will definitely be on my radar now. 2b) Same here. We are not to that point in the testing. But now it's on the radar. 2c) It's my understanding that the "7 devices" for Multipoint are devices that are "standby" rather than actual simultaneous connections. I don't think you actually want to have that many simultaneous connections, anyway. I believe it's possible to have more than one simultaneous connection with Multipoint but, it seems to me, the greater usefulness of this is to just be able to easily pick up a new connection on a device. Such as: You're listening to music through your iPad when a phone call comes in. You just want to be able to answer the phone call with a simple click, rather than having to go through any separate manual Bluetooth disconnecting and re-pairing process. 3) Using Elroy while charging is still not answered. It's an important aspect, and I'll find out something on that as soon as I can. Lot's of balls in the air at the moment. :-) We have a lot of stuff planned for Monday and Tuesday. We're gonna put in our best effort, and I think we'll make it. Gabriel.... Thanks, gotcha. Yes, we will include the small magnetic cord attachments so that you can magnetically attach other earbuds to the docks on the Elroy unit. Johan... I'm just now working on the sound driver details with the manufacturer, so more details to come on that front. Suffice to say, we're going to add the best quality we can while keeping the unit cost effective. But, not long after launch we will be offering a variety of earbuds with different styles, sound quality and price points. Marie-Andree... Yes, that's exactly how it will work. You just have to have your pledge set for the total that will cover all the add-ons that you plan to select. Dallas... Now there's an idea! David... As I understand it, just streaming music should be something close to double the talk time, since talk time requires both transmitting and receiving, and streaming music is only receiving. We're hoping to get at least a 150mAh battery inside Elroy. The Fuel Microcharger has a 220mAh battery, so that would be a huge boost. And that thing is so tiny! You'll hardly notice it in your pocket. I forgot to ask about listening while charging. On the freq response chart, we're still choosing the sound driver so I'll have to get back to you on that later. Eduardo... I'm not sure what you mean by the add-on clips. The Elroy uses a standard 3.5mm jack, so you can plug in any other headphones you like. Shadow... The base Elroy unit will come with the Elroy bluetooth unit, a set of shorty cord earbuds, a short USB charger cord, a full range of earbud tip sizes and an EVA travel case (once we beat our $150k stretch goal). Adam... Ah! That's a great idea. So simple. Satsawat... That is exactly what you do. You got it. :-) Good thoughts, Matt. I'm actually really excited for all the variations of earbuds we can offer later. I'm also hoping to work toward licensing the docking system to other earbud companies, but that's going to take some time too. Nicander... Rule #1 for good customer service: There are no stupid questions. :-) Using Elroy with Skype is actually a matter of your computer rather than Skype. If your computer is bluetooth equipped then you should be able to pair and hear what ever sounds would otherwise be coming through your standard headset. You might have to configure your computer in some manner to use bluetooth as your audio out. Jo... The clip is actually quite sturdy. If it were to break you should just contact us and we'll be sure to take care of you. With regards to magnets, I was just talking to our engineer about that issue today. We have to be careful with the magnetic fields we're setting up and how they interact with the electronics. A magnet that would be strong enough to hold the Elroy would likely cause a lot of interference with the bluetooth signal. What we're being careful to do with the docking points is to keep the small magnets we're using well away from the components that can be affected by their magnetic fields. Though, these are small so it's easier to manage that arrangement. Michael... Thanks! You know, it's interesting because, watching a lot of other Kickstarter projects, that is exactly something I took note of. When you don't communicate people get very frustrated. It's always a balance between annoying people by talking too much but still making sure to stay engaged with everyone. Trying to make sure to strike the right balance. Maxim... Noise canceling capability is built into the Bluegiga module. We're working on the exact specs for everything now. There are a number of updated aspects that we're taking into consideration based on backer responses. Expect to hear more detailed information soon. Marcus... That's a great idea. We'll definitely look into seeing if we can get this added feature designed into the earbuds. Greg... This is a quirk of Kickstarter's rules. They don't allow us to create rewards with multiple items. But if you just double your pledge we'll make sure you get two Elroy's. This is how everyone running Kickstarters is managing this issue, as I understand it. Ben... I have. I even have a supplier for the material. I was hoping to get through the initial launch before starting to bring on additional wood veneers. There's kind of a lot on my plate just making sure we have a great product launch. Gabriel... You will definitely be able to feel the wood texture. We will add a coating to protect it from things splashing or spilling on it but it won't be so thick that you lose the wood texture. Nicander... Color choices will be black and white, and styles will be Diamond, Perf and Oak. The style refers to the faceplate material/pattern. Kevin... Have you seen how many colors of duct tape there are these days? =-) Hmmm... Duck tape. Think of the money we could save! ;-) Thanks Kevin. I appreciate the support. I know exactly what you're talking about, having founded Timbuk2 and gone through all the early growth once before. There is always a delicate balance between leading and listening. If you listen too much, you have the tail wagging the dog. If you listen to little you can go off on a tangent that is meaningless to customers. My belief is that good leaders are also good listeners. I try to apply a level of "context over content." That's to say, you try to take people's ideas and suggestions in the context they're being made, rather than trying to follow exactly everyone's suggestion for exactly their words. A good example of this here are the suggestions for various clip mechanisms. Being in an early phase of this business I can't make exactly the specific clip that each and every person desires. I designed a clip that I believe fits the broadest sets of needs. But I definitely take note that this is an issue for customers. Rather than trying to design clips to specific comments, it tells me there are going to be a wide range of ways that people will want to wear Elroy. Thus, as a leader, what I know I need to do is elevate this as a coming design element. To me, that's what being a good leader is about. Ron... You'll actually be surprised when you use the Elroy what a difference just removing the lower 2/3 makes. When I've been using the prototype I've accidentally gone out, gotten in the car, driven to the store, gotten out of the car, gone into the store... suddenly to notice that I'm still wearing the prototype. And yes, two mics are required. The line drawing on the KS page is an early version. Several small changes are in the works, changes that won't change the overall aesthetics of the unit. Stephan... Sure, if you'll just add those two funding levels together we'll make sure you get what you're looking for. Great question, Matt! I wish you'd caught me about 5 mins ago before I posted the update. I just did a quick video of a shake test. I'll make a quick update to show off the results. Marie-Andree... Ah, thanks. That makes total sense. Marie-Andree... Ah, I looked closer at the two images you sent. Our earbuds, and the Elroy, will not be compatible with the attachment system at the earbud junction. (I'm not even clear on why they do that.) I'm talking about the 3.5mm audio jack each of those has at the other end of the cord. I've seen some other systems with a smaller jack at the middle of the cord (at the "Y" junction). We also will not be compatible with that, since those are not a standard 3.5mm audio jack. Bear in mind that we're a brand new company, right out of the gate. The audio accessories business is vast and complex. We're trying to hit the market with something new and meet as many needs as humanly possible. There will certainly be a few things we're missing but we'll be working hard to fill those gaps as quickly as we can. Marie-Andree... There are a number of things you can do. One, you can use any other standard set of earbuds with their full length of cord. Two, if you're the DIY type, you can buy a 3.5mm jack and cut your own cord to length and add a new jack. Three, you could go to a local electronics store and have them do the job for you. Four, there are several existing short cords on the market, like these: <url>– and I think unnecessary – complexity in manufacturing. The mic can be really easily surface mounted inside the unit to the PCB, whereas on a cord it's going to be a manual labor process. So, if we get better functionality AND a more simple manufacturing process, then it's a win-win. Francis... I've tested a few other devices with the mic on the unit and it seems to work fine. As well, if you think about it, every set of on-the-ear bluetooth headsets has the same configuration. Barb... Same as with, Matt, with digital printing we can get low quantities but it's a bit pricy. So, selling digitally printed textured faceplates might not be cost competitive in low quantities, but it would be easy enough to do printed labels with logos and designs. Matthew... Yes, we would. We can use high resolution digital printing to do a one-off of the design. But then we'd just want to reserve the right to mass produce it, giving you full credit for the design and naming rights. Joseph... Kickstarter actually has a rule against multiples. But if you get on and back the project and just do the math for multiple units, then I will see that and make sure you get your multiple units when we ship. Nikita... The rewards for this Kickstarter will be Elroy 1.0. At this point Elroy 2.0 is nothing more than some ideas on paper. It'll be sometime in mid-late 2014 when we put out 2.0. And shortening cables is actually very easy. If you're handy with tools you can do it yourself. Or you can usually find a local electronics shop to do the job for you for a small fee. Here's a video on how to do it... <url>~1000 backers getting us to $100k we're going to have to order several times more earbuds than we need to fill orders. I'm pretty sure we'll get past the $100k mark, and then there will be some additional stretch goal rewards that we can toss into the mix. Chris... That's an excellent suggestion. I just sent a query off to the engineer to see how complex Siri integration is. Simon... That's definitely a feature we want to implement but it's going to take some extra work. Can't quite promise that one yet. nihal... Oh, I think once we get this finished, the clip is going to be a very nice-looking feature. David... There are some other tricks that we have up our sleeves for the 4-point connector. Those will be Elroy 2.0 features, though. Quy Alan... The humble is all mine, that so many of you are backing this project. As for BT 2.1, that is a function of the Bluegiga audio module. At the $30k funding level I need to use an off-the-shelf module that's easy to develop (and sure to work). If we can get the funding higher then we can start to think about building a custom board that includes BT 4.0. DareMachina... Will pass that along to the engineers. Chan... Yes! We are going to be doing exactly that. I need to work up some drawings so I can show everyone what it looks like. Music to my ears, Jacob! :-) Eric... I'm pretty sure that we'll have it working on all platforms. We haven't started that part of the testing yet, though. We're going to do our best to make sure this works for everyone. Patrick... Weight and battery life. When you start trying to jam all the electronics and all the battery power into the actual earbud, something has to give. By using a wearable base unit you can lighten the load on your ears and get much more bang out of the product performance because your clothing is carrying the weight. Remember, too, this is a first round product from a young business. We're only scratching the surface with what we're going to be able to do with this form. There have been a number of wearable bluetooth units that have come out over the past years and I just don't think anyone has done it right yet. That's what I'm here to do. And honestly, I'm not presenting but a fraction of what we can do with this product. I don't want to throw too much at a first product. I want to create a solid product with some unique features, deliver that to Kickstarter backers (on time), and then build on that. I'm so freakishly excited about where this can all go! It's going to be a fun ride. Benoit... Five hours would be talking on the phone time. Just streaming music (or podcasts) would be much longer. And you should be able to use it as a remote with no earbuds attached, no problem. David... That's definitely going to be available prior to when we ship product. Rodrigo... The higher the funding goes the more options we can add. But ultimately we hope to license the magnetic attachment system to other earbud makers so that there will be lots of earbud options. These things take time, though. Jin... The actuator is merely the small internal mechanism that allows removing the earbuds to answer a call or replacing them to terminate a call. The answer button on the other side of the unit will perform all the functions you're describing. Adan... Elroy will definitely be usable on Android devices. Eric... We will be trying to build in the best quality earbuds possible, for sure. I was holding back posting any details on the specs of the earbuds until be had a better idea on how high the funding might go. David... I've tested the bluetooth module around the house, and I can wander to the far ends of my house (2400 sq ft) without losing signal. Jin... What I did in terms of this project is focus on what consumers were looking for, based on a questionaire I sent out. The top responses, by far, were bluetooth and the magnetic docking points. So, I redeveloped the product to meet those needs. Eduardo, We're hoping that strong initial success will mean that we can license the magnetic docking system to other earbud manufacturers. DareMachina, Me too! It'll be way more fun to make our own earbuds for this. You rock for being #1! And yes, we're going to make this thing insane! :-)