Daniel! Very happy you enjoyed the film. Sorry to hear about your DVD troubles. I'm a bit scattered now, trying to prepare my latest film for it's upcoming premiere, but I want to help! Do you have Paypal? I'd be happy to reimburse you for a non region locked DVD. I hope you understand the very modest roots of our film and that the DVDs were manufactured by our US distributor. Our campaign was to solicit support for our art, which turned into commerce- we certainly tried our best but will never hold a candle to Amazon.com! Let me know and I'll try to remedy this- but please be patient as I'm off to the sound mix and I've got a thousand things to finish! Ryan! Guitars are going out this week, too, with the rest of the stuff. (They will be packaged separately, however.) Apologies, Glenn! Had some trouble with the t-shirt delivery, but your things are en route to you now! David, You are a true gentleman. There is absolutely no need at all to apologize but, since you did, we want you to know there are no hard feelings whatsoever. Hugs and high fives: we're all good. This has been a great learning experience for us and, if we could do it all over again, we would account for the (slim, so very slim) possibility that we might win "The Indie Movie Lottery" and have a full year unexpectedly dominated by promotion, travel, contracts, negotiations, and the seemingly endless technical finishing work. If we could have anticipated what was in store for the movie, we would have adjusted our rewards schedule accordingly and given you a more accurate idea of what to expect. But since we didn't know what was in store, and since our rewards schedule did get blasted to pieces, we sincerely appreciate your understanding and patience. And we mean that for every single one of our Kickstarter supporters. Posters and t-shirts and comic books aside, we hope that the real reward for our supporters is feeling like you bet on a winning horse and, even more importantly, that you enjoy the movie when you see it. Whether you gave $5 or $35 or $100, you are a part of this movie's (surreal and even embarrassing) success. If you got a little miffed because the rewards were delayed, we totally understand that and we apologize again but, ironically, it was your initial faith in this project that helped to shape that success, which temporarily diverted the delivery of the rewards! *cue 'Circle of Life' from The Lion King* Thank you again for everything, David and everyone else who may be reading this. We are forever grateful to you, we hope you enjoy the rewards as they begin to arrive, and we hope that you feel proud when you see the movie's end credits start to scroll. best, Jeremy & The BR Team Thanks for the kind words! Our short term goal is to raise $35K to make this film a reality- our long term goal is to do y'all proud! - Jeremy