@John, we didn't rip anyone off. If you have any questions or concerns, you can reach us at <email> where we help everyone out, like we always have. @Amy, send us an email at <email>, we'd be happy to help, @John, send us an email at <email>, we'd be happy to help, @Amy, that's no good. No worries, send us an email at <email> and we'll get this figured out. We're sorry this happened. Even though you are outside of the one year warranty, we'd still like to help. Send us an email at <email> and we can offer you a massive discount if you'd like another one. @danny kang: Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of it. Hi Ed, Send us an email at <email> and we'll get this taken care of for you. Hey Sean, Yes definitely! Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you :) Wijak, We've just sent you an email to discuss your order. Juan, They should be available next week. If you haven't already, you should join our newsletter on our webpage: www.fluxmob.com to be notified as soon as they are available :) We're glad you're enjoying your BOLT! Everyone check out Satchel & Page, they have some cool products: www.satchel-page.com Hi Daniel, Just responded to your email. Hi Fabricio, Please send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of this for you. Hi Kyong, Don't worry, shoot us an email at <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Hi Jeff, Just responded to your email, thanks. Scott, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Robert, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Hi Mark, We are truly sorry to hear about what happened, we responded to your email with questions to further investigate this cause. We've had a very small amount of defective units working on 220v. We've identified the issue and it is only present in a very small set of units (less than 1%). We stand behind our product and will definitely honor our warranty by getting you a replacement as soon as they arrive. Jeffery: It's possible that you are not starting the charge by holding down the button for about three seconds until the green light turns on. If you have any other questions send us an email at <email> and we'll be happy to assist. Benson, We got your message of the unfortunately news, but don't worry, we'll be able to help you out :) Justin, send us an email at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue. Ashoka, Send us an email at <email> and we'll take care of any issues. Hi James, Shoot us an email at <email> and we'll figure out what's going on. Hi Benson, Please email <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Juta, We've received your email and are responding now. Anant, We've noticed that LED behavior does happen from time to time however it does not affect functionality. To double check the battery level, once off the wall, you can do a quick press and you should see four blue LEDs lit (generally after at least four hours of charging on the wall). If you have any other concerns please feel free to email us directly at <email> Hi Jeremiah, It does sound like you have a defective unit. We'll shoot you an email so we cane take care of this issue right away. If you have any other questions, please feel free to email us directly at <email> Right on Rory. I'm sure Jimmy Page appreciates it. Rebecca, Please email <email> and we'll help troubleshoot your issue. Hi Tom, Please email <email> and we'll take care of any concerns you have right away. Rix, Leaving your BOLT plugged in for extended periods will not affect your battery life. BOLT uses a bypass circuit that will automatically stop charging your battery once it's full. If you have any other questions feel free to email us directly at <email> Nir, BOLT is rated to last a minimum of 500 complete charge cycles. This is standard for pretty much every lithium ion battery on the market. Luis, Please email <email> and we'll take care of you right away. Tejeev, Please send an email to us at <email> and we'll be able to troubleshoot your issue further. Benji, That's correct. If BOLT is not plugged into the wall it will automatically stop charging your device once it hits 100%. There is also an automatic shut off that will stop output after about 10 seconds if your BOLT is unplugged from the wall and no device is attached. Aaron, While plugged into the wall you should see a solid green light to indicate charging as started for your device that is plugged in. You should also see solid blue LEDs indicating the amount of charge on the BOLT and blinking blue LEDs indicating what is left to be charged. If you are not seeing this please contact us at <email> so we can further troubleshoot. Aaron, We have seen an issue that affects the LED read out from time to time. This does not affect functionality. Hector, We apologize for the inconvenience. It sounds like you may have a defective unit. We've sent you an email to follow up and we'll get a replacement unit out. Zachary, Please send us an email at <email> to further troubleshoot your issue. Thanks. Stan, We checked your tracking and it looks like its currently in customs clearance as of Nov1. Shouldn't be much longer! Terry, No, you do not need to hold the power button down if your charging from the wall. We'll email you to figure this out. If anyone else has any questions or concerns, please email us directly at <email> Nir, We have just emailed you to trouble shoot the problems. Don't worry, we'll take care of the issue right away. Jon, We have seen an issue that affects LED read out from time to time. This does not affect functionality. As for your charging issue, please send us an email at <email> so we can further troubleshoot. Nicole, The Galaxy Nexus should charge without issue. Send us an email at <email> so we can further diagnose your issue. Fred, We're sorry to hear that, yes please email us at <email> and we'll take care of it right away. Juan, Send us a message and we'll take care of you. Steve, For the stretch goal, you had two options: international travel kit OR the car charger. Let us know if you have any other questions. Anthony/Richard, Because BOLT output is at 1A it will perform a slower charge with the iPad. When using a longer cable the iPad will say "Not Charging" if it is in use. This is because the iPad is technically using more power than it's taking in. If you simply turn off the screen and stop using your iPad, then battery will charge. We've tested this with the iPad2, iPad3, and iPad4 with the same results. Matt, After you plugged your phone in did you hold down the button for about 3 seconds? The green light should turn on and charging will begin. If you are still having issues please email us at <email> so we can take care of any problems. Jermaine/Peter, Glad you guys are enjoying BOLT. Thanks for your support! Peter, We noticed that extra "to" in the manual right when we received our shipment :) Zach, For your initial use make sure that BOLT completely charged (at least 4 hours). If you unplug BOLT and 4 LEDs are on you could of potentially had a 75-100% charge to begin with. BR/Daniel, We're glad you guys are enjoying your BOLTs! Thanks for the support! BR, BOLT will only charge with the wall outlet. Let us know if you have any other questions. Wong Kung Yee, Your package along with many others were processed this weekend. Once USPS scans in your package (tomorrow), the tracking number will update and you will be able to track the status from there. Please let us know if you have any other questions. Skeam, That message should not be displayed during use, but we have seen it from time to time when you have the cable plugged in and it is not in use. The cables are not MFi certified, so we can't guarantee that message will never show up. Also as a note, that is just an Apple message, but it doesn't mean that the cable is not functional. Are you sure that you started charging with the BOLT? You simply plug your phone into BOLT and hold down the button for about 3 seconds. The green light should turn on and charging will start. Send us an email to <email> if the issue persists so we can resolve it. Ellon, Yes it does. Our 3-in-1 cables do not display the warning message seen in iOS7 with other cables. Steven, The BOLTs have taken longer than expected to get to us, but we're still on schedule to receive them this week. We will be posting an update as soon as they arrive. Ralph, Please message us your new shipping address and we'll get it updated for you. Nir, The EU version is being worked on. Stay tuned for more info. Nir, Bolt weighs in at 3oz. Nitesh/Amilia, No problem at all. Keeping all of you in the loop is a high priority to us. BOLTs are currently in transit to our warehouse. We'll receive them by the end of next week and start shipping them to backers right away. We'll be sure to post an update when they arrive at our warehouse. Nir, We're always looking at ways to improve efficiency. Nitesh, BOLTs are in transit, the tracking number hasn't updated yet with a delivery date but we do know they are on the way. As soon as there's another update with the tracking number we'll be sure to let everyone know. Nir, From our latest samples we're getting about 73% efficiency. Nir, That's correct. If BOLT is unplugged from the wall you simply plug your device in, hold the button for 3 seconds and charging will begin. Once your device is fully charged BOLT will automatically stop charging to conserve battery life. If BOLT is plugged into the wall then charging is always on. No button press required. Nir, We're accepting orders at our website: <url>#4 you will see the car charger. It's a low profile unit with 2A output and 2 USB ports. Nir and Orly, Sorry, but introducing a fourth color would throw off our budgeting. We may include new colors in the future, but we're going to stick with Graphite, Stealth, and Argon for Kickstarter. Li, We tallied almost 1100 votes and here are the results: Argon: 25.2% Crimson: 19.5% Pure: 13.8% Tangelo: 11.3% Mantis: 9.3% Pacific: 8.2% Eminence: 4.8% Walnut: 3.6% Dandelion: 3.3% Rosa: 1.0% Argon is the clear winner! We will be making a formal announcement along with the surveys this evening. Li, The colors will be extremely close to what we have posted. We can't see what your screen looks like, so we're not sure if it will match your specific display. Sorry Peter, No running total. We don't want anyone to be persuaded to make a decision. Besides, the suspense is the best part! Thanks Scott! Couldn't have done it without you guys! Steven, We're expecting to ship BOLT in October 2013. Joshua and Nir, Due to the cost added for both items and shipping we will not be able to offer both together. We will however allow users to order both items once we have BackerKit setup. Thanks Julius, Yes it did, thanks for helping out! Ronald, That's a great idea. We will look into offering either a car charger or travel kit to each backer who pledged for a BOLT. We'll make sure we keep you guys in the loop. Thanks for your support! Backers, We're on the final stretch. 4 hours to go, and we're almost at the stretch goal. We can make this happen! Yong, We are using a premium 18650 Samsung cell that is ICR based. Thanks for your continued support! GM, Correct, if we reach our stretch goal, each Bolt will with the travel kit :) Hi Ben, Bolt's battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. OK Brandon we'll see what we can do. Brandon, If you can supply us with the dimensions of your cable we can pass them along to our cable supplier to see if they have any cables that will meet your specifications. We can't make any promises, but we can try. Feel free to email us at <email> Thank you for bringing this up. Bryan, BOLT will provide about 25% for a full size iPad and about 50% for an iPad mini. Thanks for your support. Hi Nir, There will already be two color choices: Graphite (Gray) and Stealth (Black). Once the campaign ends, we will send out a survey to vote on the 3rd color option. Orange will be one of the options to vote on. So depending on which color gets the most votes, that will be the 3rd color option you can choose from. This time around we are limited to three colors. We hope you understand. Nir, We will have an ample selection of color choices for the survey, with orange included of course. Nir, We won't forgot our backers :) James and Nir, We've already began production on the mold and PCB on the current design, but this is something we're planning for a future version. Thanks for your support! Paul, Thanks for bringing this up. We intend to have the adapters and 3-in-1 cables available for purchase on our online store after our Kickstarter campaign ends. We will be sure to let everyone know how to obtain additional adapters and cables if needed. Thanks for your support. Nitesh, No problem. The iPhone 5 charges 5v/1A. Bolts output is also 5v/1A so it will take about as much time as the stock iPhone wall charger would take. Ryan, This depends on the device that you are charging because different chargers output at different rates. BOLT outputs at 1A, which matches the majority of smartphones, so it will charge those devices at the same rate. Some tablets, however, charge at 2A so they will still charge, but at a slower rate. Thanks for the support! Ralph, You have a good point. Let us see what we can do and we will let the backers know as soon as we make the descion. Thanks for the suggestion. Eduardo, Thanks for your support. We appreciate it. Peter, You got it. We have in fact got the ball rolling on the final prototypes. We will post another update once we have some concrete information. No problem Jeremy. Charles, The reasons you mentioned for backing BOLT are precisely why we developed it. There isn't anything on the market that was able to fit our needs. We're glad that we share common interests and philosophies when it comes to gadgets. The internal battery will charge faster through the wall outlet than trying to use your laptop, but it will charge at about the same rate as your phone charger. Thanks for your support! John, Lets take a step back and pretend you aren't a troll or someone who works with/for jackery. These two projects are completely different. The product you posted is an older style of USB backup that doesn't have a built in wall charger. As for the casing, aluminum is typically heavier, bulkier, and more expensive. This is reflected in their price. By all means, if you feel our project is not up to par with another product's quality, please go ahead and do a preorder on their backup site. You won't find them on Kickstarter any more because their campaign was oddly suspended for unknown reasons. The choice is up to you. Jeremy and Peter, We uploaded a quick comparison shot with BOLT, an energy shot, an iPad charger, and a dollar bill. You can see it on the main project page under the Specifications section. Hopefully this will give you a good idea of how small BOLT will be. Thanks for the suggestions. Hey Jeremy/Peter, No problem, we'll get a picture of the comparison up as soon as we can on the main page. Hey Jeremy, We definitely can. Send us s message with your email address and I'll send over the picture. Hi Derek, While we have walked around with Bolt in our pocket, we wouldn't say its the most comfortable thing because its not flat, but at the same time we didn't notice it was in there after a while. Thanks for the support! John, We are happy you are on board with us as well! Hi El Kiai, Voting will take place once the project funding period ends. We will send out all of the surveys to get your color preference, cable selection, and t-shirt sizes (if applicable). Let us know if you have any other questions and thank you for your support! Keeyan, We're still working on coming up with a suggested retail price, but it will likely be over $50.00 USD. We will probably develop the EU version outside of KS. Thanks for your continued support! Everyone, Our first stretch goal has been announced. Please check out the update for details. Thank you. Steven, This project is definitely real. Thank you for your support! We did it! Thank you all for the support. We will be announcing our stretch goal tomorrow. Woo hoo! Wong, Because BOLT will accept 110v-240v as input it will work internationally with a simple plug adapter. Thanks for your support! Mike, Please send us a message to talk about this. Thank you. Alex, The battery will consume a minuscule amount of charge while waiting to be used. You probably won't notice any loss. Thanks for supporting our project! Rory, Please send us a message to discuss. Thanks. Court, Jason has a valid point, and we have updated our project description accordingly. With battery chargers there is always some loss, so you may not get two complete charges depending on the device you use. We cannot speak for the lifespan of another product compared to ours, but we can assure you that we are using the highest quality battery available to us. We have been quoted by numerous suppliers that the battery will withstand a minimum of 500 cycles, after 500 cycles the battery may hold less than 75% of its original capacity. This is typical with any product that uses a lithium ion battery. Thanks! Keeyan, BOLT will charge any device that is recharged via USB including smartphones, tablets, etc. Yes we do offer international shipping for an additional $15. You should see that option when making your pledge. Thank you for the support! Thanks for support and kind words Jillian! Hi GM, Yes, you will be able to fit an adapter plug to Bolt. Hi Jason, We appreciate your thorough analysis. We have made the appropriate changes to our product description. If you would like to discuss anything further, please feel free to message us. Thank you for the support. Li, Voting will take place once the our project funding period ends (assuming we make it to our goal). We will send out all of the surveys to get your color preference, cable selection, and t-shirt sizes. KCCO Brent! That color will definitely be an option when the voting begins. Daniel, We're ecstatic with how the campaign has gone so far, but we still do have a ways to go. We'll always take the time to answer questions, so feel free to comment or message us any time. Thanks for your support! Ralph, We named it just for you :) Thanks for the support! Peter, That's an interesting idea, but we wouldn't be able to fit that in without increasing the size. Thanks for the support! Kevin, Being able to charge two USB devices at the same time would add considerable bulk to accomodate the second USB port and use a beefier charging circuit. We will definitely look into creating a model like this in the future, but it will not be part of this project. Thanks for the support! Bryan, We've reached out to Kickstarter to see if it's within their guidelines to pledge for multiple BOLTs. We will let you all know as soon as we hear back. Thanks for the suggestion about Uncrate, we have notified them about BOLT, but all of you are also more than welcome to help promote our project by sharing on facebook or submitting to your favorite tech/gear blogs. Thank you for the support! Bryan, We do have a stretch goal in mind and will announce it here as soon as we make a decision. Thanks for the support! Timothy, Although we we are very familiar with PCB design we felt it was best to partner up with a manufacturer that has experience developing high quality charging solutions. We spec'd out what we were looking for, had a prototype created, tested it, and tested it again. We then designed the casing ourselves to be as small as possible. We're glad you share our enthusiasm about Bolt. Daniel, Thats definitely a color that you'll be able to vote on, so like we said to Peter, maybe that will be the winning third color option! Peter, You made the right decision, you wont' be disappointed. Maybe the other backers will love orange as much as you do and that turns out to be the winning color for the third option. Thanks for the kind words and support! Something Sketchy, I did a little bit of research on the Asus Transformer Prime and it looks like it requires 11V to charge. This is why the Transformer Prime uses a proprietary cable. This isn't a USB3.0 issue, it's just how the Transformer Prime was designed. So to answer your question, no I do not believe Bolt will work with this device. Thanks for your support. Thanks Rory! It definitely will come in handy. Timothy, Thanks for the mockup. Pretty interesting idea, we will look into this for future products. We will definitely not cut corners when selecting components for our product, especially the battery. We are performing the proper handshake to allow for a 1A charge, and we are working closely with our manufacturer who has been developing battery chargers for more than 5 years. They produce some very high quality products and BOLT will not be an exception. Thanks again for the input, we look forward to getting this product launched! Court, If your device charges via USB, Bolt will work. We're excited too. Half way there! Jeremy, We do have some ideas that we're contemplating. We'll make an announcement here first when we make a decision. Thanks for the support! Timothy, The wall prong design we are using is different than the old apple design. Because it is a flip plug we actually have a non conductive bridge connecting the prongs at the base. This will prevent separation. For AC to DC conversion we are implementing a switching power supply that feeds the battery charging circuit which is based on a 9926A power trench. We decided to go with the Samsung OEM battery because ICR cells do have a protection circuit and typically have better energy densities than IMR batteries. Additionally, IMR cells are typically used for higher current applications, and the absence of a protection circuit means that we would need to take extra care to avoid overcharging. We like your idea about turning the end into a cigarette charger, but this would mean more bulk due to the size of the battery. It's definitely something we can explore in the future. Thanks for the well thought out input and thank you for supporting us. Juan, We are just double checking with kickstarter to make sure this meets their terms. We will let everyone know as soon as we get an answer. Hey Peter, thanks for the support, KCCO! Hey Martin, Alan here chiming in. First, I want to thank you for your support and your concern is definitely understandable. I graduated from Cal State University, Long beach in 2006. Shortly after, I had a stint in finance. From there I worked in sales and product development for UniqueArts, LLC. Their phone number is 1-608-271-7682, which you can call for reference. Currently, for my day job, I manage OLS, LLC (orbitlightshow.com) located in Santa Ana, CA. Please feel free to send a friend request to my personal Facebook account: www.facebook.com/fasho and if you have any other questions, I can even pm you my cell number. I want to assure you that you are backing two very real guys that want nothing more than to make Bolt a reality. Alan GM, Thank you so much! We really appreciate it. Martin, We definitely are who we say we are, and we actually fell for the Kobe Red campaign too. Check out the projects we backed. We do however understand your concerns and would like to put your mind at ease. I (Justin) graduated from California State University Long Beach for both my B.S. and M.S. in 2007 and 2011 respectively. I even uploaded a shot of my degrees holding a BOLT in front of them. You can view them here: <url>~S7?/azito/azito/1%2C10%2C15%2CB/frameset&FF=azito+justin&1%2C1%2C/indexsort=- We are registered as a fictitious business name for the time being in Orange County, CA. You can do a search for fluxmob here: <url>