@Joseph: I have replied, I hope in statisfaction. @Michel: The exceptions are a few folks that either changed, upgraded or selected the wrong rewards that I am in communication with and in the process of sorting things out with what they needed. Sorry folks, we are still here and I see all your comments. I've been battling some issues on the electronics and have been frustrated too. A few weeks ago, we discovered our last batch of electronics had many issues and had to get them all redone and didn't know when we would get them. We now have about 18 kickstarters left (with some special exceptions) and I have these kits mostly ready to go but waiting for some technical things to get resolved to send them out, which suppose to happen next week. I don't want to send out bad kits and I keep thinking every is ok but keep getting surprised on quality issues. I'm trying hard to keep standards high and I'm sorry I'm not really good at communicating when things aren't going well, it's mostly because I get frustrated with how things keep getting more difficult that they should be and I end up dealing with a lot of things at once. Again, I'm sorry for the final delays, but I will make sure everyone gets their Bukobot as promised as soon as I can. @Miles : No, your machines are not back seat. We are trying to get all of them out as fast as possible and have a bunch going out every week. Yours is coming up in the next few days, almost all there... Instructions are coming for v2 of the Bukobot. Did some video this week but need to finish a few little pieces this weekend to post on the wiki. Shipping is going good, started out slow but worked out the kinks and getting faster. @Brian: Sorry, I've been on the shipping for the last few weeks. You're coming up soon, although I thought I had things organized enough to do things faster, shipping has not gone as smooth as I planned and I want to avoid packing mistakes with the new model more than ever. I got a few out and another batch this coming this week, but I'm also trying to get some instructions going too, since the new model is much different. We'll be emailing everyone soon with shipping tracking info as things get shipped. Sorry guys, I'm pushing hard for the last parts of the new stuff. I know it's been a year, and a very exhausting year. I appreciate everyone's patience with this project. I've ran out of all the old nozzles early than I expected because of the many replacements we had to do and just a bunch of rejects from our quality control so only new models are going to ship out now. I got some of the new parts coming next week from a much better manufacturer and I'm shipping all the rest before end of June (which my family threatened to beat me up if I don't make that goal)... There's only about 30 or so people left, and mostly because they chose to wait for the new models, so I'm pretty sure we can do it. Again, I didn't want these delay to happen, but I would feel worse if you guys got a bad product. I do read everyone's emails but I've been getting so many everyday and it's hard to keep up sometimes while trying to take care of production. Hang in there guys, we are trying our best and we're very close...Thanks. Sorry folks, I've been listening but I'm the slowest writer in the world possibly, and with so many emails a day I try not to get too distracted from production stuff. Just quickly, keep in mind the "290" backers wasn't all kits and I think I have about 50 or so kits left (including a few of you guys which are in the next batch). The one good thing is that the more recent kits we will be shipping have some cool improvements included which I'll try to show in an update soon. I appreciate everyone's patience and please don't be scared, you will get your machines! Sorry if anyone has send emails and I haven't responded. My father had some serious surgery done this week and it kind of ruined my plans and production for this week. He's doing fine and everything is ok, but I'll try to get to everyone's emails this weekend. Hi folks, we are definitely working our hardest to get things out, and to trying to get it right the first time. It's been 7 day weeks and 12 hours days for many months now for myself and trust me, I do want to finish sending all your rewards as fast as I can. Unfortunately, international shipping has been big challenge. We did some test ones and most made it fine but I did have some issues with a couple. I'm not a shipping expert so it's been a bit tricky to learn the ins and outs of shipping electronics stuff and 3D printing kits since "3d printing" doesn't seem to exist to customs people. We are figuring out what works and what to avoid, but it has not been easy. If anyone has some good tips on how to almost guarantee safe travels for the kits, please message me. I am reading the notes everyone has sent in the surveys and will try our best to follow them when it concerns shipping. I understand everyone wants a tally and updates, and I would love to do this, but unfortunately this will take precious time away from the real work we need to do and things will change on a daily basis so it'll be hard to keep everything updated. The low price of the rewards has not given me much room to really hire any additional people so some things would be just be counter productive at this point and I apologize for this. I absolutely do appreciate everyone support and patience, but I think this month should be a very productive month so please hang in there, we are getting close to shipping completing the kickstarter rewards. @Kenneth: what you quoted means they have "placed orders", but I still have many waiting for delivery too. I only made a couple exceptions since no shipping was required and they were for very important educational purposes. Please forgive me on those, but when science teachers from the visually impaired department wanted to get one to help teach their students using 3D objects, it's hard to say no. @Mark: Glad you got it : ) Just follow "Jit Build" for now even though it's for the Duo. 95% of the instructions are the same for all models. The only major differences between models maybe the Y carriage and the second extruder. @Trevor: Don't worry, I don't think we will miss anyone, we just have lots of kits to ship. I think we have about at least 50+ out the door already but we are trying our best to get them shipped. You will get an email with shipping info when yours goes out. There might be a delay in the next batch since I got sick this last week for a few days and I just finally recovered enough to get stuff done today. It not so fun when the only days off I got are in bed sick and trying to add to more info to the wiki... I doing a few international shipments to test out the shipping (customs and such) and to make sure the packing is good too. When I get some word on the receiving end and I'll include a few every batch. @Chris Ullmann: The vanillas and others come with the Azteeg X1 unless you upgraded when it was offered. the Duo has the X3. @PhracturedBlue - As an additional endorsement, the author of the article (Matt) actually ordered one from me for personal use : ) Not really that many, only about 130, there's many that were the smaller rewards...But things moving along good, got about 20 delivered already, but a big batch is going out this week too... We are working on the instructions while trying to do the shipping too, so it's a bit crazy to do all at once (I even have my aunt working!). I do have the wiki started at bukobot.com and actually have some backers already contributing to it! I think there's about 6+ backers that already have a running Bukobot even without instructions, so I wouldn't worry about the difficulty of building one...We are working hard for you guys and I do appreciate your patience, we want to make sure things are as perfect as can be. We are definitely working extra hard to get all the kits out before Christmas season (especially since I'm going to need a break soon so I don't get a heart attack) @Michael Wilhite: I'm doing some models in phases to make things a little more efficient, so when your model is ready send out, you'll get the survey...will be very soon : ) Yes, you'll definitely get an email when your shipment goes out. @Frans: Those look like lego shocks ; ) but the bed doesn't need them, should still be still enough hold accuracy. The springs are for adjusting and any accidental nozzle collision to the bed. I sent out some survey to get the ball rolling and put more pressure on myself to ship things out. A few models are going to get the survey a little later, but I'm trying to doing things as orderly as I can without getting too crazy. Will do a quick update soon... @sohjsolwin : We have an internal BOM (list of parts) but we are trying to make it more friendly for others to read. That should be posted in a few days on our website. @Chirag: Not sure the exact week, but some international addresses might ship a little later because of the difficulty of the customs and trying to find the best shipping methods. Update soon. The Maker Faire was amazing but we are still in New York (returning Wednesday) to do some extra business and actually personally delivery a few partial kits to some backers. I'll make an assessment of what's going on with supplies when I'm back. @Robert: Yes, I'll put up a wiki and forums for everyone to discuss and find out more on the Bukobot. As soon I have all my parts in for the kits, I'll be able to focus on some other things like this. I'm planning to possibly make some quick videos to get everyone started on the builds since it'll be the fast way to do it, then later I'll put up more detailed info on a wiki. I'm also going to be working with some folks at Crashspace to help me with a "outsider's view" on building of the Bukobot. @MJP: Yes, I'm including filament and it mostly likely be an assortment of cool colors but possibly mostly clear PLA to start with. If you do pick up it and the new store, I can personally help you and teach you about it and I can maybe throw in a bit more filament too. You will also be welcomed to come in anytime if you have any issues or questions about your Bukobot. @Mark: I spoke to the guys at File2Part and there were going to send me a beta of the program when it's ready to test with our machines. There's a very good chance it will work fine with the Bukobots since we use the very popular "Marlin" firmware that I believe they support already. Hi Guys, I'm going to post an update soon, but I wanted to wait for tomorrow because there's some news I'm waiting for on some items. It's looking like some things are a little more delayed and I might get some partials which I may find out tomorrow. Sorry again, there's somethings a bit out of my control on these things, we'll know more tomorrow night. Again, if anyone is local to Los Angeles and can come get your reward in Pasadena, please let me know when I send out the survey to get your addresses, it'll definitely help reduce the shipping process. Thanks everyone for your patience. I do know the feeling of waiting for things as I have ordered a few kickstarter items too. We are trying our best (and learning a lot of unexpected things in the process) to deliver your rewards as soon as we can with the quality we promised. @Mark Pavia : Yes, I know! and it's been bugging me too about the clips. We are trying to find a more elegant way to do that....but technically, it is a "homemade" machine anyways.... ; ) @Robert F-C: Yes, there's a cover you can print that protects the terminals, which I might try to include but you can always print your own style too. To add the IEC socket adds a lot of complication, but I think most people can figure out different solutions if they need to. You can alway just put the power supply in the back somewhere separate... there's many options for you to think about. Awesome! I would encourage anyone that can, to pick up their kits at my new shop. Almost there with an update, I haven't forgotten about my wonderful backers. Hang in there, good things are coming... I ended up going on a quick road trip to Make magazine HQ ( <url>"The Ultimate Guide to 3D Printing". The people there were really awesome and very fun. Got a quick tour of the place and looks like a toy shop for geeks. Lot of fun. I'm on my way home tomorrow so you'll see an update by the weekend. I really apologize for the delay, but it feels like things are happening faster than I can write about them... so it might be a pretty long update... ...oh and @Robert F-C : We don't keep the motors in buckets... we are a little more organized than that... ; ) Soon folks... I know you're all getting anxious, and believe me, I am too. I want you guys to have these Bukobots at home as much as you do. It's just me and Rich working our best and I'm fighting to get the vendors to get your parts. I will be adding more "production" photos on the update. But to keep you a little entertained, he's a quick test hack we did yesterday (that wasn't really that hard to do, I'll post instructions on the site later) to add an infrared remote trigger (wireless) for a Canon SLR camera and using simple gcode to trigger it: <url>"Starburns Studios" and this other kickstarter <url>"built". We are trying to promote how robust and flexible the Bukobots are so I think it'll help illustrate that with this little side project. Yeah, that's just one part... still got a few others I'm trying to deal with. There is even one case where the supplier sent me the wrong parts TWICE!, can you believe it? and I'm still waiting for them to correct it with the proper one... I didn't think it was going to be such a headache with vendors...except for Roy, he's really cool and we made some last minute tweaks that may have delayed things a bit, but you will be getting really awesome components because of it. I know, I know.. sorry, I was preparing the update this week but I got an email from MAKE magazine (<url>"Buko" model instead of the Bukito if you can. If you don't think you will upgrade to anything later, the Bukito is a wonderful way to get started with 3D printing. Also, I'm figuring out the details and will post an update later today about how much it would take to switch from an X1 (for all the single extruders kits) into an X3 controller that will be ready with the capabilities for a dual extruder if you decide to get one later. It will also have some extra benefits that I will explain later too. Thanks everyone for your patience and support, I am working hard for you guys to make sure you will all love the Bukobots! @Chris: Thanks for your support! The beams are 25mm (almost an inch) but I'll be posting all the details when I finalize the design of whole project. Each end of the synchrocable is crimped with common electrical terminals or clamped to an adjustable tensioner to make sure it's all tight. It's pretty simple stuff! @Brain: The only other option I know is polycarbonite. Here's a good test I've seen: <url>"8", the "Buko 8" it's mostly longer pieces of the frame, bigger platform and some minor hardware parts. Between the Single and Duo, the "Duo" has an extra extruder (motor,hot end..etc), bigger controller board, better power supply and a few longer parts to accomodate the extra width. Between Green and Vanilla, Vanilla has the heated platform (and extra wires, platform materials..etc), a little better power supply, and some extra minor parts. If you are concerned about the building of the machine, it's all models will require the same effort generally. @Michael: See this list: <url>"Bukobot Fly" airplane glider that I designed has showed up on the home page of "Instructable" website (<url>"Bukobot Fly": <url>"Buko" models (not Bukito) can be upgrade one way or another. I am still working out the details, but I should have upgrade kits figured out once I deliver this round of orders. If you will want to convert a "Mini" to "Duo" you will also need to expand the width a little to not lose build volume of course (as Frederik mentioned : ) ). I should have upgrade kits for these situations later. BUT...Although you can upgrade most things later, I do recommend everyone should get the best machine you can afford now because these prices are very special to Kickstarter backers and I can't promise they will be the same to upgrade later. For now, I am not changing the "Open" design because I believe it's one of the great features of the Bukobots. If anyone has experience with a "Box" 3D printer, you will understand the issues involved when things need to be adjusted or just reaching to get your 3D object off the platform, they are prone to make things a little more difficult that they should be in my opinion. @Frederik : Thank you so much for your helping other with some questions. This is what open source is all about. Sometimes a group of people can explain things better! @ Everyone : Again, thank you all for your excitement and support! I look forward to delivering the best 3D printers you can get! Thank you everyone for your support! We have crossed the 100% mark, the Bukobots will now become a reality for everyone! Thank you everyone for your great comments and suggestions! I've working hard this week doing some improvements and more prints to show. I'm also working on perfecting the new "Bukito" model so I can get some pictures done. I will be send out an update soon with some more cool stuff! Thanks for the support everyone! Thank you Frederik for your comment and support! I'm sure you will love your Bukobot! All complete kits will include about a pound of filament that will help you get started and print several things out. At the moment, I don't have the resources to buy filament in bulk so I wouldn't be able to offer any. If I find that the goal is passed by a lot, I will consider adding more to the kits. Buko is actually the name of one of my awesome dogs. We rescued 3 dogs and I love them so much, I decided to name this project after the biggest one. On the next update I'll try to remember to show a picture of Buko and family. He's a strong Lab - Mastiff mix that is very loving and gorgeous, which is kind of what the Bukobots aspire to be ; ) Robert, Thanks for your questions. Upgrading to dual extruder will also include some extra electronics and some other minor things, so having some models "dual extruder ready" will increase the price a bit and I wanted to keep the single extruder models at the lowest price possible. I might consider a "trade-up" program afterwards that maybe involves sending in your extra parts for some credit, especially for Backers. At the moment, getting a dual extruder model now will be more beneficial because I tried very hard to keep the prices as low as possible for a high quality machine. The main difference between the "Green" and "Vanilla" Bukobots are the heated platform (which uses extra components for support), and the possibly the power supply, but the rest is all the same, even the extruder. Unfortunately, the heated platform and power supply are one of the more expensive pieces so reducing those a little bit helps me offer the "Green" models at a lower cost without affecting the quality. July for the "Buko 8 Green" delivery is actually a mistake (thanks for catching that), it should have been August. I feel pretty confident on the delivery dates because I planned ahead on some things to try to make production more smoothly. I haven't done a project on Kickstarter before, so I hope everything is smooth when we reach the day, but I still added a few weeks of slack for the deliveries, so hopefully it should all be ok. As for shipping, I tried to find the best "middle ground" for all over the world, but if you are outside the US it just get very expensive. If you have special shipping requirements, email me privately with your location and I can see if I can accommodate your needs. Thank you Robert for your support. You had some excellent questions so I went ahead and added some more FAQ's on the main page, so check them out at the bottom! Hope they answer all your questions! Thank you again for your support. Hi Jose, Thank you for your comments. I appreciate everyones feedback. First of all, the Bukobots are ALL metric to start with, BUT it can be very easily adapted to imperial (SAE) if you wanted to with little effort. The main reasons I use metric are that it's available pretty much everywhere, even in the USA, and it helps with more precision in the calibration of the printer because most of the popular software uses metric values anyways. I'm not taking short cuts to make 3D printers super cheap at the cost of quality, I want to delivery a high quality printer that will be easy to build but without the stability issues when printing big objects or fast speeds. I also wanted to make a frame to handle dual extruders, which I believe the Bukobot 8 Duo might be the most affordable Dual Extruder out there. (Makerbot's Dual: $2,000(+ shipping) with 4,900cc build volume - Vs - Bukobot 8 Duo: $1300 (includes shipping) with 8,000cc build volume.) I am working on making things a little more "aesthetically pleasing" of course so I agree a little with you on that, but my photos are of prototypes so they are not as clean looking as I want them. I do have a Prusa Mendel and I didn't like how the wiring was either, but the Bukobots will definitely hide more wiring and look ten times better than a Prusa on your desk. The other 3D printers you mentioned are ALL copies of something (there's actually old CNC Machines that look just like the Makerbots, but bigger), and there are even more similar printers to that you haven't mentioned, but that's what open source is all about. In most cases, the "original" is absolutely not the best design you would want to use today. Technology advances fast. There are only about a dozen different layouts possible for a 3-axis "cartesian" style bot, and most of them would make no sense on a 3D printer (which needs a long, slow Z axis and fast, lightweight X and Y with the tool and workpiece + platform having very roughly the same mass), and all of these designs had been done before in other applications (CNC machines, lasercutters..etc) before anyone ever though of putting a thermoplastic extruder on one. So your example is like saying a BWM X5 is a copy of the Ford model-T and we should go back to the Ford Model-T. The basics will alway remain the same, but it's how you execute it that will give you a great machine and quality prints. I haven't been satisfied with current designs out there, so with Kickstarter, I will be ale to offer these printers and try to develop even better ones in the future. I am thinking of some new extruder designs for other materials in addition to other improvements too, but I need everyone's support. This 3D printing world is still young and there's room for improvement everywhere. I want to push the envelope to give everyone the best 3D printing experience possible without breaking the bank. Thank you for supporting innovation and open source projects! There are many open source "Host" programs to control the Bukobots. I'm probably going to be using "Repetier Host" (<url>" tall object ends up costing about $2.80 or less. Pretty much each plastic part of the Bukobots can be cloned (printed) for about $2 or less each, and if you want to sell them to friends/family, it's up to you (thanks to open source). You will definitely need a computer to print things, but nothing special, just a normal USB port. I have an old (6 years!) laptop I used to give demos and it works fine surprisingly. I'm sure most people have better machines than this. There are a several popular programs out there that are compatible to control the Bukobots. Currently my printers work with very generic "G-code", which is probably the most common language for 3D printers and CNC machines. I'm evaluating a couple apps, but the one I choose to use as a starting point will be easy to use, free and open source. Of course, since the boards are built around an open source platform (Arduino based) you can change the firmware and use other systems compatible with the board itself if you are a techie. I will post some more details in the coming days. I hope this helps answer a few of the questions for now.