Thanks Christine!! Yay Jessica!! Thank you so much, please spread the word! Everyone else, we're working our fingers to the bone to get your Cdocks in the mail asap!! Hey Michael, Ya we didn't see this one coming! :) We'll get everyone who backed for a five squared away. It will take us a couple days to figure out how to do that, but we'll take care of it. Hey David, We just had a meeting with the manufacturing and assembly team here in Portland. We should have some official timelines for you soon. Right now we are in the final stages of prototyping and testing! Vincent! Thanks for that great information!! What other apps have people found that they are looking forward to using with the c/dock?? We'll keep a list of your suggestions on our website! Harj, once we are able to negotiate a deal with the post office we will have final details on shipping. We're going to cover costs as best we can. We'll post an update when we know the deal for sure. Thanks everyone!! We're hard at work making plans for production and shipping! Thanks Michael!! Hugh, Sorry to say at this point we're not designing anything for phones with protective casing. There are just too many options to keep up with. But we think its worth slipping the bumper on and off! Hanna, absolutely you can have any version you would like! In about a week everyone who backs the project will receive a survey and they will be able to choose which versions of the c/dock they want within their reward level. So you'll be able to choose two brushed aluminum c/docks for iPhone 5 if you're at the double trouble level! Thanks. Thanks everyone! I'm excited too! Thanks Collin! I believe you are right! Here is what Kickstarter has to say: " Need info from your backers? Once your project is successfully funded, you can create surveys to request any info you need to deliver backers’ rewards, such as their mailing address or other details. " Hey Vincent, the app is called the Gorgy Timing Atomic Clock Collin, Randy: We haven't been through checkout before so I'm not totally sure what you're able to add. Do you know if there is a comments section? If there is, you could make a note there. That may be easier than adding more rewards sections for the various combinations. ie. I would like the Glossy Resin version for iPhone 4 and the Brushed Aluminum version for iPhone 5. Would that work? The c/dock is currently designed specifically for the iPhone 4. Assuming our Kickstarter campaign continues to go well, other versions are likely to follow - particularly a version for the iPhone 5. But we'll have to wait for Apple to release their secrets first! :) Thanks everyone! We're getting really close thanks to your help spreading the word!