Hi All @ Happy Thanks Giving! Yes, its took some time and us like you, we are all impatient to see this through. Back from Hong Kong, we will be sending an email update to backers briefly - here is the bottom line: We expect to ship product to you on tax day - April 15th. If you are a backer - a more detailed email will be shared with you shortly. @ Lawrence - you are making excellent points. Not sure our idea was using AR/VR glasses all day but rather as a new and exciting way to consume PoV content. Things we are thinking about as we march forward. Current focus is of course getting the cameras built and making the digital experience awesome. @Rich - you are right, we do need to fix that! Had our hands full but this is definitely on the To-Do list! @ Lawrence, imagine putting a pair of VR glasses on and seeing through the eyes of a reporter standing right now in New Orleans during hurricane Katrina for example. Or through the eyes of your 3 years old nephew on the other side of the country. You can even do it stereo with two cameras. I liked the 3D headphones thought because it adds to the reality of the feeling to be present somewhere else. @Nick Smith, send us a private message here on KS with any update changes - we will pick up the last update you made and reach out to confirm with you before we ship. Definitive schedule will be shared soon! @Lawrence Faulkner - I think its cool too. Will share with the team at iON to see if they have interest - this is a fascinating direction. How about VR glasses? @J & @VHF - strait answer: the specs for both in & out are not change from what we reviewed with you guys a year ago in backer updates. Ambarella A7LW processor for sure. Sensor is the Sony sensor we speced before. form factor etc - there are no planned changes. Justin, send us a message here on KS. We go through them all and update accordingly. J, what you will get is an aluminum bodied slick wearable camera that shoots 1080p video and runs the same Ambarella image processor that is used in many of the GoPro cameras - but at wearable size instead of mountable. Because I have been wearing Lightbox prototypes and recently the snapcam for a while now, I can say that its cool, you catch awesome moments you didn't before and you find there are lots of more specific use cases that really work better hands free. I will be honest with you and say that with just the camera, it still feels like not enough. The app and the cloud that ties in directly into the camera opens the door to many more experiences and working with iON's resources, we are very engaged in transforming the digital experience too. Going back to your question, what you are going to get is a wearable camera that extends into your phone and the cloud and let's you do really cool stuff you couldn't before. We will definitely share more as we build up. Brian, you will be getting a top of the line Ambarella image processor similar to some of the GoPros, with amazing low light performance and image quality. Packed in an aluminum body with magnetic clip and external battery attachment, it is the smallest live streaming device we know of and coupled with the new CATCH App we are putting together, it will make for an awesome user experience of hands-free capture and share. Lawrence, it will keep the size and stay waterproof like a ninja! Hi Mohammed, sorry its been so long. We did not raise an investment - instead we sold everything we built to a large company and as part of the payment they will be building and delivering us with cameras to ship to you which is what we set out to do. We have been given the opportunity to make good on our commitment here. Morning We will have another chat today for backers questions. <url>#18 to backers - check it out and please take a moment and complete the survey included. Hi guys! Its 2am and we are just off the phone with Hong Kong. We have an Update ready but we thought it might be a good idea to read it again in the morning... Coming right up! @ All: the last point we have not addressed is delivery dates. An update coming out in the next 24 hours to address dates and current status - where we are and what's to come. We are trying to provide that in a two-week frequency now and will address questions once the update is published. @YMe: many backers push for delivery and are happy with changes. Others disagree and push for features or design changes. Our job at the end is to balance and stay focused on what we committed to while doing the best we determine necessary to get product in your hands. One last point: when we accepted the upgrades near the end of the campaign, we did tell everyone that there is a product design change we will have to do to enable the upgrades to external battery, better field of view and based on community push - most importantly, doubling up memory to 16GB - all free for backers. That design change was to re-position the lens from the center to the edge. Holding both prototype and current design side by side, we actually like the result but if this is what makes Lightbox just not for you anymore, we respect that and will address refund requests when we are ready to ship. @ ArdRhi - we agree with every word you say :) For Lightbox, we may have made a mistake accepting the community push to implement stretch goals even though technically we did not have to - but our drive remains to build the BEST product we can. The changes the community (and you) are pushing for, per our last comment here below, do make sense and do not require us to re-design or slow us down and we do plan to implement these two points (see below). Otherwise, we do not add or make changes to features and our focus right now is exclusively on delivery. @Everybody: we are listening to your feedback and we value people being passionate about how this product functions. In that, we hear two key points that we agree with: 1) You said: remove the Lightbox branding element: we will keep the light bar at the front because we think it is important and difficult to resolve otherwise, especially for day-light feedback. However, we do agree and plan to A) REMOVE THE BRANDING from the front and B) USE A MORE SUBTLE COLOR so the bar looks much more subtle visually. 2) You said: don't use LEDs on the front - keep the camera discrete: we too believe that the non-obtrusive nature of the camera is really important. We plan to keep the visual feedback in place but WE WILL LET THE USER DECIDE IF YOU WANT TO USE IT OR NOT - you will BE ABLE TO SHUT DOWN LEDs while recording or snapping a picture by using camera settings on the mobile app. It will however let you know when you turn on the camera, shut it down and similar feedback that is both subtle and momentary in nature. Hey Everyone - we were away for a few days so getting right back here to comment: Starting with @ Lawrence Faulkner and @antonino schillaci: The Lightbox does support triggering by accelerator (motion) etc. Not all of it is exposed in the current mobile app but it is supported on the camera API. @TarioD - its a cool idea to swap the light bar but it will make the Lightbox not water proof. We do like your thinking of removing the branding element from it and making it more subtle and we appreciate you thinking and sharing ideas. @TarioD, @h5n1 & @ David McNicholl: We are not keeping this a secret - at the same time we are doing our best to avoid naming dates and keeping on pushing them, or at least to minimize that as much as we can. This is to say - we do not have a confirm shipping date yet. We are wrapping up tasks on our list and pushing forward but have no final confirmation on shipping date. We will update as soon as we have a firm commitment. @Gordon Tindall - we are big fans of Apple design and subtlety in general. Some user experience challenges in your example: what works well indoor is slightly more difficult outside with day-light. We have read significant user complaints from a couple action-camera products around tiny LEDs not being seen outside. @ArdRhi - you have a point! we are on the same page :) @J we will be in a position to address refund requests from backers when ready to ship and will share a policy then. @William, we are midst building those now. @jhaeh, the lanyard is there to secure the camera so you do not lose it @Everybody - we think one of the dominant themes many of your agree on is that you do not like the light-grey branding element on the black version. We are kind of slip on that one ourselves and will take a look at creating a version with a darker defuser bar if we can. We will share a rendering on our next update and checking to make sure we can "show" enough feedback but we are told it is possible. More on that when we get more facts. Reposting answers on the update comments here as it is applicable to several comments regarding LED control and Lightbar color. Hope this helps... "@JB and others asking about the LED's. You WILL have options settings in the control panel to turn LED's on/off and to control them based on usage. Eg. when charging to provide user feedback when the battery is full or still under charge. regarding light-bar color. the prototype bar is less of a white and more translucent silver. Silver accent worked well with the silver accents on the chamfer on side of camera. When we send out the survey we will have more photos for your review. Changing color is easy making it in different options may be more complicated. But we are not too late. Keep the comments coming!' Hello everyone, in between meeting in SFO but wanted to come back with quick comment. For those of you who have new color preference NO PROBLEM. Before we ship we intend to reach out to each and every backer confirming address, color, accessory, etc... We want you to be happy and get what you like. Appreciate all the comments and keep them coming. Just one more comment: @Lawrence Faulkner, we really like the idea of switchable faceplates! More tomorrow! Hi guys, Thank you for the support and thank you for the criticism just as well! Your thoughts are amazingly helpful and we really are thankful for your involvement and for taking the time! We plan to address every comment separately but for tonight we only wanted to make sure you all noticed a new update was posted. Like the last one, it is for backers only and we hope it helps further the discussion here. Check it out and we'll be back in tomorrow to answer more questions and share thoughts. Good Night from San Francisco and Good Morning to China! The CA7CH Team. Hi Guys, Some of you are very aggressive about the LEDs under the faceplate: well, we do need to provide you with some visual feedback on the camera so you know it is charging, looking for your phone to connect and other similar situations. That, separately from having an LED cluster always shinning while you are not using the camera or even when shooting video. The good news is that these situations do not have LEDs on. Unlike with our current test built (which you saw on the video), the LEDs only shine when important user feedback is required. We think another source of concern for you is due to the fact we did not show you a clean picture of the camera yet - LEDs shinning at very close range to a video camera capture create an aura of light that hides the beautiful and clean face plate (its like posting a camera at the sun). Since we did not use professional video equipment, the result is a little misleading compared to how it looks in reality. Some backers may still not like-it but at the very least, you have had a chance to see the new design before you trashed it. We will post some beauty pictures in our next backer-only update next week and we welcome the feedback - preferably constructive but angry and upset is also welcome and is helpful in our refinement of product and functionality. To make sure we capture the thoughts of all of you, we will include a feedback survey with the next update to help us collect your thoughts and we will be grateful if you took a few minutes and participated. Meanwhile, we want to share some more pics snapped with Lightbox during the holiday season - check out our latest blog post here: <url>~500mAh of power power which will double the Lightbox capacity. @ Ken Lee - Thank you for the comment! By placing the memory on the board, we've been able to close and seal the case - a design objective for us. Perhaps in the future will look at micro SD options. @ Seth - We set up the survey so that you can change your shipping address in the future for just this reason. You'll be able to update the address after you move if you like. @ Alexander Ghaffari - You should now be able to select KS Green on the order form. @ Chiman Choi - Yes, Lightbox comes with a battery, the survey is asking about the backpack battery that you would have ordered form our website. Sorry for the confusion! @ Mohammed, you can certainly play water polo with Lightbox but it was not designed as an underwater camera so diving with it is something we can not guaranty and we can not talk of underwater video quality either. Our friends at GoPro did a complete re-design in their version 3 to improve underwater performance and the Hero 3 is an awesome product for that. We might look into it one day but for now, we are focused on making Lightbox an amazing wearable camera experience for everyday fun. @ Nim - Thanks for the question, it's has been asked but happy to answer. The coating will protect against submersion, but Lightbox is not designed to be used as a dive camera. The battery pack will not have the same level of water protection. @ Jonathan, yes we are definitely planning on providing an helmet mounting accessory. We are still working on designs and have not announced release dates just yet but we are forecasting January next year at the latest - a couple month after the cameras are shipped to you. THE CA7CH TEAM @ Angelo, we can not take additional orders here at Kickstarter now that the campaign has finished. Please write us at <email> and we will be happy to help. What we can do is give you the $149/Lightbox package via the pre-order process on www.ca7ch.com Drop us an email and we will provide instructions. THE CA7CH TEAM @ Clamgoh - you will be able to select colors when we share the Kickstarter survey - it is coming shortly. We sent the coupon on a Backer-Only Update. You should have received it in an email from Kickstarter but you can find it in the Updates section above. We hope that helps! @ Angelo - Thank you for the input on the design. @ Antonino - We will be send a survey to all of our backers in the next week. You'll be able to choose the color in the survey. Thanks- Hey Everyone, We just added a new post to our blog at <url>#6 and be positive - you are every likely to get it. In fact, we are already at work but we also want to make sure that anything we tell you here is solid. We are aiming at doing both goals and we want to make sure we can do everything on time! @ Everyone, we uploaded a couple of videos we did earlier. This is shot with 720p @ 5MP settings. It is also not using the new Ambarella processor but it can give you a little bit of a feel to how pov video feels like. We will share new video clips using full 1080p @ 8mp, greater fov and so much better sharpness when we finish working the production units. We plan to ship 100 of them to lucky testers by mid-September so send us a message if you have a cool idea of how you would use it and are willing to share your stories. Meanwhile, check these out: <url>#6 - we will be doing stretch goal 2 (batery pack) and very likely stretch goal 1 (storage). More updates coming soon! Everybody - you have been awesome and we want to thank you so much for deciding to take part in brining Lightbox to life. You could wait for Lightbox to be commercially available but you decided to back our project now and that means the world to us. Without you we could have never made it. We will post an additional update today but please check out our last update for details on Stretch Goals - and Yes, we plan to do everything we can to give back to you! More updates soon! The CA7CH Team @ Ben, it's great to meet you - you have a cool product. We met some of your guys in China - email us if you want to connect. @ James - go to Me Events, choose the event you want and then swipe it to the left. Tapping on each picture or video allows you do delete. @ Mohammad - so sorry but we are not ready just yet. We will continue to post updates here and share videos with you. @ Mohammed, we are working to put a demo together for you guys but we can't guaranty we will finish in the next 13 hours. You have been so great and provided so much valuable feedback that we really hope you will stay with us but if you need to see the production camera in action than we completely understand. @ Filipe, it holds well in everyday kind of settings and its ok to dance with and even jumping is cool. We didn't test it in extreme sport situations but we do wear them all day. @ Gordon, f2.4 aperture @ Roderick - we hear you. You have sample video from the prototype Lightbox and we hope to give you final production camera samples as soon as we can. Trying to do that in the next few hours because you guys asked us to. @ Claude - you clearly like us otherwise you wouldn't back the project and reading all your comments you seem to be furious with us for every reason possible, immediately after pledging. And we are saying this with love because you push us to be the best we can. Delivering on time is super important for us - because we promised and because we need to hit the holiday season for our go-to-market. We plan on selling many many more Lightboxes. That said, you should read the Risk factors section of the kickstarter page and understand that as with any other kickstarter project - there are risks. You are helping us bring a new product to life which is what makes the Kickstarter community so amazing and if this is not something you want to take part of, we will love to notify you when you can just buy Lightbox in our online store. Since we love you - you are officially invited to our launch party and we will send you an invitation email when we are ready to go. The CA7CH Team @ Robert, we agree! The big challenge with the "fish-eye" lenses is their size and we want to keep Lightbox beautiful and cool to wear so you can have it with you all the time. That said, there are new camera modules, just hitting the market, that do great in a very small size and just might work. We are looking at them right now and have already increased the view angle from 70 to 80 degrees. We think we can do better and we are careful in saying that because keeping delivery schedules is critical for us. @ Marco - sorry, one of us played with the span button and clicked it by mistake. We already notified KS. They explained that no implications. Sorry again. @ Roman - we know what you mean but it is our butt on the line ;) Kickstarter is just the beginning and we are racing forward to be able to fulfill orders for the holiday season so much at stake. We plan to deliver on our promises! @ Claude, we don't know how it was for your meMini Kickstarter, but all of our friends and family supported us and we are grateful you guys! Don't be mean - its ok to complete and we love your product - we are building an amazing new category for cameras together! By the way, we are using the one of GoPro's manufacturers - this guys are the best in the industry and while you havn't backed us yet - we are sure you would love Lightbox! @Filipe, Roman & Mohammad - we are not ignoring you! As we updated previously, we upgraded the video core from Broadcom to Ambarella - that's turbo super better quality in all aspects (white balance, dark-settings performance and more). We were slow to upload sample videos because we want to show you the final performance and this is being worked right now - almost out of the oven! The Lightbox prototype video you saw on our KS Video is done with the prototype platform - if you that's helpful, we can upload the original videos we shot one by one. We understand the pressure and doing everything we can to make it happen before this campaign ends! @ Gordon - looks like 1mm thiner but not much more than that. We are using every free square inch to pack more battery power @ Nikko - that's a good one! Right now, no - you are limited to one Lightbox but this is not a technology limitation. The platform supports multiple cameras - we just didn't have a chance to implement it yet and YES - we want to! @ Robert Corkum - Thank you! We have a great community of backers that have really engaged with us! A few answers- 1) The answer is yes, the clip can be used as both a magnetic mount and with the mechanical clip (like a iPod nano). Future designed items will be dual purpose in that you always be able to charge AND mount. 2) Thank you for the input! 3) Unfortunately no, we don't have a speaker. There is a buzzer for user feedback. @ Magestik - Yes, Lightbox has a external connector that will allow you to charge/power while in use. Video looping has been requested by several backers and we are going to support this. @ Dave C L - No, Lightbox does not have night vision capabilities. @ Everybody: You have been Awesome! Your feedback and support are so encouraging! Our team in China is working to implement a lot of your feedback - Stretch Goals or not, we want you to have the BEST product we can possibly give you! For that, we are cooking some surprises! A spoiler - there will be a battery pack built! And more... Hang on tight - we will release an update with news later tonight or tomorrow morning, as soon as we have confirmation from our manufacturers. @ Filipe, Claude Deputy is associated with meMini - another camera project. He never really backed us - just lurking in the shadows trying to damage. Why, we have no idea but he is on a mission. You can check out his profile by clicking on his name. @ Filipe Kalicki - We'll be providing an update with some additional information later this evening. Stay tuned. @Jheah - All kickstarter backers will receive the same warranty as if the you purchased the camera in a retail store (1 year of coverage)! @ Gordon Tindall - Yes, the flash is on the front just above the camera lens. @ Mohammed Issa- We didn't miss your questions and thank you for following up! Yes, we will be releasing a web UI next year and with regard to G-Drive/Dropbox, we plan to implement by the time Lightbox ships. @ Gordon Tindall - Thank you for backing us! A few answers. 1) The LED and actually on the side of Lightbox. 2) We are tagging images with GPS data from your phone. A GPS is a relatively power hungry chip and we believe that using the phone GPS is a natural alternative because Lightbox is tethered to the phone. 3) Thank you for the input regarding case modification - we have received allot of feedback and we will consider all. @ Roman - We will be posting an update tomorrow afternoon. @ Seth - Unfortunately no! @ FLCL - First, you made us aware of a major BUG - on our website, terms of use where switched under the privacy statement and vice versa. Sorry for that, its being fixed right now. This section is intended to protect other users from people sharing obscene, criminal or other content that is simply unacceptable to any reasonable person and as such we have to reserve the right to inspect such content and if necessary delete such content. In that sense this is no different from other sharing platforms and we have to stress, those are terms of use, not privacy policy. That said, we do take every comment we receive seriously and we will review the Terms of Use again to make sure the lawyers have drafted language in such a way that does not infringe our user's right to ABSOLUTE privacy. @ Giovanni Rodriguez - Our apologies for the slow replies, we are currently in Las Vegas pitching at the SXSW V2V event which, so if any of our backers are here- please say hi! Your question is how water proof is Lightbox- it will survive being submerged under water, but it is not designed/optimized for use underwater in application like diving. @ Jordan Booth - Thank you for the question! We are currently supporting iOS 6 and up and Android 3.0 and up. An iPhone 4 will work just fine. @ Giovanni - Yes, you can delete images from the cloud via the phone application. @ Rina - We are evaluating how to make the memory and battery available. We'll provide an update next week. @ David Duncan - We have gotten a lot of great feed back and we really appreciate it, it is amazingly helpful. We do have the ability to set the picture capture interval (at set time intervals i.e. every 30 sec, 1 minute, 5 minute, etc.) just not at random intervals - an interesting idea! @ Carlos Poon - The back of Lightbox has a square protrusion that the clip aligns with. This not only helps the clip stay in place and prevent the camera from rotating, it allows you to easily attach it to Lightbox at 90 degree intervals (so yes, you can take portrait, landscape). @ Colby - Yes, bummer from our perspective as well! Hoping you have an amazing trip- @ Jacky - Yes, you can shoot short 12 second clips OR normal HD video of any length. @ thwip - At the end of the campaign we will send you a survey where you'll you be able to specify the color of each camera. @ ClouD-LCY - This is a great question and we don't have a ready answer! The battery life recording audio will be a long time (hours) and I'll update you with a firm time shortly once the engineers confirm. We do not have a mode to record audio AND take snaps. @ Rahim - You can absolutely shoot video longer than 12 seconds. You can shoot in two mode- clip mode w/ 12 second videos or regular video for any length of time. Hope this helps! @ M3Publico + Tcrew + Mohammed - Thank you for the input, we will evaluate options... @ Alan Sharman - Thank you for backing our project! We have received many requests for a lanyard from our backers and we are working on modifying the Lightbox case to allow for a lanyard attachment in the initial release. Will keep you all posted on progress! @ Khadijah - Each Lightbox is packaged individually! @ Second Guess- Currently Lightbox and the application are designed to work with our cloud service. You'll be able to save images and video to your phones memory via the camera roll, and from there you can store them elsewhere. We've had a number of requests for support with 3rd party cloud services (dropbox and others) which makes alot of sense to us, so we are looking at options for enabling support from the application. @ Sasidhar Kuchimanchi - Thank you for backing us! We want to provide images using the final production configuration that is being finalized now in China w/our engineers (for production we're shifting to Ambarella silicon). We should have additional image samples soon and we'll share them right away. @ kokobin and Antonio Schillaci - One of our co-founders has a young one, the baby monitor idea was one of our early use case discussions. We've got a number of thoughts on how to leverage motion, light, sound and even image analysis to enable different use cases. -Love the feedback. @ Parnian - Thank you for backing us! Check your messages for our reply. @ Tcrew - Thank you for backing us! @ Faisal Buafra - Yes, the Android application will be available shortly. We'll let you know when it hits the Google Play store. @ Andy Lauw - Glad you found it, and sorry for the difficulty! According to the settings for the app, it should be in the Australian store (we are in all Apple geographies). We will look into this a bit more. @ kokobin - We want it to make it easy for the wearer to know that Lightbox is on and taking pictures, so we've placed LEDs in a way that make them visible to the wearer and others. Even with LED indicators though, your idea is a good one - a simple way to make sure your not shooting in an awkward situation. @Andy Lauw: Try searching for "ca7ch" from iTunes on your phone, our app should be the first on the list. @ Colby Wallace- Thank you for the app feedback. Please check you messages, I'm sending you a quick note! @ Filipe Kalicki - YES! YES! YES! Let's unlock the stretch goals! If you haven't yet shared the project with your friends, family, colleagues please do so. @ Gideon Low - I don't know the answer to that, however, I'm order a set to test and we will let you know the results! They look like a cool accessory. @ Antonino - First, thank you for supporting us! Second, yes- adding the $15 to the order for shipping is the correct thing to do. At the end of the campaign you will receive a survey and at that point, you'll have the opportunity to specify the color. Again, thanks! @ Randy - We are very thankful for the amazing support of all of our backers! We've also set up two amazing stretch goals that will add tremendous value for all of our backers. Jump in! You'll love the product and we would love to have you~ @ Patrick Delaney - Thank you for your support! @ Patrick - thanks for backing Lightbox! For your use case, will you be satisfied with a lower resolution capture or do you want to always use 1080p when looping? @ JB - Please check your messages. Thanks! @ Binh Quang - The storage on Lightbox is to both provide a buffer while syncing with the phone and to enable it to be used when it's disconnected from the phone. The UI for Lightbox is our CA7CH application. The app is where you can edit, delete, share and manage your images. Thank you for the question! @ Gideon Low - My apologies for missing your original question. Are your referring to the Photojojo lenses? @ kokobin - Love this question. As you know Lightbox does not have a GPS onboard, so no help there (and we prefer not to track your every move). We are looking at ways to generate and alert on the phone if the connection to Lightbox is lost (as would happen if you dropped it or set it down and walked away). This would alert the owner that something is amiss. @ Rebecca Flowers - Thank you very much for backing us! We are enhancing our application to enable you to store your media to your phone camera roll as well as the cloud and this should enable you to use it with Sherlybox (the'll need to release a mobile client). With regard to the additional battery pack, it is a separate accessory that is held in place via the magnet and yes you will be able to purchase it. Currently the internal battery is not replaceable but it's good for about 1000 charging cycles, so your estimate of 3 years is likely not far off. @ ooxxchu - I've sent you a message to discuss how to adjust your pledge! @ Mohammed Issa – We didn’t miss it, it’s a very good question and a little conferring with our engineers is in order. To clarify a bit, Lightbox does not have a traditional sleep/standby mode where the user can quickly wake the device. Instead, once Lightbox is turned on and connected to the users phone, we maintain the connection in a very power efficient mode so that Lightbox can quickly respond to commands to capture and move media to the app. In this mode, Lightbox is design to last for a full day of use. This is the mode we were refereeing to in the previous response. Of course if Lightbox is switched off the charge will last much longer. And, there may be a opportunity to create a "sleep" type profile for Lightbox in the future. @ Henry - Yes, the camera can be used while charging. @ Mike Morrison - We agree with regard to the lanyard, we've had a lot of interest. The magnet certainly won't prevent us from coming up with a clever lanyard attachment. @ Alex Livshitz - Yes, the device will work with the new iPhone 6. @ Tom Hooper - Actually I don't think it has been asked. Standby time is at least 24 hours. @ Enrico, we received multiple requests for a tripod and we are definitely planning on providing a mounting option like that! @kokobin - Will consider, thanks. @ Jonathon - Thank you! @Mohammed, we never heard of these guys before but we will definitely look into this when they become commercial. We can not promise we will be able to hook up every single service out there but we sure will try to add the best and coolest as fast as we can and we are saying that with one key goal in mind - to make sure you have your Lightbox on time, as promised! James, we are fans of our backers more than anything else! Android app is in testing right now and we expect to release it in the next couple weeks! @ Mohammed - Thank you for the comment! I think a few points are important to point out. First, we (the creators) do not have access to your passwords. Second, we do retain the right to manage the cloud service within our stated privacy policy and terms of service (you can review these here: <url>#2. You can see the back of the case and the clip. As a cyclist myself, mounting to a bike is high on my list as well. @ Daniel - We are using the A7LW. This is latest SOC focused on the the wearables market. Our focus is on delivering the best user experience possible and to do so, we need to most efficient technology. @ Brenda Bott - Thank you for backing us! @ Niranjan, many many differences, from the plastic design in the video you sent vs. the high-quality Aluminum used to build Lightbox through the fact that this camera is off-line (you need a USB cable to download pictures from it), does not shoot video, no sharing, only a 4-years/old 5mp imager vs. the top notch 8mp Sony imager and the Ambarella chip used in Lightbox. To summarize, the video you sent is an example of an early iteration on a Life-Logger camera that went to market 2-years ago. We want Lightbox camera to be your perfect smart-phone accessory, packing pro-camera features in a beautiful, small and wearable design - one that removes all boundaries. We hope we did a good job! @ Roderick, the lens is fixed focus which we find provides the best results on the fly. + @David Lum, we'll go out and get some cool new video for you guys to check out! @ Jim Mayeda - Absolutely agree, if you could wear the camera like a pair of eyeglasses you would get the best possible POV, but you would also lose the opportunity to mount the camera to a stick, the dog, you young soccer player, or under a drone. So the compromise is to address the awkward angles via flexible clip design that enables you to adjust the angle of the camera to approximate a proper POV. This is approach we are taking. There is much for us to learn as your point is very valid. @ Andy Medina - As of today no, but technically it could be done. Remember that in addition to the buttons on Lightbox, you have complete control of Lightbox from your phone. @ Niranjan, there is Google Glass but we are partial to the headwear ourselves and think its way cooler if you can use different perspectives freely by just clipping the camera just about anywhere. @ Dan Callan - Yes, you absolutely can shoot videos linger then 15 seconds. There are two video settings, short video (12 second snippets) and standard video (as long as you like). @ Doktor Jones - Thank you for backing! The idea of an adapter for a standard tripod is a good one - particularly small ones that fit in your pocket like the GPod. @ kokobin, you have a point. We also see interesting opportunities to use the center of the front "surface" for other things we are not ready to talk about yet. The magic of 120 deg lenses (and there are now 135 ones too) still is physical - and there are new developments in the field so hopefully we can come back with good news on fov but its not too bad with the "iphone" type lens too. Not action-sports optimal we agree. @ Claude the PCB board must be smaller than 38mm otherwise it wouldn't fit in the case. It is exactly 35mm square. Thank you for increasing your pledge and for backing Lightbox! We know you will love your camera. @ Roman - that will require some magic but it happens to be that is exactly what we are good at :) There are some new modules getting to market with little form-factor impact - we are working on making it possible. @ Roman - We don't have a specific accessory like that on the roadmap, but the beauty of our magnetic mounting approach is that it allows us and you to be very creative how you mount or attach Lightbox to other accessories. @ Claude Deputy - Thank you for the input. @ Ingo - We are on the same page - the wider the view angle, the more reality that fits in to the video or image. At the same time, we want to make sure Lightbox remains beautiful, small and useable for you everyday. We dislike the fish-eye accessories because they yield low quality and are bulky to wear. We are looking at some of the newest tech out there and have a coupe promising directions - however, we can not make a promise for a 140 deg. lens just yet... More to come! @ Kevene, Thanks for backing Lightbox! We like the tripod and the gooseneck idea too. We are planning on releasing an adjustable table top and wall-mount stand for Lightbox - both will also allow you to plug the camera in to power it up. @ Alan LAU - This is a great point. You can't adjust the lens directly, but you can adjust the mount/clip and this is the approach we are exploring. @ Mohammed Issa - We like the idea of provide a few click-on lens accessories - lenses in particular. @ Yun Ki Lee - Yes, Lightbox has image stabilization and we are utilizing the onboard sensors (accelerometer) to optimize the timing of image capture, however, there are limits and you're probable correct about running around. @ kokobin and @ Mohammed Issa - Great set of ideas for mounts/adapters. As we said earlier, we are exploring a wide variety of mounts and adapters will take your input into consideration as we continue the design/mfg. process. @kokobin - We love the idea of skins, they make perfect sense to add a bit of personality to Lightbox. @ Mohammed, Thanks you! Proud to have hit $150,000 - you guys are awesome. 27 backers short of a THOUSAND so keep up the support!! To answer your questions - some backers have already asked for and we are looking into providing G-Drive & Dropbox integration on the backend. Technically, this should be rather simple. Regarding privacy, you have complete privacy other than for those images you shared on CA7CH, in which case we might inspect images if claims are made by other users for inappropriate content being published, not unlike any other publicly available service. @ kokobin, Thanks for backing Lightbox! We have been hoping for accessory questions :) YES, we are working a bunch of accessory options. They all have 1 thing in common - you magnetically snap the camera on them. There will be table-top and wall mounts with optional power line connector. We are also working out other wearable and vehicle type mount options - and would love to hear your ideas!! @ Binh, we are certainly planning on having Lightbox in your hands well before Christmas. There are always risks involved but at the moment we are already engaging our partners in China and currently see no setbacks or reasons for any concerns. Check out the schedule & risks on our Kickstarter page for more details. Thanks for backing Lightbox!! @ Mark, yes, an Android app will be available shortly - you can even use it with your phone's camera so look out to our update email and check it out! @ Dodaly, it will be 10X better than GoPro because Lightbox is way smaller, cooler to wear and works with your smartphone so you are always connected and can share in real-time! @ Simon, Thank You!! @ kokobin - Thanks for supporting CA7CH! Yes, media is timed & stamped. Geotagged when downloaded to the Smart Phone. You can manually edit location in the app at the event level and select your own text. @ Marco Janssen - Thank you! We've been working hard to create something special. There are two ways you can delete images in the app 1) by sliding the image to the left from the image viewer (just tap a picture in the event and you'll go to the viewer), and 2) slide the event to the left and you'll access the event editor- where you can delete pictures by simply tapping on the image. We've hidden a few of the Lightbox settings until Lightbox is ready to ship, but the specific setting you're asking about is on the event creation and the camera settings screens. @James Lidsay - Currently we don't have a setting for capturing video without sound, but this is an interesting idea. @ Claude Deputy - Streaming will only work via our cloud service. @ Janes Lindsey - we didn't think about soundless video - cool idea! @ Marco Thank you! You can set intervals in Creat Event on the app. You am delete pictures in View-Event then just swipe across a photo and chose to delete it or set it as theme photo for your event album. @ Kokobin - Sure, the app lets you set time intervals! Lightbox also has a Burst mode where it will snap 2 pics a second for 5-9-12 seconds and save them as an animated gif for you to share! @ Second Guess, We are looking into additional storage but we also have to keep the balance of design and size so Lightbox is fun to wear and use, no straps and mounting gear. About streaming, we offer developers access to our api so many people can build their own apps and widgets and make up cool new ideas. About colors, you tell us, what would be your favorite color? @ FLCL - yes, AES is the encryption standard used. @ KICKSTARTERS - KEEP THOSE COMMENTS COMING!! WE LEARN A LOT FROM YOUR FEEDBACK AND IDEAS SO HIT US WITH SOME MORE. @ Claude - hit us up with more, we learn from your questions so challenge us! @ James Lindsay - no damage to mic from the noise, guarantied. Thanks for backing Lightbox! @ FLCL - let us know if you want more technical data about cloud encryption standards and we'll be happy to dive deeper! @ Rina - thanks for supporting Lihhtbox and for sharing your thoughts - everybody - those comments are a tremendous help in making Lightbox better! Yes, cloud storage is part of our streaming infrastructure. Everything streamed is also stored as a video file in the cloud so people can ca7ch up with your video updates later too. Upgrades - yes, we are working it too! @ Jim Mayeda - thanks for your support! When the campaign ends, all backers will receive a survey through Kickstarter - you will be able to chose your Lihhtbox color, make updates to your shipping address and leave us any other comments or instructions! @ Gideon - we hear you!! Thanks go supporting us. P.S when not streaming, video recording time just about doubles but we are working hard to extend bat. Life without making Lightbox too huge to wear! Stay tuned... @FLCL Thanks for backing Lightbox! You asked about security. CA7CH is using the Amazon Cloud infrastructure and thus we enjoy the top standards of hosting security in the market. Your user data is encrypted and secured!! @ David Duncan - Great idea and in fact we are looking at a number of options for adjusting and/or swiveling the base. @ Filipe - Initially we'll use them for optimizing image and video quality - in the future, I'm sure we'll find some clever uses! @ Second Guess, Thanks for backing Lightbox! Our cloud service provides streaming free of change. We will be offering additional storage services but we can not release final pricing yet. It will start at $1.99 / month and scale up to $9.99 at the top end. Q Enrico, the Lightbox can work completely stand-alone, without the smartphone. You can use the 3-function button on the camera to snap pictures, capture video or audio. The Lightbox will download all its media to the app as soon as you re-sync it with your phone. @ Eric - You are right both times. Our prototype Lightbox has a micro-usb port because we wanted to make it easy for testing. The production version will have surface contacts on the back. Those magnetically attached to your charging cable, will work with other charging accessories like wall-mounts and also be used by the extended battery pack. And yes, you can jump into the pool with your Lightbox. Thanks for backing us! Hi @Enrico C. and sorry for the delay in this response. Thanks for backing us! Using the CA7CH mobile app, you can set the camera to snap pictures in set intervals (min 1 sec) for a duration you define. You can also use BURST mode, that will trigger the camera to snap 2 pictures per second for 5,9 or 12 seconds, saving the output as a cool animated gif - a picture, with motion. Hi @ John Kincaid - Unfortunately no, LED can not be disabled. It's also not too prominent or intrucive too @ Rekka Low - Thanks for backing Lightbox! Not leaving Android too far behind: iOS is out, Android app is in QA, should be release in the next few weeks! KICKSTARTERS, THANK YOU AGAIN FOR THE SWEEPING SUPPORT! WE HAVE JUST POSTED AN UPDATE WITH OUR FIRST TWO STRETCH GOALS - CHECK IT OUT: <url>"automatic" settings, but initially we'll be keeping it simple. We are looking towards implementing settings to allow you to delete completely black or blurred images, correct red eye, or apply filters. In any case, these settings will be available to you so that you can turn them on/off as you see fit. Both the camera and the application support off-line operation and they sync automatically once connectivity is re-established and we make sure not to lose your stuff if connectivity goes away in the middle of the data transfer process. Finally, you'll be able to see the battery status of the camera on you phone, so you can decide when to change or recharge the battery. @ Filipe, problem is, people run, jump and shake regularly... Maybe a challenge? We have a gyro and 7-axis accelerometer so no prob to implement technically... Cool thought - them coming!! @Filipe - Cloud currently accepts only FB/TWT/YouTube, Insta etc... - We plan on exposing additional APIs and so 1)Thanks for the feedback - we love some of the ideas people have been sharing and 2) We'll definitely plan to include DropBox and GDrive at least - it makes perfect sense and not hard to do! @Filipe - Thanks! We Agree! @ Ruben Sanchez - Yes it can. The camera captures media locally (comes with an 8GB memory, like your basic iPhone) and then off-loads it to a cloud storage as soon as its connected via the phone or WiFi. And Yes again - you can set the camera to snap pictures, record audio, take 12 second videos or even save a GIF with a burst every X seconds. You can even tell it to stop after some time elapsed - You have full control! Hi Filipe, thanks for backing Lightbox!! The first prototype we built was based on the PI - you have a good eye there! We designed it to proof of concept design and as a fast way to build the linux side of the code. For the second prototype and for production (we are already working with manufacturing partners in Asia to make sure we meet our deadlines), we shifted the design to the Ambarella silicon. We found it to be superior to other platforms in the market in almost every possible category and the support we have been receiving from the Ambarella team has just been amazing! Hey Guys! @Claude Deputy and others have asked for a better image of the back of the camera - we just posted an update with a couple pictures of Lightbox and its clip mount! @Filipe Kalicki - We hear you! working it through battery accessory to add more juice on the go! @Wei Ye - Lightbox was nano-coated to waterproof the camera. It can go for a swim, but you can't deep-dive with it on a Caribbean excavation. All- The FAQ is now up with additional info! @ Wei Ye - Yes, users will be able to add cloud storage as needed! @ Claude Deputy, You are right, memory is not removable. We made it that way because we wanted to keep the camera beautiful, water resistant and small. We also figured that 8GB is actually plenty - about an hour in full HD. The Lightbox uses the cloud for storage too and clears local memory as soon as images are downloaded to the cloud. We love your feedback so please keep it coming - its the stuff we need to refine features - if you want more memory in, please let us know! @Wei Ye - yes but instead of packing a GPS in the camera, we are using the Smart-Phone's GPS and / or WiFi based location. We found that indoor use is common (where GPS does no good vs. WiFi based location) and decided to use battery life for video instead. @ M3Publico - better than USB - to keep the Lightbox sexy we included a surface contact for charging and attaching external batteries. An adapter to USB will be included in the box. With your support we can build an external battery accessory faster so please back us today!! Thank you ALL for the support! We will be posting a FAQ later today with additional details- keep and Eye out for that. @Claude Deputy - The Lightbox does pictures, short (12-sec) videos AND full HD video recording (no time limit). Battery life supports 1,000 pics, 200 short videos or 30mins of HD video PLUS live streaming them (no live stream doubles battery life). For users wanting a small-connected Go-Pro, we will be releasing a magnetic clip that houses additional battery power to guys you guys more juice!!