Hi All, Thanks for the notes, and for our international backers please accept our apologies for the delay. We've shipped out a little more than half of the international rewards - still working on the other half, hope to get these shipped out ASAP. Working hard to get these out soon - thanks again for your support and understanding. Hi Jeff! Glad to hear you're charging away. We modeled the handle after cooking pots and pans - squeeze the sides of the handle toward one another then rotate down to close. Charge on! Units are shipping:) Shipping is still scheduled to start this week. We are really excited for our supporters to start receiving the Candle Chargers. Hi Peter! We're shipping all Candle Charger rewards with a Stower Candle. Any candle will work, and there are a few other candles and chafing fuels that can provide the 6 hr burn time. Do NOT use gasoline - dangerous stuff. Hi Todd! Started sending out surveys this week - you should get yours in the coming days. Exciting times, looking forward to getting you all FIRED UP and charged up soon! Shipping starts in about two weeks! Most have been built - we're waiting on a couple pieces to be finished before assembly of the last ones, then we ship 'em. We will send out our survey for shipping information next week. Hope everyone had a great holiday - heres to a charged up 2016! Thanks for the encouragement, Jon! Starting our build now (hooray!) hope to start shipping these puppies out at the end of the month. Good question, Jon! Any small flame will do - candles, cooking fires, small campfires. Pretty versatile. Great idea, Richard! Will perform and post the demo early next week. In our tests with the 4 and 5, we see a charge rate of 600 mA at peak and >400 mA over time. Thanks for the support, SkwrHdz! Yes, the cable is heat resistant up to well over 150 C. You will want to avoid direct contact between the cable and open flame, but the Candle Charger works great over small cooking fires as well as candles. And the P.O.P Kit comes with two candles - up to 12 hours of USB power! Hey Hewster! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Yes, other products use thermoelectrics - the technology has actually been around for years in car seat warmers, refrigerators, incubators, etc. Only recently have they started to make sense for power generation - mobile phones, extremely powerful machines, only need a couple watts to charge! The Candle Charger is the first of its kind designed to work indoors - thats a big deal. By being able to work over candles and fuel canisters the Candle Charger generates reliable, safe USB power indoors during outages. We're also able to deliver best in class efficiency with our thermal design and power management strategy - we're unique in that we directly charge smartphones rather than external battery banks (we charge those too!) Hope that answers your questions - would love to have your support and get you charged! Brian, you rule! Good question, Niels! We're laser focused on making the Candle Charger as efficient as possible and getting it into production. That being said, we're also still toying around with designs for a refillable canister, going MacGuyver on the candles we're using to see what we can do. Would love to see/hear your thoughts on this! A refillable candle is definitely interesting, and could be a great product on its own for camping. Thanks. Hi Hewster! First, thanks for your interest in the Candle Charger and for your early support. Yes, the Candle Charger works with other fire types, like other candles, stovetops, etc. But above everything, we wanted to build something safe and effective for generating power indoors during power outages - the design and efficiency of the Candle Charger does just that. Its also small and lightweight for camping! Hi Pete! Thanks so much for the interest in the Candle Charger! Yes, you can buy two - just double your pledge amount and we will make it happen. Hi Andrew - thanks for your support and the great question! We built and optimized the Candle Charger around commonly available fuel canisters, but yes it will work with other candles and fire types (small wood fires, cooking fires, etc). Working on a refillable canister design to use safely with commonly available kitchen oils - will send an update on this!