Thanks for the positivity from everyone! Quick update - I will be getting a full refund on the production, so all we're out is the time. More to come as I start this process over again! Just waiting on the slow boat from China! next week was the earliest I was told to expect them. I'll have photos of the samples up in a few days - unfortunately, I'm on a trip out of town for "the day job" right now. But to try to answer questions about how they all mate up: -The Card Caddies have a "female" groove on both sides, the Connectors have "male" ridges on both sides and the Storage Boxes are Male on top and have the female groove on the bottom. So you could have something like this (top to bottom): Card Caddy Single +Connector + Card Caddy Double + Storage Box + Connector + another Card Caddy That may start getting unwieldy getting so tall - I have been looking at ways to join items side-to-side, too, so we'll see.... @Dzero - regarding the mold for the Single Decker, I would like to have consistent products, but found that it was more involved than making the hole bigger - I also need to make the hole deeper, too, to accomodate a poker chip. Just making the diameter larger would have been easy, but making the hole deeper involves a whole new retool. But, it looks like a very large order is coming in and they don't care what size the hole is, so I'll be able to exhaust the current tooling on that, and have the funds to make a new tool for the Single with the updated design. I did the online "request for more information" from PledgeManager, but it took them a week to respond and I figured I didn't qualify or something and just went with Backerkit. For any new campaigns, I'll give PledgeManager some more time and weigh them side-by-side @Jonathan (and anyone else who didn't get the BackerKit link, here it is: <url># with the shipping box. They each weigh about 0.25 lbs, so every 4 to 5 units would increase the total package weight by around a pound, which happens to be where the shipping rates usually changed. The US shipments generally went up by ~$5 per pound and Canadian ones by ~$10 per pound, so shipping up to 4 or 5 Card Caddies was typically one price, then 6-11 items was another price band. So honestly, if you're just getting 1 or 2 items above your original shipment, you do end up paying that extra amount in shipping and not getting anything for it , but once it gets to 4 or 5, the shipping jumps to the next band. I do feel that charging $5/pound ($10/pound for Canadian and elsewhere) does reflect the real cost of adding additional weight to a package, but the communication and presentation of that fact wasn't good. Bottom line - if you're turned off by the additional shipping, contact me directly and we'll work it out. Your original base pledge includes shipping. The add-on items through Backerkit did not include shipping. Each add-on item is $1 in additional shipping for US, $2 for everywhere else. I've gone back through comments, updates and direct messages, and sometimes I made that clear, sometimes I didn't. It's easy to miss stuff in the comments section, that's my big takeway so far and I will make sure in the future to be consistent through the updates, comments and direct messages. If the additional shipping is a deal-breaker for you, I will refund additions funds you've added on to your pledge. Please contact me directly via email (<email>) or the direct message via Kickstarter to arrange a refund. Colors for the base 5 will be the same as the single deckers we currently carry. (<url>"real" price is around $6 when you subtract shipping, so that's what I made the add-on price in the campaign manager. I guess if you wanted to game the system, you could just pledge for one at $9, then add-on 50 more after the campaign in the Pledge Manager. BUT, I do have a token $1 additional shipping there to protect myself against that. @Dzero - all the Doubles will ship with standard plastic tokens snapped into the holes. Exclusive, additional poker chips are in the works. If I can make them happen, they will be a free bonus to backers only. @Pedro Chavez - no new mold for the Single Decker for now. @Steven Lieberman - thanks for the kind words. I am very happy with the support and the development of the product. I am in this for the long haul and want to build a product line that people really like, so sometimes too much growth too fast can be a bad thing. @Markle - there will be plastic tokens snapped into each side of the Double Decker Card Caddies that ship out with this campaign. I hope to have some cool surprises with exclusive tokens, too for backers only. @Vasilis Papaioannou - unfortunately, only what I raise in the campaign can I count towards stretch goals. I will provide the MSRP price on the shipping forms. For the add-ons, the prices per unit are cheaper than the Kickstarter price since shipping is already included in the Kickstarter price. Thanks for the questions! @Limbo - looks right to me. The campaign manager does add-on a dollar for shipping the new items, though. We made it! Thanks for the pledges! In the Pledge Manager, you'll be able to add-on Single Deckers for $5, Double Deckers for $6 and storage boxes for $3 @travicle (and dzero) - I looked at making the divider a triangle at first, so that you could then have a divider in both halves of the Card Caddy when open, but then the dividers would form a solid wall when it was closed. I was worried that it wouldn't provide enough grip and stability, but will definitely take a look at the idea again. I do want to stress again I can't promise that the dividers will be available with this KS - they should be fairly cheap to make a mold for and produce, but it all depends on how the base rewards come out. @Rudy - you're right, but it shouldn't be a big deal. so, if you're worried that upping your pledge with the intent to get Single Deckers will mess up the funding, don't worry! And, just to confirm how the Pledge Manager works after the campaign. let's say you pledge $50 for the $35 level, you'll have a $15 credit to get extra stuff (just Single Deckers right now, but probably storage boxes, too) There will be a pledge manager at the end of the campaign that will allow the Single Deckers and the storage boxes if we make it. I feel good that we'll at least get to the storage box - almost every campaign gets a good climb in the last few days. It's a big challenge to balance spending money on promotion that may end up cutting into the funds I raise from the campaign. I've got Facebook and Twitter ads going on now that are barely bringing in more rewards that it cost to run the ads. I did banner ads on gaming websites on the last campaign and it was a big loss on those. I need to become a better advertiser and/or spend more money outsourcing it. So I'll work on that for the next campaign. I'll just wrap up this comment by saying that I'm still committed to bringing out as many of these sizes and accessories for the Card Caddy as I can - it may be over a longer period of time than we want, but if the market's there, I'll keep pushing. Thanks to everyone for their support so far! @Wyvernrose - the Triples will have a $7.99 MSRP and as it looks now, on the next Kickstarter will be between $5 and $6 depending on the package @Jonathan - from what I understand, the Staff Picks are really just whether or not someone who works at Kickstarter likes the campaign. It does generate a bit of a bump in pledges from what I've read, but doesn't seem to be anything I can do to make it happen. Unless someone knows a person at KS I can bribe! @Tom Lommel - will do! The Double Deckers will have interior dimensions of 3.75 by 2.7 inches, and when I get the Single Deckers retooled, they will be the same. @Oh Zhi Wei-YuGiOh cards definitely fit! @Wynvernrose - got an email into them. Will keep you posted @Ann-Charlotte - I'll let you know what they say about fulfilling rewards. I think they will definitely want to carry it as a product after that campaign is over though. @Pedro Chavez - you sure can. They will be $5 in the pledge manager after the campaign is over @DZero - There will be plastic tokens (same width as poker chips, but a bit thinner) that come snapped into every Double Decker. As a special Kickstarter exclusive, I'm having some higher quality limited edition poker chips made that will go out only with KS rewards. All of this will be included with your pledge levels. I may make more of the exclusive chips available in the pledge manager for probably a $1 or 2 like you're suggesting. For the Single Decker, the mold is fixed (plus I have inventory on hand) at the smaller hole size. When the tooling reaches the end of its life, then I'll get a new one made with the larger hole. So the Single Deckers that will be availble after the campaign will have the smaller hole. Hi all. I'm still working on the design features - just not quite finding a design that I really like. I'll get out a full update tomorrow with some pix of what I'm working on. Now...onto some comments below! @Felkmaster Flex - what Chris said pretty much covers it. Some specialty games may need a bit of tweaking @Amy Robertson - the add-on price for the Single Deckers will be $5, however many you order. @Chris L - thanks for all the great pix of the Card Caddy in use and your "after market" mods - they are great! @Sara Bear - like DZero said, great idea! I'll be sure to put that in my next update. @DZero - Yes, but it will be in the pledge manager after the campaign. So, let's say you backed a 5-pack of Double Deckers. After the Campaign, you can move some of those over to Triple Deckers (after paying the difference, of course, but just a few bucks) @Ann-Charlotte - sorry to hear that. Board Game Extras (www.boardgameextras.co.uk) in the UK at least currently carries the Single Deckers and I'm hoping to have them carry whatever products get unlocked from this campaign. So, may be a month or two later, but you'll still be able to get some. Sorry to be out of the comments for a bit (flu + day job + Batman v Superman took some time the last few days) I'll get back on and go through everyone's inputs in detail. But, before I lost the link, I wanted to show everyone one of the better April Fool's posts of the day: <url>"Card Caddy Caddy" could really be a thing! Thanks for the mock-up. I will find some way to credit you if it happens. And thanks for the continued support and comments - I will keep you all posted on my product development work over the weekend. @Dzero-like the idea of a divider to partition for mini cards! Will check it out while I'm looking at Chris L's suggestion, too. @Steve: It does get a bit easier over time, but not so much that it will ever just fall open. Keeping the cards secure was the main motivator. There's a little trick, too, that makes it easier that you can do with one hand - you can check out my Youtube video <url>"crack" it open. @Chris - I think that will be an easy change if I'm understanding what you're saying. I'll post some pictures of an updated design in the next update. @Alberto - yes! I do plan on a mini card format, probably in the Fall @Chris - The Double and Triple Deckers will have a 39mm hole. I will be phasing out the 34 mm hole in the Single Deckers @Dzero - I still need to digest your longer comment, but here are the answers to your easy questions: -I used KMC Perfect Fits for the inner sleeves and HyperMatte sleeves for the outer ones for most of the photography in the campaign. I have also tested UltraPros and BCWs. -see comment below about fitting cards in the storage boxes -I have the funding in hand to pay for it, but I have not ordered the tooling yet. @Markle-the interior dimensions of the storage boxes are 2.5 x 3.5" (width x length) and 1 and 2" deep for the small and large boxes respectively,so most unsleeved cards should fit. I don't think I can make the dimensions of the box larger since that would impact other design elements on the Card Caddies themselves, but will look into it. @Jeremy - thanks! any press is good press. @Chris - yes I agree, I think I can safely switch the Connector and Counter, but I don't want to fiddle around much more with the stretch goals since there are probably lots of people who backed based on getting to a certain one. Maybe it would help get some new backers, but I don't want to alienate those who got us where we are now. @Dzero - thanks for the detailed suggestions! I'll see what I can do to implement them. I'll also put some more images of the insides and details of the accessories soon. You can check out first FAQ for the dimensions. @Rad - I'll run the numbers again to make sure, but that is what my shipping software came up with for the different sized packages and weights for the different pledge levels. Sometimes there is a threshold in size especially where the shipping costs jump up. @Robert - I will look into switching them. Makes sense at first glance. Gotta get there, first, though! @Guro - you'll be able to add-on Single Deckers at the end of the campaign. I had some issues with international shipping (ended up paying many more times in shipping than I made on the sale) thru my website, so I turned it off for a bit while I figure out how to keep that from happening. We made it! Thanks for getting us there. here are some updates on what I've seen in the comments: -On the hole and "plug": Card Caddies will ship with two plastic coins/chips to fill the hole if you choose. You can also write on them or add labels to customize or ID your decks. I'll make that clear in the text - the video is a bit confusing. Also, poker chips will fit, too, if you have a favorite one. -For this Kickstarter, no promises yet, but I think I'll be able to offer exclusive coins/tokens for backers of this campaign. Working on the numbers now, but I think it will be feasible -Like some backers have already commented, you can get Single Deckers through my website (narrowshill.com) or Amazon (that's me selling them there, too). If you want to bundle shipping, you can wait until after the campaign is over and you'll be able to add them on to your pledge. -For the storage box, the add-on price will be $3 per box Hope that addressed the comments of the day - if I missed anything, just let me know. It's all too easy to scroll pass any important comment. Dry-erase divider? It's a cool idea. I'll see if there is something out there that I can include without having to change the price. My concern is to add cost to the final product for a feature that I don't know how many people would utilize. If I can add the dividers for a few cents, I'll absorb that as part of making a feature-rich product. Ann-Charlotte - I'll look into that. I don't think it should be an issue. Just $500 to go! Who will get us over the top? @Steve - I had thought about some, but didn't really come up with anything new I could add to the idea of a divider. if anyone has some good ideas, I'm all ears! Thanks Eileen - I'll change that. @James-Ha - I love it! My wrestling coach always told us to play a game when you're hungry to keep your mind off your stomach. So now you can distract yourself with a game AND keep your food points close at hand to show yourself you're done for the day! @Eileen - thanks for noticing the alliteration. Got lots of stuff in the pipeline, too, that can work with the CCC theme. If I make a card shoe similar to those in Vegas, it would be the "Croupier". A stand-up hands-free card holder? The "Concierge", of course! Anyway, just sent out an update with news on Connector with counter capabilities. The Connector and all of the accessories are designed to stay connected with vigorous shaking, but pop off with hand pressure.Should be about the force needed to separate standard Lego bricks. Thanks for your support and input! @Chris - saw it, thanks and I'm taking a look at that, too! @Veeve - no cards are included - you supply your own of whatever game you're playing! @Steve - The Card Caddies are sold in solid colors, but like Chris L. noted you can mix & match multiple ones to do multi-colors. I showed multi-colors in the images since it helps people to visualize how it works better. In retrospect, I should not have had an orange one made since I don't have that color available (yet), but I liked the high contrast with other parts. @Chris - I'll give it a shot and see if the geometry works out. @Philip - will try to at least post some photos of how it would work in an MTG game play and hopefully a video! @Erick - I do want to start making Card Caddies in smaller (and possibly larger) card formats. I'm hoping to start rolling them out in the Fall Missed a lot overnight! Great to be over 3/4 of the way there. Lots of discussion on using the Connector as something else when you've got the decks apart. I agree - I didn't like that it was useless when not together. I had looked as using it as the scorepad, but the real estate for putting the holes in was more limited. I am thinking I could make a hands free card holder/rack type of accessory from the connector - I'll let you all know if that works. Vasilis - thanks for the suggestion. I'll look into it. There should be something exclusive I can offer... @charm - you'll be able to add-on to your pledge at the end of the campaign using our pledge manager. There you'll be able to order more stuff much like any other online store. Trev Or - thanks! that is exactly the type of story we like to hear. Hope we can keep delivering cool products to you! @Charm - The Double Decker holds 100 single sleeved cards when closed, so 50 per side if you divided them up equally when open. It will hold 100 cards per side when open, but then you have to find somewhere to keep the other half when you're not playing! Guro - $6 per Card Caddy will be the cost for the customs form Steve - you beat me to it! Thanks for all of the support so far today! @Chris Larsson - I've played Splendor, but don't own a copy so I can't say for sure, but my best guess would be that if the chips are standard poker-sized, you'll need (2) large storage boxes for the chips (20 in each box). Looking at the BGG page, it looks like there are 90 cards + 10 Noble cards, so they would fit in the Double (definitely if unsleeved, probably if they single-sleeved). Hi Guro- The pledge manager will also take care of additional shipping for international orders, too. The shipping included in your base pledge should take care of most of the cost, so it won't be too much additional. Hi Guro- additional shipping will be added for internal backers when you put in your pledge depending on your location. Thanks for the question! Yes, we'll be using a pledge manager to keep track of the hopefully large amount of rewards and allow for post-campaign addons Thanks Todd! Feeling good about the relaunch