Update will be in a couple hours, any questions just message me. That is the fastest way to get hold of me. @Ron answered your message and @Roy just enter 42 for size and I will get it taken care of. Replied back to all messages now, less than 20 responses waiting now and placing order Friday. Rob that is fine, all messages have now been replied back to. @Jack yes that is black. @Patrick Kickstarter is amazing and I love all my backers for supporting this project. The colors that are currently shown is what I have a available, but currently don't have pictures besides shown. Robin you have been replied to, sorry to miss your message. With over 380 backers I am sorry your message went unanswered. @Ihor the colors are black,brown, and cognac and the style choices are numbered in the latest update. @Kay you can just message me your order then or just write down your first order followed by a comma for your second and than your finally order choice. All other messages have been replied back to, if not please message me today. So far believe over 50% have sent in their orders. Hey everyone I'm still at work, I will take all tomorrow to take care of your order. Goal is to have everything by Sunday in. If you haven't please view the update page with the pictures and numbers being sending a message regarding the same. Hey Jason, just enter your first pair, then follow it by a comma and then also do it for the third one. Style numbers in the update provided. Every tier has their own survey, if you bought one then simple enter your size (number), color (name) and style (name). Which is listed on the Funded update. If you ordered more than 1 pair then you enter the information on the same line. There is 3 lines. If you're still confused then email me. All surveys have been sent out, the style choices are in the update and pick the number from there. @Fynn I would just make it easy and go with the UK size. The survey will not come until after the deadline, in 24 hours. Message me I can't find your message in my inbox. Oh yeah! Everyone please respond back to the survey tomorrow or Sunday by the latest so we can get production started. How they would fit as a womens shoe really couldn't tell you. Don't know the difference in sizing. Thank you! Yes! Big update coming by the end of today, sorry for the delay have been sick and finally back up to speed. At the end I will send out a survey where you can pick your choice. Thank you Jarron! That is huge support. Have been sick the last two days and haven't had the chance yet to add the pictures and build the page. Winston thank you for your comments man! Building a facebook page for the shoes now and should have everything up tomorrow. This is just our start, thank you kickstarters! Thank you everyone! I'm excited to get all these shoes made for you. Message me still and we will set it up. Thank you! Plenty more pictures coming up don't worry! Thank you for the support.