From the project coordinator: I'm deeply sorry everyone, that was a mistake on my part. It was a rookie mistake and I can't take it back. All I can do it make sure it doesn't happen again. I know it's not a consolation, but I assure you the other batches of e-mails were indeed sent bcc'd. Because of the limit on how many e-mails I can send out a day, I can't send an apology to everyone until at least 24 hours have passed, so I'm posting it here for now. Again, incredibly sorry for that, it was a very stupid error and I can't apologize enough for it. I've been working on a technically complex bit that's taken longer than expected and I'll be posting an update soon. Seth Tipps wrote something on Develop: <url>"refund anyone who doesn't want to see the game finished." and Cory's right that was poorly worded it was unfair to backers who supported the project's mission in the first place to imply that they don't want it finished. Backers who want a refund because we haven't made the game yet just don't have confidence that we're going to succeed. That's understandable. What I was trying to say was, backers who want a refund will get them as soon as we have the funds to do so, and right now we're raising funds to be able to pay anyone who wants a refund, to accelerate development again to finish the game, and to deliver all promised physical rewards. Anyone who wants a refund now will probably be happy to see the game finished in the end despite their doubts at this time and we appreciate their original support and hope to earn it back with time and progress towards completion. Code Hero alpha 3 Mac and Windows download files are both finished uploading and working now. <url>"When can we play the latest version of the game." I'll post an update to the Kickstarter as soon as the new build is working well, probably tomorrow morning. I'm Alex the lead developer of Code Hero and here is my response to this news story, updated as I continue to answer the specific questions people have: <url>"empowerment" and I will answer your all your questions or concerns. Alex Peake here, Code Hero's creator and now leader of a team of creators working on making the full game. We're sorry about the log-in problems some people have been having. The beta we had up to this point was the work of one person (me) + periodic help from contractors. We are working on a new version of the game now that we have an actual full-time developer team to make the game as awesome as it deserves to be. For now, if you have a support issue please email <email> and we will make sure to solve each and every one of your problems with the current version or by updating to the new version soon. Our online store is Ubercart based and it should have shown you a password to use in combination with the email you supplied it, but many people didn't receive those passwords because of shopping cart glitches or missed them. Also, some special characters don't work in the login. Logins work for a lot of people as we have about 6000 or more players able to log in, and we'll fix this so everyone can play as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience and we think you're going to like what we have in store for you! (We also just received the first batch of T-shirts and they look amazing, we'll post pictures and a timeline for pledge fulfillment soon!) Yes, you will get the full game at release at all pledge levels. From the $1 Pledge Description: "Buy it now to support our development and you get to download the betas and receive the full game when it ships! " The multiplayer part of the project will in no way detract from the single player experience. We will build the single player game first and foremost. Multiplayer is a bonus. To get help, email <email>. The shirts look like this: <url>