@All. Thanks for a successful campaign. We look forward to hearing how you use Collar Perfect and your thoughts on the product. With your help, we brought the idea to life. Now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete. All future requests, questions, etc, please send to <email>. Thanks, The Collar Perfect Team @Sween. For your security, we have sent you a direct message with your shipping information. @Chiel Our kickstarter project was only for a US power-corded unit. However, the internal circuits support 110v and 220v and will work in your countries power requirements. @Andre. The units have been through ETL certification for either 110 or 220v. The internal electronics are designed to operate in either operating environments and do not require any type of physical switch between the 2 standards. You are safe to use in either 110v or 220v. @All. Thanks for a successful campaign. We look forward to hearing how you use Collar Perfect and your thoughts on the product. With your help, we brought the idea to life. Now that all ordered are fulfilled, we are placing our campaign as complete. All future requests, questions, etc, please send to <email>. Thanks, The Collar Perfect Team @Pabs. Collar Perfect is ETL certified for either power requirements. You are safe to use. @Michael and @Keith. Our campaign was only for a US power cord as described in the Kickstarter campaign. During the campaign and based on requests, we were able to change the electronics engineering to support 110v and 220v. The units can operate for both voltage requirements. @ Jon. We've reviewed your delivery address to your Alamo location. The USPS carrier appears to have routed your shipment through a processing station, but is still on track for your destination. For your security, we'll contact you directly. @ Trevor Lee For your security, please see our direct response via your provided email address. Please ensure you have Kickstarter and Collar Perfect added to your safe sender list to ensure messages from either source are not placed into the Spam folder. @All. All Orders have shipped and the automated messages contain your tracking numbers for the shipment. Take some pictures and tag us or send to us how you best enjoy your new Collar Perfect! @Keith. It took 3 additional days for the warehouse to process the intake and begin shipments. The good news is that the shipments are well underway and is not yet complete. You should be receiving your confirmation and tracking shortly. Thanks. @All. Please check the latest update for backer shipments and timing for this week. @Roger. Please send your updated address in a message to us. @JP, Thanks for the notice, it looks like it didn't publish when submitted. It should be live now. @All. See the latest update posted today for exciting news. @HL. We are waiting on customs to provide notification of completing processing. We were advised this could take up to 5 business days, so we expect an answer by today or tomorrow. Once complete, we will deliver to the warehouse and begin shipments. We expect to begin all shipments as early as 2/3-2/5. Once custom clearance is complete, we'll provide notification. @All. Our shipment has made it stateside. We received the official notice last night and is currently processing through customs. @All. We wanted to provide another update. We checked on the status of the shipment. The container ship left port on time. We are expecting the next update from the shipping company by 1/6 - 1/8 with updated ports of call. @ All. Production is 100% complete and the 3rd party inspection reports were received today. There were some minor packaging issues to ensure the units will arrive undamaged discovered in the inspection. These are being repackaged and are scheduled to leave port now on 12/24. The packaging delay will only add 3 days to timeline and fulfillment will begin 1/22/16. @ All. The 3rd party inspections are on track for completing according to our published timeline. The final report is not expected to arrive until 3 business days later (12/15). We'll provide an update once received. @ Jon. Please ensure you have your Kickstarter account settings set to allow Kickstarter Project Updates to be sent to you via email. We have shared our updates and exact dates and timelines in our latest two updates. Yesterdays update also shared the exact dates. Here is the link: <url>#27. We will have a post Monday or Tuesday about the samples. Stay tuned to the updates and comments section over the next month or so and we'll keep you up to date. We'll post a reminder comment to check the latest update posting. Thanks all and have a Great July 4th Weekend. Brandon @Karl Lee Soule . Thanks for the support Karl. We should have some posts in the next 5-7 days with the status of tooling and 1st pass factory samples. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up in thee beginning of July. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @Mitchell. Our tooling is still underway and is going great so far. We have not had any hold ups or concerns in the process so far with our factory. The T1 samples should be coming soon as tooling begins to wrap up. Once we receive a few of these samples and know it's on the way, we'll post an update. We'll share some images of the samples as well. @all. Update coming tomorrow. Stay tuned. @ JP LH and Dleec19. We are thankful for your continued support. Our factory is in the process of tooling. Once they are complete, the dates of production completion and container shipment fall into line. We will have more firm dates on our upcoming 5/18 Update communication. @ Yasser Haddawi. Please send your updated information to <email> @All. Kickstarter sent out an auto generated message today as we changed our address update setting. Per our update on April 21st, we have requested our backers provide their address updates directly to us. The change in the process is to ensure that your updates are received. Address changes in your profile do not automatically update your backed campaigns. To avoid any issues and to prepare our distribution system, we have made the change in to the address update process. Address Changes: Process Change We will continue to accept updates to addresses up through the end of April via the Kickstarter system. Beginning May 1st, all address changes will need to be sent to <email>. We will confirm each email receipt we receive. We will also advise a minimum of 3 weeks prior to when all shipping for all addresses changes to be submitted. Following this notice, we will lock in the addresses in order meet delivery requirements. Please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @all. Our update is scheduled to post around noon tomorrow. @Backers. Next update is scheduled for 4/20. Stories and Picture Submissions Ever stay somewhere on vacation, stay at a hotel while traveling, or visit a relative and need to iron? It seems when you need an iron most, the iron has melted carpet on it, the ironing board is broken, or something else is wrong. Send us your pictures of stained irons, irons with burnt carpet, damaged ironing boards, etc. If you have an ironing nightmare you want to share, tell us about it. If you think we might like it, share it. Send your pictures to <email> and our favorites will be posted on our social media feeds. @JP. The information below can be further seen in the following update. <url>’s occurred during the final step. Chinese New Year requires a three week pause while the factory closes for the holiday. Based on the required design and holiday delay, this will impact our anticipated shipment timeline. We are now anticipating the following timeline: • Manufacturing Preparation. February. • Tooling, Production & Packaging Qualification. March – April • Kickstarter Order Production and Fulfillment. May - June Continuing Support of Address Changes Several backers may need to change their addresses. We will continue to allow updates to addresses up until 48hr till the final shipping. We will put out a four week notice before shipping. After this notice backers will have two weeks to provide address changes before these become locked in and begin shipping. Here are their directions. “If you've already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. Then, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information.” Also, please remember that Kickstarter does not automatically update address changes to surveys when you make changes to their profile pages. @LH Thank you for your patience. Our update will be posted in the morning and is in final edit. @Backer. New updates will be published by the 18th. Stay tuned for our update tomorrow...New pictures, design, and production schedule updates coming your way... Come show some love this Valentine's Day weekend.....we have some exciting news coming in our update this weekend. @LH, our post was delayed due to getting access to an image. It is now posted: <url>