We are hoping to post a shipping timeline within the next few weeks. Hi Nick- Yes, CommBadge will support iOS 8. Please see our last update under the "Updates" tab above for more information. John- Please see our last update in the "Updates" tab. Thanks for your support! Paul- You would have to manually select on your Android phone which BT device to make primary if more than one is paired and connected at the same time. Hope that helps. The CommBadge team When we begin shipping we will give you the option to add the MagPack and other accessories. Thanks for your support! James- Yes, it will take over and become the primary communication interface for the internal microphone and speaker of your iPhone or Android device when paired. Hope this helps, thanks! Thanks Nick! Yes, everyone should continue to share CommBadge as much as possible. Keith - Thanks for being the "one" that carried us over our goal, and of course a BIG thank you to all of our backers! Regarding the personal bodyguard feature, the user will have the option to turn this on/off from within the iOS and Android apps. Great comment Nick! That is our internal goal as well, but by Sunday night though:) Without supporters and backers like you we wouldn't have made it this far, and for that we can't thank you enough! All the best, The CommBadge Team Paul- We totally agree with you. We believe CommBadge is a huge unrecognized opportunity, we just need more people to hear about it. The more our backers share, share, and share more, the better the chance we get the press we deserve. Thanks again for your continued support! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Frank- Thanks for the comment! We appreciate your support and sharing it on Facebook. We have contacted CNET, Mashable, etc. but that can take some time to go live, especially when it's been a busy news week for Microsoft, etc. Regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Paul, We are trying every PR angle we can. As you know the press can be finicky. Some of our efforts are just starting to pay off, see the blog logos just added. We will post links to these articles within the next day or so. Any help you could assist in sharing CommBadge Down Under would be much appreciated! Thanks for your continued support. Thanks Nick, $10k looks better:) Yes the most important thing is sharing! BTW, our PR campaign has just kicked into today. Hopefully we will see some articles published soon. Due to popular demand we added a new Early Bird reward. This reward combines the popular black CommBadge with a MagPack set of two extra strong rare-earth magnets. Creating a clean look (dare we say Starfleet-style uniform) that holds your CommBadge flush against your clothing, even on heavy-weight fabrics. This $100 reward has limited availability. Team CommBadge thanks everyone for their continued support! Hi Jeffrey, Thanks for your support! It seems that the limitation is on Kickstarter's end. The way around it is to change your pledge to $100 for the MagPack. We will note your account and ship both at the same time. Kickstarter is said to be working on a fix, but no timeframe has been announced. Regards, The CommBadge Team @roma, Shipments will begin in this order; Indiegogo funders, Kickstarter backers, public release. The July ship date for KS allows for this cushion. @roma, CommBadge revision 2.0 will still be produced. However, it will take longer to get into production than if we reach our funding goal on KS. We would have less resources, and not be able to use the best (and fastest) PCB fabricators in the business. Thanks for your support! Hi Paul, Thank you for your support. We are currently testing the iOS app with our internal partners. If we expand our testing beyond these partners we will let you know. We appreciate your offer. Best, The CommBadge Team Robert, Thank you for your support! As I've said before this is a complete revision of CommBadge inside and out, aka CommBadge 2.0. It's 50% thinner and will have completely new electronics. The original Indiegogo backers will most certainly get their CommBadge's first. That is why there is a cushion built-in to the Kickstarter timeline to allow for this. No Indiegogo funders will ever have to re-pledge on Kickstarter to get their CommBadge's, we're not sure where that came from. That is one of the reasons we had to be careful in how we updating them on the new campaign, and thus led to some of the negative comments early on. We didn't want to come across as begging for their monetarily support. Yes, if they want to shout-out on social media great! The reason we are here on Kickstarter is simple. We have many prototype CommBadge's in circulation with our launch partners. After getting feedback, we realized the concept is awesome and people love their CommBadge's, but there is one major problem. The antenna range is not adequate, all the other promised functionality works like magic. Hands and eyes-free Siri and Google Now access is a true breakthrough! Yes, we could have released the product a month ago as-is, but that is not us. We consider ourselves perfectionist and won't release a substandard product. We're sure many of you can relate to lousy Kickstarter and Indiegogo product releases. Some are great and meet their promise, but many do not. We are very close to full production since we spent the better part of a year refining and redesigning CommBadge. The last major hurdle is a brand new PCB layout. We have partnered with one of the best Bluetooth design houses in the world, Blue Creation in the UK. We are 100% confident that they will solve the RF range issue as the cause has already been identified. That is why we feel we can move quickly into full production. There are less expensive avenues to fix the PCB problem, but they take more time. We felt by moving to Kickstarter we could quickly earn the necessary funds to complete the new PCB rapidly and then move into production. We thought this would be a win-win for Kickstarter and Indiegogo backers. We are sorry if you don't feel the same, and of course know one is forcing you to back us. But please let's put this issue to rest. Many original Indiegogo backers have already supported this campaign and we truly appreciate that! I won't mention any names, but if they want to come forward so be it. Thanks again, The CommBadge Team Hi Boone, CommBadge incorporates dual-mode Bluetooth capability (BT 2.1 and up, and BTLE). The speakerphone functionality will work with iOS 4 and up and Android 2.2 and up. However, in order to use remote voice control of Siri you would need either an iPhone 4s and newer. Voice Command functions on Android phones are dependent upon your device. If your phone came with an integrated Voice Command app and it works with a Bluetooth headset, it will work with CommBadge. The Android app must be installed. We will clear up the FAQ, thanks for bringing it to our attention. Hope this helps! Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Bob, Please see our comment below from 2 days ago about our previous Indiegogo funders. This project is indeed a true revision from the ground-up, inside and out. Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Paul, Thanks for the comment! We are working on something just like that:) Best, The CommBadge Team Hi Boone Simpson, Thanks for your support! Please see our comment below regarding this campaign as being CommBadge version 2.0, and the fact that we expect it's success to insure expedited shipping for all. Great idea for the OD Green color, maybe a stretch goal is in order!? We explored the 3.5mm jack, but we would have had to make CommBadge significantly larger to accommodate it. Your other questions/concerns should be addressed in the FAQ Section hopefully going live in the next day or so. Thanks again! Best regards and cheers, The CommBadge Team Dear Kickstarters, Thank you! We appreciate all the pledges we've received in such a short period of time. We want to address some of the comments regarding our previous campaign. This new campaign should be considered CommBadge version 2.0, as the overall design has been completely revamped. It may look similar, but it's a totally new design that's 50% thinner. Also, the electronics have been 100% reworked, and that has brought us to Kickstarter. We have about a dozen fully working prototypes that we soft-launched to our internal partners. After many firmware revisions we have a product that is 90% complete. We had many PCB issues that we were able to fix through firmware updates (very time consuming). However, part of the problem is finding the right team members. We had a bad experience with an engineer that we had to let go. To be honest, after our first PCB production run we ended up with totally dead PCB’s. The good news is that we partnered with Blue Creation out of Cambridge, in the UK to fix these mistakes. They are undoubtably the best Bluetooth design house in the world. They were able to solve all of the issues with the PCB functionality except one, the Bluetooth range (it’s about 50% of what it should be). Since the last major issue is the Bluetooth range, which cannot be corrected through firmware, we are forced to revise the entire PCB (this was clearly mentioned at launch in our “Timeline”). As you probably know, prototype PCB’s are very expensive to produce. That brought us to Kickstarter. In order to fund the revision “B" PCB we need additional funding. We certainly are not starting from scratch as we have identified the problem to be improper layout (placement) of the RF antenna. We feel that we can get the new PCB’s completed quickly since all the other issues have been ironed out already. The reason we set the Kickstarter fulfillment timeline to July was to allow for adequate time to ship to our Indiegogo backers first. This is why we mentioned from the beginning in our "Risks and challenges" that we built some lag-time into the shipping timeline. Best regards, The CommBadge Team Hi Rob, Thanks for the comment! We will be posting a full FAQ summary later today. BTW, CommBadge does charge by micro-USB and has a Li-ion Polymer battery. Regards, The CommBadge Team To answer your question, we have about a dozen fully working prototypes that we soft-launched to our internal partners. After many firmware revisions we have a product that is 90% complete. We had many PCB issues that we were able to fix through firmware updates, but part if the problem is finding the right team members. We had a bad experience with an engineer that we had to let go. To be honest, after our first PCB production run we had totally dead boards. To fix his mistakes, the good news is that we partnered with Blue Creation out of Cambridge, in the UK. They are undoubtably the best Bluetooth design house in the world (but expensive). They were able to solve all of the issues with the PCB functionality except one, the Bluetooth range (it’s about 50% of what it should be). Since the last major issue is the Bluetooth range, which cannot be corrected through firmware, we are forced to revise the PCB. As you know, prototype PCB’s are very expensive to produce. That brings us to Kickstarter. In order to fund the revision “B" PCB we need additional funding. We certainly are not starting from scratch as we have identified the problem to be improper layout (placement) of the RF antenna. We feel that we can get the new PCB’s completed quickly, within about a month of the new campaign's completion.