Hi Guys, We could send updates and write in comments as well, but than again we have been advised not to do that, "better one post", sorry. The last post is valid and we are going to update when it's needed. Thank you...! Hi Guys, Please see this massage as an update. The next 10 working days suppose to be the last phase of the first production batch. Right after, we are scheduled to receive the products from production and starting with delivery to all of you guys. We do hope that this information helps and of course we are going to keep updating soon as we can. Thanks!!! Hi, No, the factory does not allow it Hi, All rewards will be kept. Time....we are done with all "politics" and production is in process, should be completed on about 3 weeks (after testing), sure we will keep you posted and let you know... THANKS!!! Hi, Thanks for asking, yes, there is an update. Production is about to start after all negotiation have been completed. Therefore it should be matter of few weeks to finish the production, doing testing and ready for delivery, all the reset will follow as well. Thanks!!! Hi, Good to hear from you. We hope the end of June. Keep in touch or send e-mail direct. Thanks!!! Hi, We would have like it to be this week, but somethings are delaying us, for example, the found from this campaign have not transferred to us as of yet and other technical things for production and distribution are still in the making, not moving fast like we want to, but it goes in the right direction, we guess, this is the business world and we need to adjust to it. Of course, we will update soon as we can Thanks!!! To be clear about time, like we wrote, the schedule was June/July, but now it looks much better and we think that the last phase of production will be completed within two to three weeks (think and hope-lol), than packing will be done and of course the shipping. Hi Kyle, We are working on the final phase of the production so we can send out the product. We think it will be around two weeks from now and than we will be able to ship the product as well. Hi Kyle, In part yes, furthermore: We are working with two distribution centers to accommodate the shipping of Boolze. One center is in the US and one is (we are still working out the details) in Europe. Hi everyone, We personally want to thank every single one of you guys that supported us and for the many e-mails we received from you telling us how great of a product the Boolze is, THANK YOU! We are very happy to report to you guys that part of the e-mails we have received came from companies that are interested in working with us, and to sell the Boolze in their stores, of course it’s great news and could not be done without you, our supporters. The outcome of these e-mails will results in having the Boolze available for purchase in the retail stores. Fantastic!!! Once again, thank you all We improved the product to be better than before. The same inventor with an additional engineering team, the result is a better and improved device that is now user friendly and compatible with all brands of cellphones and tablets. Boolze started as the project you mentioned, but was paused due to technical issues encountered at the time. Since then, our company resolved the technical issues and improved the engineering parts of the device. Boolze is now a perfectly ready to use device, user friendly and compatible with all brands of cellphones and tablets. Hi Guys, It is very encouraging to read your comments, thanks!!! We do want to share with you that there are few re-sellers and whole sellers that want to work with us and they think that the Boolze is a great unique device to have and to sell. We are in negotiation now, and YES it looks like we will be able to bring Boolze to retails. We can't announce much at this moment but we will be able in 48 hours. The reviews are great and we strongly believe it will be just fine. Of course, pledges are welcome as it will show the support we are seeking for. Thanks for all your support!!! Wow, great points to review, thanks for asking. Before we get into all the technical details, we want to remind everyone that: • Boolze fits all Smartphones and Tablets. • Boolze comes with a 100% warranty. • Boolze has a unique design and it is specifically engineered to allow the user to handle it easily and comfortably with any type of Smartphone or Tablet (as was shown in the video). Technical Data: It has come to our attention that there is confusion between the two (2) main parts of the Boolze: the clamp and the ring. Here we are going to explain in detail and as much as possible in order to clear this confusion so it will be easier to whoever wants to know more about sizes and diameters. Suction Clamp: The silicon diameter (which is attached to the back of the phone or tablet) is 1” 5/8 or 1 and 5/8 of an inch Ring: the ring that will be placed around the bar, bicycle/scooter/stroller etc. hand bar. Clarifications: The Boolze does include two (2) pieces of different size/thickness of silicon that are removable and can be placed inside the ring. The purposes of these silicon pieces are to: A. Adjust the size/opening of the Boolze ring to match and to fit to the exact size/thickness of the bicycle/scooter/stroller etc. bar. These adjustments can be done to match very small sized bars or to fit into a thicker sized bar. B. Protect the bar from any possible wear and tear. The diameter of the ring that is placed around the bicycle/scooter/stroller etc. bar has three (3) size options: 1. Inside diameter with no silicon is 1” 3/8 or 1 and 3/8 of an inch. 2. The size of the thick silicon piece shortens the diameter by 1/4” (a quarter inch). 3. The size of the thin silicon piece shortens the diameter by 1/16” (one sixteen of an inch). So the total diameter can vary according to your preferences when using the different silicon options as needed. It is fairly understandable and visibly shown in the video that the Boolze is a devise that gives you the chance to use your cell phone or tablet like never before. Furthermore, many of you do know and understand that most (or all) of bicycle/scooter/stroller etc. makers do make the bars at the same size/diameter for different reasons and the Boolze is a perfect solution, or add on, for you to use your cell phone or tablet in a convenient way. For whoever that wants to know more about the technical aspect we hope that the information above does help you. In addition, when playing the video, please carefully review the part between 43 to 50 seconds. There you can see the drawings illustrating the above information; we hope it helps as well. We do use formulated materials to achieve a unique combination of flexibility and durability, and we do stand behind the Boolze a 100%, therefore, we have no problem to warranty the Boolze and give you, the user, a 100% warranty. Remember, we need your help to secure production and distribution for the purpose of volume (quantities) to achieve our pricing targets when the Boolze will be available in the mass market. Thanks for all the help and support!!! Hi Pu Hawai Ching, Very good question, in fact it gives us the opportunity to explain everyone about it. Part of what is so special and unique about the Boolze are the special materials (formula) it is made from. The materials result in flexibility and durability combined with an adjusting option to control and adjust the width range, enabling any one to use the Boolze with a bicycle, scooter, stroller, etc. These features are clearly shown in the video and pictures for better understanding. Special Thanks Dear Zev Laine, We want to say thank you for your pledges!!! These multi-pledges by one person do make sense, if you think about it, one family can use the Boolze when riding a bicycle or scooter, moms can enjoy the Boolze while using the stroller, not mentioning the fact that it can be a great gift to others for a very convenience price Question: Pu Hwai Ching: what is the clamp diameter? Answer: The clamp diameter is just about 1", one inch Side note: the clamp is very unique, our patented engineering and design enables you to enjoy the use of any smart phone or a tablet being literally "air hanging" and limitless to anything we want to do in any direction, leaving the cell phone or tablet space free for use and to position the device how ever you want it to be for maximum personal comfort. Phone case Questions: Joseph Maiorana: Will this work with my otterbox iPhone case? Emily Stemmerich: I would like to echo Joseph's question about it working with cases. I have a Seidio case on my iPhone. Answer: One of the amazing things about the Boolze is that it can work with any case of any cell phone or a tablet, we must remember that the case surface (only in the exact particular point/area, does not have to be the whole case) needs to be smooth with no hols, bumps grooves etc. so the clamp will have a good and firm hold. Hi Everyone, First we want to say thanks for all your support! We realized that our answers have been posted individually to each person that had a comment, therefore, not everyone could see our posts, well, we are sorry, let's fix it, so everyone can see RL Question: what size of the suction (dia)? The full size is an 1" 1/4, meaning one inch and a quarter. This size diameter allow the use of any smart phone and of course any tablet. Hi to all of our supporters !!I wish to thank each one of you in advance for your feedback ,by supporting and backing my campaign, I truly believe that you all will enjoy using boolze !!! We my team and I will be happy to assist you in any possible way to get your rid safe and comfortable!!! Kind Regards Boolze team!!!