To the backers concerned that Control VR potentially engaged in fraud and mislead the community, please read: Control VR took a tech that was being sold for tens of thousands of dollars and was literally giving it away to our community. How was that not clear? Why were we doing this? When we looked at the production costs (costs to produce) it was only a few hundred dollars. We saw the high-end mocap industry slowly dying and BY BEING PARTNERED WITH SYNERTIAL AND INERTIAL LABS (both owners of CONTROL VR) the two best players out there, we believed consumer mocap was possible now that VR had become real. If a company can make a few hundred dollars per system but sell hundreds of thousands of those systems 5 to 10 years down the road, that is the business to go after. Whereas high-end systems might sell anywhere from 10K to upwards of 100K per system based on support and custom bespoke software, but how secure is that business if it only brings in a dozen or so sales a year. Control VR was about cannibalizing the high-end mocap industry and paving the way to bring consumer mocap to the masses. We were giving those systems away for basically nothing and shifting our overall thinking as it related to the motion capture industry at large. One thing we didn't foresee was that these very expensive systems didn't perform well enough for consumer adoption upon launch. And they ultimately didn't, but we only realized this down the road. They degraded over time, no longer became useful, and needed a level of support that wasn't scalable on the consumer side of things. Plus, everyday environments behave much differently than professional settings and the hardware slowly degraded and ultimately became barely useable as a stand alone system in everyday environments. When we realized this horrific reality, we immediately began scrambling to solve for these issues and ran out of money in the process. Things do happen, especially in business hence the high degree of failure in start-ups. Tech is even more extreme in that you never quite know where you stand because the landscape is forever changing. While many things have gone wrong, one thing Control VR hasn't done is commit fraud. And no one ever lined their pockets with money. Almost everyone worked for free and many loaned the company substantial money along the way. We still believe that the answer for accurate finger capture is an inertial-based system, one that will fit in nicely with products like Lighthouse. There are too many occlusion issues with fingers, and optical tech just doesn't seem like it will ever be able to solve for those issues no matter how you attempt to get it there as it relates to finger capture anyway, however one lesson we've lerned is you never know. Nonetheless, the processing should always be superior for inertial and the costs will very soon be competitive to optical anyways. But until an inertial system comes out that finally shows the accuracy and performance everyone is looking for, that door for optical finger tracking is certainly open. But we believe inertial is the answer for many other reasons, and it's only a matter of time before people like use convince the powers-to-be in VR that inertial is the way to go as it relates to finger capture. Keep in mind now that we are trying to do the right thing here, and believe we can restructure things in a way where we can at least make sure the community doesn't get screwed over. We certainly are going to make every effort to make this happen. We have always been trying to do the right thing since day one, but have thus far failed and our reputations are certainly suffering because of this. It's an extremely trying time and we do hope that at the very least the anger subsides and the community loses their appetite for seeking lawsuits, if for no other reason then we are not sure what good would come out of it for the community's sake. While we wish we had the foresight to see how things would have unfolded, it is impossible to predict such outcomes and corporate protections are pretty strong in this country. Certainly this project has been painful enough for the community, and we believe seeking some kind of class action lawsuit on it's behalf will only further hurt the community. If we had "taken the money and run" then of course there is a reason to take such actions. But Synertial and Inertial Labs are too public for such a move, have had a long track record in the motion capture industry, and while our community has every right to be extremely pissed off, you are all very intelligent and successful people and if you all take a second to process everything you hope will realize that the scenario of "taking the money and lining our pockets" most likely didn't transpire here. Please do what you can to try and keep the lynch mob from forming because we do not believe it serves the community. Core elements of the SDK are being released end of August at the same time we are sending out the first few systems. The first engines that we will be compatible with are motionbuilder, unity and unreal, with others to quickly follow. Updated video of full body mocap system with fingers coming soon. It looks our prototype is not arriving for another two weeks here in Los Angeles from our engineers over in Europe We are sorry but our first full prototype got delayed in Europe and isn't going to be here in time for E3. It will probably be here next week, or perhaps the week after. We will do our best to immediately upload footage of the suit once it arrives. For any local backers we'll set up a few times where people can come jump into a demo of the new system, compare V1 and V2, and share their experiences with you all. Apologies and stay tuned, The Control VR Team Control VR will not have it’s own booth at E3. We are currently speaking with a few different companies to showcase our new system in their booth, meeting room, or private hotel suite. This is going to come down to the wire as our first prototype (full body with fingers) is landing in Los Angeles somewhere around June 10th to 12th. We will publicly inform all of our backers where we will be at for E3 and you all WILL be invited to come check out the system in person. Expect that announcement to come a day or two before E3. In the meantime, please click on the links below to view a few teasers of what is to come. The first prototype made didn’t include fingers, but did include full body. We were told the data is pretty awesome and magnetic interference is no longer an issue. We look forward to getting you all exact technical specs that you all can compare to other systems, as well as doing a side-by-side comparison of our V1 and V2 systems very soon. Expect video of the full body V2 system (with fingers) either right before or right after E3 along with all of the tech data as well. <url>’ve been to most of the VRLAs previously. Nick, YES we will be at E3 this year. We will not miss E3 for the world and please everyone one of you should come geek out on the new system. Nick (and this goes for others as well) please try and resist the negative comments if you can for now, it would be greatly appreciated. RE: the Stress Level Zero post, it was extremely inappropriate on many levels. We saw it go down in real time thanks to a few of our backers and it really hurt to hear some of what they were saying. There is a high road here and we’re going to take it. We understand that they are frustrated and they have every right to be. While we are currently not working with them it has nothing to do with who they are as people or professionals. They did an outstanding job on our Kickstarter and were wonderful at E3 as well. And while they may not realize it at this time, we will be working very closely with them down the road – whether they like it or not. Like all of you frustrated that there have been delays, things will quickly turn around when we deliver our new system. Hang in there and please do not hesitate to email us anytime…you all should know the email to do so. Thanks David we didn't want to delay further and GDC would have taken our attention away from more pressing matters. We're going to go big at E3. It's more important to focus on finalizing everything and moving asap into production. As soon as we move into production, we will of course share pics and most likely some video in an official update. Thanks Aesphere for the feedback regarding posting comments v updates. Next post will be an update We are up to rev 2 of our prototype PCBs for the Control VR Upper body system. After evaluating various component vendors, we have chosen our component list and found them to perform extremely well for the consumer/developer level (i.e. robust, steady, performs in everyday environments like the high-end systems do in professional settings and with a significant increase in performance across multiple areas and especially as it relates to magnetic compensation capabilities that make this system the new standard of our industry). The need for troubleshooting will be drastically removed, and we believe the overall product becomes plug n play. We are working closely with the vendor of the sensor chip to make sure we have all the features we need for an outstanding product. They have been very supportive. The chip vendor found an anomaly with their magnetometer which led them to redesign the part. This has delayed the supply of the final parts and required a PCB design change at our end, so we are somewhat delayed but on track for a delivery date, end of June 2015. It looks like the firmware for our sensor units has been finalized, and we are looking to test the newest release of the sensor chips in the next week to 10 days. If all goes well, we will finalize the design and immediately move to the mass production phase asap. We should hit the mass production benchmark somewhere between the next 2 to 4 weeks. We will post an update when we hit this benchmark and place all orders for all components for the first round of dev kits. Max, we stopped taking pre-orders online because of overwhelming demand. We want to focus on getting the first batch of dev kits out ASAP. We will start taking pre-orders again sometime in May, but they will be for September and then December deliveries. Aldo, do not worry about moving or us sending you a system to an old address. We will be sending out a comprehensive survey wanting to understand as much as possible about all of our developers/backers, and in that survey we will also be collecting the latest shipping addresses to send dev kits/other rewards out. We will most likely send out the survey right after ordering all of our components to build the first batch of dev kits. Thank you all for your support and please continue to ask questions and email us at <email> We are in the final stages of engineering the new hardware and are working through some bugs and technical roadblocks. We are working through these issues as quickly as we can and are well aware that we are behind schedule. We are aiming to get the new hardware retested and sent to production by mid February. You will all be informed when we reach that milestone. While we are extremely sensitive about the schedule and want to push the product into production as soon as possible, we can't afford to reprint all of the sensors once we send it off to mass production. From mid-February, it will be 4 weeks from time of order to receive all of the components back, and then 1 week for populating the boards. Once all of the boards have been populated, we will let everyone know that we are now moving into the assembly stage. We anticipate 6 weeks for assembly, and will let everyone know when the systems have been sent off to be fulfilled. From there it will be two weeks (fulfillment) before everyone receives their systems. Amazon is a machine, so many of you will receive your systems within days upon us reaching the fulfillment milestone. So realistically we are now looking at a delivery date in June. The reason for changing the hardware is quite simple...we came to realize that the original hardware needed to be more robust. After having put over a thousand participants through the prototype -- many sensors would malfunction and require recalibration (a time consuming process that we have since streamlined). As a company, we needed to design a new system that was viable for the developer community. We want you spending your valuable time on your own project, and not troubleshooting or learning how to use the hardware. Our thinking is this: what developer in their right mind is going to spend their precious time and money developing apps/games that rely on hardware that isn't reliable and consumer ready. Robert, as far as the SDK is concerned, most of the low-level work is complete. We will need about a month of work to finalize everything to work with the new hardware. We will start releasing core elements in May. Regarding the community forum opening up, we do not want to say a date at this time and then not deliver on that. We will get it up as soon as possible. David, your pricing for the high-end systems are spot on and are per glove. Just a reminder to the rest of our community, we have provided you all with a $21,000+ upper body motion capture system for $600 because our goal is to push consumer motion capture forward and are using the VR platform to do so. You have all invested in that advancement. Consumer motion capture will transform people's lives in many wonderful ways (including VR) and you have all contributed to this industry by backing and supporting our project. While we might be quiet, we are here working hard behind the scenes. Please do not think our lack of engagement at this time means we do not care. We are grateful and appreciative for you all and are really looking forward to showing off the new hardware as soon as possible. Please continue to reach out if you have any questions. <email> is a good email to get in touch with us quickly. @Kyle Miracle: The Control VR system is only compatible with PC. David, Rest assured we are def not going optical for finger tracking. Please forward the source where you read this. Thanks! Hello, everyone! We've been working hard on the Control VR system and are excited to share some updates with you this week. So stay tuned! @Max Palmer: As a backer, you should be receiving our Kickstarter updates through your email. You can also check by here. @Allen Hsia: Surveys have not been sent out yet. We will send out the surveys closer to the shipping date of Control VR. @Sakai Yuichi: Yes, it is possible to output the BVH. @TG ERROR: You can pre-order Control VR on our website - <url>áš Skála The central module houses the MPU as well as its own inertial sensor. The shoulder system is light and feels good. The system delivered with the DK will certainly be comfortable and good for extended use. @Tomáš Skála Yes our gloves are machine washable! They are well made and designed for extended use and washing. It takes 10 seconds to remove the electronics from the glove and about 5 minutes to reinstall. @Bit Barrel Media The Control VR team has been setting up for what is going to be an epic demo experience at E3. To answer your question, Duy Tran is correct., yes you will be able to interact with virtual buttons without problems when you move your chair. Thanks! FR3D - We're planning a wireless version with a battery at some point. Lee - I don't think backers are taxed. Jordi - It uses 19 IMU sensors to extract rotation from your chest, arms, hands and fingers. Using a forward kinematic skeleton it recreates your motion. Christian - Right now it plugs into one USB and uses an external plug into the wall. We're planning a wireless version with a battery at some point. Falanga Francesco - Yes, it uses one USB Richard Fleming - The system uses forward kinematics to give 6DOF to the hands and fingers. Without the chest and arm sensors there is no way to know the location of the hands. If you are trying to use the system with Sixence, there is no inherrent reason for it not to be able to be made to work. It would just need to be figured out by a developer. As is, we are constructing our system to be able to track the upper body as a stand alone system. It pairs very well with an OMni if you want locomotion from your feet, otherwise I'd recommend using a thumbstick for locomotion.