Hey Gerald, As the last update mentions I do not check Kickstarter much since all the rewards went out back in July. In looking up your order, I can see that it was sent July 31st. Shoot me an email at <email> and we can figure it out. Looks like it was returned to the fulfillment center buddy, shoot me an email and we'll sort it out Jon- Tracking # LN310088495US via USPS was shipped July 31st Hey Josh, just pm'd you- I'll look into it for ya! Kev- sent you an email with your tracking number, shipped July 30th. Fendy- please read the updates. I do not check this page frequently anymore, so email me directly with any questions. Shipment to Singapore via First Class USPS takes 2-3 weeks, you should receive it soon. OhioHead- The leather stamp does not work on the back side of leather, this is the reasoning for that. nope, got the last one Cool, thanks! Hey Edward, From that description, the hook would have to have enough force to flip completely verticle twice- we couldn't make that happen in a month of testing. Did you have keys on it? Kevin, shoot me an email at corterleather at gmail Hey Edward, very sorry you lost your hook- I've had one person loose theirs while riding a roller coaster, but never heard of it falling off while walking. I don't really understand your explanation- if you can maybe describe it a bit more clearly I'll look into it. Hey John, as I mentioned in the last update, I'm not checking this page often, so please email me.The others have emailed me, and their hooks are on the way to them. Glad you all like them! Edward- the number is just a SKU for the fulfillment center. The cordovan is green, just very dark. Should lighten up with time a bit and the green should come through Joshua- shoot me an email with details, I'll take care of it. Kevin- all orders have tracking, but we wont be sending everyone their numbers individually. If it doesn't show up in a week or so do email me for your number I'll post a proper update when they're all out- we're about half shipped, the rest should go out by mid week next week. We're still in July, still on track to make it! They're on the way to the fulfillment center, and half have shipped to their new owners! I"ll have a big final update when they're totally shipped out. Hey Jessy, having this many orders to fill at once I want to make sure I keep organized, that's all. It's only a difference of a week, and on my end it's worlds easier to be able to do final counts of everything and have everything go out at once rather than pull specific orders and ship separately to the fulfillment center. The last thing I want is to short anyone an order! Hey Wes, only the Early Adopter rewards have gone out- the rest will go out as scheduled in July by USPS first class mail Hey Norris, there's really not much to update right now- working on producing the full batch, the early adopters have all been sent except the red...just working! I'll post it up in the updates! No, hooks won't go out in order of surveys received- the fulfillment center will be sending all of them out in over 2-3 days once they're ready to ship. Hey guys, let's keep things positive here! Surveys are ready and will go out tonight and tomorrow- there's no rush, we're right on schedule. Hey Josh, I'm sure everyone runs their campaigns differently-I just want to make sure the correct questions go out. Thanks! Hey Josh! Not sure what those projects sent you, but we're not allowed to send surveys until the project ends. They'll go out next week for the rest of the reward levels- I'm working with my fulfillment center to make sure I make the survey so that we get all the info we need! I don't think so mate, late June/early July is when they're scheduled to ship out. Next week! Veronica- Survey's will go out this week! Chris- I could do pewter, yes, but I do copper on all hooks. It's very easy to switch if you'd like to, just takes a set of pliers! Kev- it'll chip a bit over time. The paint is meant to chip and ding and get a nice old used look. Tom- right now I'm not offering just the tab, but may sell them on my website later on for a couple dollars! Yep- Need Supply is the first stockist of the bottle hook. They and Blue Owl in Washington each got very small first orders from the first small batch in order for me to fund the leather stamp being made (had to Kickstart the Kickstarter!) The silver one is shown on it's back side- each hook says "designed in New England" and "made in CA" on the back. Nope, you'll get a survey at the end! All the info's at the top of the project description! Will you be doing it on the natural leather or cordovan? With the natural leather, I'd just use a pen- that way it'll be nice and dark. Wood burner would be best for the cordovan, just use it as you would on wood (or practice on wood) It'll get dinged up a little over time, but it'll pretty much stay as you see it- the copper will absolutely age more! Yes, they will be available for all reward levels. Greg- Cordovan shines up with age, it'll look really nice! The goal is to ship before July, but just to be safe, I'm going to estimate that they'll ship throughout July. I'm not going to offer a monogramming service with the tabs, this would drastically increase the price. thanks guys! Matt- thanks! As the project page mentions, you'll get a questionnaire once this is over so I can get your choices and shipping address. thanks! Meiyen- Ande Whall does what I do, but with denim instead of leather. One man show out of New Zealand. Amazing product <url>"help" section to find out exactly how, I"m sorry I can't be of more help to you! Patrick- gonna just do red for now, maybe white some day! Phoom- I believe you can go into your account and adjust your pledge to add the $10! Hey! You'll get a questionnaire thought Kickstarter to get your choice and shipping address once the project ends, thanks! Hey Daniel, the copper is plated onto the steel, the Aged Pewter is the raw steel with the aged finish and a clear coat over it. Hope this helps your decision! Hey Justin, You should be able to adjust your pledge to the Limited Edition level. I need to keep stock of how many are still available, so this would be the way to get the cordovan. Hey, thanks Adam! Excited to send some of these back to CT! I'm not sure Justin- that's very nice of you though! If you want 2 or 3, the $68 and $99 will be a better deal than one of the early adopters and two of the regulars! Thanks Michael! The keys don't release because it's a key ring, you just slide the hook off your belt loop to use your keys. It comes off easily once you get the hang of it, just a simple wrist movement you get used to in a day or two (couldn't make it too easy, don't want it falling off). I've never lost this or any other similar style key hook! Hey, thanks! It's hard to say for sure, the Early Adopter will probably go out as early in June as possible.