Hi everyone, the last we heard from Flextronics is that we will need to wait for about another week before we can get their response about the parts we will be picking up from their facility. As soon as we hear back, we'll let you know. @Bryan VanAlmkerk Many of these orders were made NCNR (non-cancelable and non-returnable). That said, we still should not have been shipped broken parts. We are talking with the vendors about returning the broken units. In one case the vendor told us they would take back the DOA parts and credit us. This was for the battery. This is part of a cautionary tale we will go into further detail about around the dangers of single-source suppliers and small companies in particular. With the battery, we had already had one supplier, Thinergy, go belly up and leave us high and dry. We identified one other supplier who could scale quickly and had similar properties. They told us that we would need to sign a waiver that the parts were NCNR. So, what are our options? We found 0 other paths that would not result in significant delays, we asked Flextronics to look into their network for an alternative, they couldn't identify anyone, so we were forced to sign it and hope for the best. @Peter We went through our photos over the past couple of years and posted them again in order to respond to requests for pictures of parts in Update #32. Apart from this, I’m not really sure how to better fulfill your request. Even if we had access to the storage facility within Flextronics (we don’t), the parts are in boxes (more often than not, in trays, in boxes, and then in larger boxes). So do you want us to take pictures of a bunch of boxes? You already think that we don’t have the parts, so I’m not sure how anything short of opening all of our boxes and dumping thousands of parts on the floor will fulfill your request. When we receive parts from Flextronics, we will post photos of this, and will open a representative box for each SKU to show the parts. However this will not happen until we pick everything up. In case you didn’t look through update 32, here’s a list of the parts in the pictures: Trays of tested and untested e-ink displays Trays of completed Base Stations Assembly of hundreds of base station flex circuits Open trays of batteries A picture of opening a box inside of shipping & receiving, to inspect quality. These boxes contain all of our plastic parts. Panels of base station circuit boards A bag of thousands of springs A tray of complete watches Hi everyone, There's been a lot wondering whether Dave and Jerry have started another Kickstarter, The short answer is no, The following is from the Epik page showing that Jerry is not involved in that project, merely helping with some keyshot rendering issues. Here's that update from Scott over at the EPIK project. copy and pasted from the EPIK page: ------ Hello, There’s clearly been some anxiety caused by comments here around an unrelated Kickstarter company/project from 2 years ago, and one of that project’s founder’s relationship with MINIMAL. The following comments address the issue. 1. We (Scott Wilson, MINIMAL and LUNATIK) have nothing to do with the CST (Central Standard Timing) project. They are independent and unrelated entities. 2. We have a well documented and credible track record on Kickstarter with 3 prior projects, which shipped product as promised. 3. I, Scott Wilson, personally backed the CST project two years ago. 4. Jerry O’Leary started working at MINIMAL in early 2015. His role at MINIMAL is based on his exceptional talent as a product designer and nothing to do with CST, the project or business. 5. While Jerry is now an employee and team-member at MINIMAL, the Epik project is being led by me, Scott Wilson. Jerry is not involved and has only helped me troubleshoot some Keyshot animation/rendering bugs. Jerry continues to work on CST in addition to MINIMAL, just as he did while at IDEO, his former employer. This is the case with many Kickstarter founders. 6. The negative comments on our message board in the past 24 hours relating to CST are due to a backer(s) of that project telling other backers to join this project for $1 so that they can come and spam our message board with CST comments. There is obvious frustration from CST backers, but the Epik message board is not an appropriate place to vent them. 7. I am not going to let a minority of outsiders that have nothing to do with the Epik project distract my team and I from delivering these products. If my explanations are not enough to put your mind at ease then it’s your choice whether or not you want to support our work and this project. Again, my/our track record(s) and reputation speak for themselves. Our original LUNATIK nano watch kits fulfilled over 350,000 units worldwide. We are using the same suppliers for Epik. Make your own informed decision. It’s unfortunate that there are a few folks out there who are intent on stirring things up based on misplaced belief’s and information. Just a reminder, Kickstarter is for new ideas. People pushing the boundaries of their respective creative fields or people with dream that no one else may believe in but possibly the greater collective crowd may. I am proud to have inspired a new generation of designers, entrepreneurs, dreamers and risk takers, however, I can only take responsibility for the projects that I have created. Best, Scott Hello backers, just so you're hearing any new info from the source, we wanted to post a quick comment. The status is that the factory making the bands in China should be able to start pumping them out starting in a few days from now (with the assumption that there are no more tolerance issues) Our metals guy at Flextronics has a recent sample of the band that he assures us checks out. Concurrently we are running as many tests as we can to make sure the encapsulated assemblies that are adhered to the bands are as robust as possible by molding circuit boards, measuring them, putting them on bands, and flexing them. We apologize for going a bit silent. We have been spending a lot of time in the shop performing these molding tests, making slight tweaks, and making very specific drawings of how the bands should be made and measured with 0 room for interpretation. The intention being this will be our last round of band samples so we can give the green light. We appreciate your patience, and look forward to getting these on your wrists as soon as we can. Hello everyone, we just received good news from our guy at Flextronics in charge of the bands. He is currently in China at the Nitinol machining / forming facility and has this to report: A large material order has been placed; the material supplier has now agreed to custom roll stock for us to make sure we are below 0.98mm. A “go” gauge has been wire cut to 100% inspect the blanks thickness We have been promised a schedule very shortly and will update as soon as we receive it. Thanks for your patience. @fred_dot_u, the results of the survey have no bearing on the quality of the final product. The final quality will be the same regardless. @Valentin. We should have had final samples we could approve a month ago. The first round looked great, but they were slightly out of thickness tolerance. The second round of samples was due to us a couple of weeks ago, but we still haven't seen it. We cannot put a timeframe on something that is already late, but we can approve the first set of samples and say "go". Thanks Uwe, we've heard this from a few of you folks. It has been noted and we'll make sure the invoice is on the outside. Thanks, Dave Kippy, we can't edit the update, but here's a link: <url>"waterproofing" as in we want it to be as waterproof as possible, while the standard that applies is "water resistance". "Water-resistancing" just doesn't have a good ring to it ;) I hope this helps clear things up. -Dave Dang, you guys are fast! Jerry just told me I should message you guys in the comments since he started replying to some people on facebook. Again we hope you understand that we are trying to coordinate the messaging as best we can. We're crafting an update currently with a schedule that is very detailed and one that we can hold our manufacturer to. We understand that you expected us to ship earlier, and we are doing everything in our power to get the watch shipped out as quickly as possible. Thanks for hanging in there, and again, apologies for the delay. -Dave Hey folks, we just landed back in California and will be working around the clock over the next week to get you a detailed plan based on where production currently is forecasted at, and push production as hard as we can. We appreciate your patience. As always we want to publish updates that answer more questions than they raise, and our next one will have some more schedule-related detail (including those gantt charts you know and love). We understand you guys are anxious to have the watch finished and in your hands, but trust us, we know that feel. We doubt there is anyone who wants these done and on your wrists more than us. Stay tuned, and thanks again everyone. -Dave Hello everyone. We are just getting back from the CES show and are making our way through our inboxes. Kickstarter has told us that there is no way for you to go in and update your survey results, so we have a system where we can add notes to your account number and then go in and update the results when we download them. So please send us a message (via the "Contact Me") link to the right, if you need to change something. If we don't reply right away it's not because we don't care, but because this process takes a bit more time than we would have hoped and there are a lot of them to go through. Below are some answers to some FAQs you guys had over the last few days: Will The PVD Coating scratch easily? No What's the size of those that you show in your pre-order website (and the Kickstarter Home page)? Medium I filled out the survey incorrectly / Kickstarter messed up my answers to the survey Please send us a private message with the correction and we will put a note in you account to change it. Can you send new pictures? The watches are being made to look as close to the prototype images on our site. We are not planning on taking new professional photos at this time. The brushed titanium looks almost identical to the brushed stainless steel, and the PVD vendor is matching the color of the PVD coating to the samples in the photos, so your preference should be no different. If I am right on the border, why choose the smaller size? We don't want the each to be so loose it falls off your wrist, and you risk breaking things if you attempt to form the watch to fit smaller on your own. When will the watch ship? The survey was sent so we know how may bands of each color and size to order. As mentioned in the survey, we aim to ship in Q1 of this year. Best, Dave Hello, for those who are asking about shipping, we expect this to be in Q1 of this coming year, as mentioned in the survey sent out. Have a happy new year everyone. We can't edit the surveys sent. Because you have to answer all of the questions, if you only pledged for 1 watch, please do as J Rey mentions, just click the "Whoops" option. thanks guys. Most of the surveys have been sent but We'll fix this for the ones about to be sent. Re: Comments about Facebook vs. Kickstarter: The reason that the two aren't completely in sync is that Jerry and I have to split up the workload between us. Jerry is more active on Facebook than I am, so we divided things this way: I handle the Kickstarter messages and posting updates. Jerry manages info@ emails and Facebook. If someone asks a question on Facebook, it sends a push notification to his phone and he can answer it pretty quickly. The Kickstarter system is not as easy on mobile, so I usually take some time to sit down and answer questions in chunks of time. Sometimes Jerry gets jazzed about what we are working on and posts a bit about it on Facebook. I'll try to be on the watch for those and post those in the comments here. We want to be the ones communicating with you, so we ask that you understand that these two systems aren't always totally in sync. I can say that we always post updates here first. Anything on Facebook is either extremely minor, or a reiteration of something already covered in an update or the FAQ. We are also trying to be considerate of not over-communicating a bunch of small things in a flurry of updates here since they are e-mailed to all of our backers. When we do send updates, they are thorough and well documented. This process takes time, but they end up being better for it, and for the most part people are happier when we take the time to author a well written, full update. That said, we realize this process can still be improved. We will do our best to make sure we cross-post anything that might be new information. We appreciate all of the support you folks have given us and want to make sure you're feelin' the love. -Dave We are delighted to have your support and your overwhelming positivity continues to energize us to keep making this the best product we can. Thanks everyone! As far as Facebook vs. Kickstarter messaging is concerned. We don't post any updates to our progress on Facebook that we don't also post here. We do answer questions on Facebook, but it's safe to say that the majority of questions that are asked have answers that can be found in our updates, or on the KS page. Thanks everyone! You will not need to worry about leaving the watch on the base station, or the battery getting too low. The battery management circuitry handles all of that. We are working on ways to show a "battery low indicator". Welshman: You don't need an account to visit our facebook page here: <url>#1 objective is delivering a high quality product. Charger Size: The charger will now be pocket-able. This is a huge deal for frequent travelers who would like to set the time on their watches on arrival at their destination. Abrasion: The bottom of the DVU has 4 holes for the data and charging ports. The edges of these holes are about 0.2 mm thick. If you are really active and the band is rubbing on your skin for an extended period of time these holes could potentially cause irritation where a smooth band wouldn't. Thickness: Charging ports behind the screen require an extra layer of adhesive and an extra layer of circuit board. Thickness we make-up here can allow us to protect the display better and/or make the watch thinner. Thinness is our #2 objective (after quality). Adhesives: Getting everything to stay stuck down on the band is not trivial. We have found that 8 holes in the back of the band could jeopardize our ability to best keep everything together. Sizes: The previous charging architecture requires a curvature that is the same through the center of the watch on all three sizes. Ergonomically, this is not ideal, our new architecture allows us to size the watches without this constraint. We hope this clarifies some of the questions around this change. We can't wait to get these watches onto your wrists and appreciate every bit of support you've given us. @Andrew Kirkovski and everyone There are more images showing the cleaner watch details here: <url>"Updates" tab directly above the green bar at the top of this page, you can see all the updates from beginning to end. Hey guys, things have been busy. We got some new matte masks in which look a lot better than the old glossy ones. Other than that we are working on some battery management circuitry to make sure the battery stays in good shape and you can't drain it by shorting the contacts. We met with some packaging companies to make sure the packaging is nice when it hits shelves. When you are trying to make something so thin and power efficient every micro-meter and every nano-amp count so the devil's in the details here which aren't too exciting. We're making good progress though! To everyone who has been asking to change their color preference: There is no need to send us a personal request, we understand your preference might change. Kickstarter only allows us to send you one survey. For this reason we are waiting until we absolutely need your color and size preferences. When we send you the survey, you select your size, color, and final mailing address. @ Bob / Re: sizing chart: The Sizing chart can be found under the "Updates" tab above, or for your convenience, here: <url>"a la carte" selection as we have received numerous requests to allow people who have already backed on Kickstarter to pre-order a second watch of a different color without needing to purchase an additional redundant base station. If you were to pre-order a watch and a base station the total is equal or more expensive than the Kickstarter, and will likely be more expensive once taxes and shipping are factored in. The other benefit of being a backer is that Kickstarter backers will be receiving the product first. @Brian Tang We are still waiting for our prototypes to get back for the different size options, and people seem to want to be able to change their color preference often. We will not sent the color & size selection survey until we absolutely need these details for final manufacturing in order to give people time to decide and to make sure we have final sizing info. The timing of the issuance of this survey will likely be in the scale of months not days. Even though the Kickstarter site says that there is 1 $99 early bird reward left, this is not the case and the campaign is actually over. We have asked Kickstarter to remove this text as it is misleading, but they have told us that they are unable to do that. If you are interested in pre-ordering at the $129 price, you can do so at centralstandardtiming.com. Sorry for the confusion. @Tommy, we will send out a survey and reward selection will be done by the amount you ended up pledging. If it only ended up being $128 we'll round up to $129 and send you a watch and a base station. If you are looking for additional units you can go to centralstandardtiming.com and preorder. @Cinder Elli, David Fowlkes We don't have the tools to manage your pledges or financial transactions. So if there are errors on that side you would need to follow up with Kickstarter or Amazon. What we will do however is that if you pledged $229 or $244 (irregardless of reward selection) we can send you two watches and one base station as your reward due to this mistake. We will send a survey to confirm sizes and colors when we need that information. Hello everyone, we just posted an update about our website: centralstandardtiming.com. We are now taking preorders there for those of you who have messaged us about where you can pre-order now that the Kickstarter campaign is over. Hi everyone! Thank you all SO much for the support and encouragement to this point! We are humbled by your response and inspired to make you all the best product possible. Because of your support we can now begin the hard work of several rounds of design for manufacture and ultimately get the ball rolling with our production partners. We have received a lot fo attention today and our mailboxes are spilling over. :) We promise to get back to each and every one of of within the next few days. The hard work begins now. :)...and we could not be more excited to move to this next phase of work. Cheers! The CST Team. @Ivan: we can build data capabilities into the USB connection of the charger. We are developing a protocol to send the types of commands you mention to the watch. Some (like reversing the display color) we plan on building as an Easter egg in the charger, some may only be done via software over USB. We won't be adding additional buttons, but want you to be able to tinker with stuff if you want. - @mick0s: you got it. That's what the 7 looks like. @Alex Mitchell. No problem, just click "Updates" above an see update #6. The update walks you through how to change your pledge. @Keith You selected the "Early Bird Special" reward level. In the description of that level it says "...your choice of color". All available colors fall into the classification of "your choice of color" and when we send the survey to you, just select "Nando Rossi" as your reward. @Welfringer Tom, we just updated the FAQ with info on scratch resistance and the front mask. The stainless steel band is extremely durable. As mentioned in the "New Color Options" update, the PVD coating is extremely wear resistant as well. @ Bob Johnson: There are a couple of waterproofing routes being investigated. We met with a few nano-coating companies at CES that we will be exploring as an option. Thanks for the input. @ Haruki Maruyama, we will send out a survey before shipping to confirm sizes and colors. We do not need that information right now and need to finalize the sizing before sending the survey. @Angus Leung and anyone else interested: We added an image to the FAQ of what the segments look like. We hope this can help explain why the font is the way it is and why we cannot add some of these requested additional features: <url>"lo" when the battery needs recharging. @Resonic, we see no hurdles in conforming to the European standards and certifying the product. Thanks Everyone! Because of your help and because we have done what we could to resolve this issue, Kickstarter removed our penalty so you can now find us through their search and browse. However, we will still need anyone left at the $229 reward level to please change your pledge to another tier. Thanks again. We will be sending out a survey after the campaign ends to clear up the details of your rewards. If anyone has a specific question about their reward please message us privately so we can help you figure it out. Hey everyone, we understand that some of you want more than one watch. However, we are not going to try to get around Kickstarter's rules here. No user account can back a reward that promises more than one watch. The idea of having a reward level that is a watch without a charging station could potentially confuse people and we could end up with unhappy customers who receive a watch that cannot be set or used. We want everyone to be happy and can't afford any more hiccups with Kickstarter as this current issue is shaping up to be one that may not be solved for a while and is already impacting our funding significantly. Please hang in there with us as we get this resolved and we plan on being able support your needs in the future. If you have any questions about your specific pledge feel free to message us directly and we will do our best to keep up with the questions. Hello Everyone. We just posted another update that details our next prototype round. Among other things this update details our initial plan for sizing. Hop over to the updates to get the details and print out a sizing chart to see which size you might fall under. (Sizing is still preliminary and could still change after this test) @Jerry McKinley, when we came up with the 200K number, this was not the number we were hoping to end the campaign receiving, it was the absolute minimum amount of money we could get and still hope to go into manufacturing with no wiggle room. We are still hoping to get into higher numbers for manufacturing as manufacturing 5000 units is still a small run. All in all we are not overwhelmed by the support, but are appreciative of it. The manufacturing partners we are talking to are well accustomed to producing quantities much higher than where we are currently at. Thanks Everyone! @ John Shin, the time is user-configurable to be 12 or 24 hr format from the base station. @ M Mason we are working on our next round of prototype bands. These will have a deeper pocket so the mask can be recessed. @Ian Frankham The Micro-Energy Cell has no memory effects at all! Feel free to charge it nightly or every time it goes low. @Ian, @Courtney, The display will reverse colors and display the word "lo" @RankWinner Sizes are at the top of our list right now. Primarily testing how small can we go. Making larger watches is no problem. @ Mark S I opened our case of Design Validation Units and measured where they ended up after CES. They range from 17.5 cm to 19.5 cm circumference @Hung Tran Khanh These are different things. The $229 reward should fall under the "sensible set" definition Kickstarter has in place. Don't worry you should be all good. Thanks for the support! @ Eric Sisneros this could be easily accomplished via an easter egg in software. We like matching the band to the display, but if there are enough of you that want a reversed out one we'll throw that in the code. -Dave @Paul You are correct, there is a small percentage of nickel in the alloy (8% in our current bands). Fortunately, the property of stainless steel to form its chromium oxide passivation layer (the layer that keeps it from oxidizing) also protects skin from nickel release. Because of this layer, the 8% Nickel will behave as <0.1% nickel as far as your skin is concerned. We want to make sure that our watch is safe to wear and will be running tests to make sure it will on par with or above the level of safety as other trusted watches currently in daily usage. Thanks for your support. @Bert, the watch only displays the time. @Robert Kwiecien, the charger is powered from a standard microUSB cable that can plug into any standard USB port. Depending on need and cost we will decide whether a universal power supply is included. @Matthew Tones our next test with our metal vendor is to get a 0.8 mm band so this overhang disappears. We want all the details to be dialed in as much as possible @Jelle Prins we will have different size bands to accommodate most wrist sizes. @paul, the only nickel in the band is on the magnets which we should be able to substitute for gold plated. @Patrick Chrisnach, we will be seeking CE certification and feel confident we can achieve it. @Josh McCormick the white and black units will function identically aside from one having black numbers on a white background and the other having white numbers on a black background. Neither wil likely fully flash every minute. @John Hughes After wearing this for a while I can say that reading at night has not been an issue. The numbers are so large and the contrast so high that you would need to be in pitch dark to have trouble with reading it. Reading it in dimly lit places is not an issue. I'm not sure if photos will be able to show this but I will attempt some shots and release in an update if possible. @Bruce Powell It's good to know that there is a precedent set here. We will be happy to do this provided we aren't overstepping our bounds. We have reached out to Kickstarter to see if this is their preferable way of dealing with these requests and will send out another update when we hear back. Re: Laying out the numbers sideways: Early on in the development process we experimented with all sorts of different layouts and one of those was a vertical orientation. We chose our design for a variety of reasons, one being that it is a more simple and classic layout for displaying the time. After wearing the watch for a few days, we found that we start to check the time differently and it is in many ways preferable. The numbers are so large and high contrast, we don't need to lift the watch close to our faces to read it, we can simply glance down at our wrists and read the time. @Ian Frankham We are absolutely working on getting the color match as close as possible. We are currently on the second iteration of matching, but expect we can dial it in even closer. @Bruce Powell and others The flashing currently happens every minute, but this is software configurable. We are working on tests to see whether the watch will still look just as good by only doing a full refresh every hour or every 15 minutes. You are correct that this will extend battery life. Hello everyone! We are back from CES and want to take some time to answer your questions. We just posted an update so people won't need to scour the comments for this info. Head over to the update for more detailed information. The major question is about multiples. Under their new guidelines, Kickstarter limits rewards to single items or "sensible sets". We added a reward where you get one of each color, but only one base station for those of you who need to be able to have the option to rock either color. Thank you to everyone who has backed! Your support is incredible. We assembled a FAQ on our page that should answer most of your questions. Thanks again!