@mesmerised If it possible that we just didn't have an address for you on file. Please send me a PM with your full name, mailing address, and email you used to back and I will dispatch a replacement for you. :) @Jeremy Sorry about that! We can get another one to you, no problem. Send me a direct message with the preferred mailing address for delivery and I will have it sent as soon as we get back from OrcCon this weekend :) @賴大鐵 I will send you a direct message on Kickstarter to get you more info :) Hi Larry, Wrote back again with your confirmation number :) Thanks! @Larry I got your email this morning and you should have a response waiting in your inbox. :) @Alice Thank you for your support. For anyone who is curious about the exchange with this particular customer, the context of a cancelled pledge requires that it is un-deliverable due to a lack of address or other critical information and includes a refund. This was disclosed, and I submitted the order to ShipNaked by hand before EoB last week. @Dave Just sent you a direct message :) @Steve I wrote to you several hours ago asking for your address. You still have not provided it. @Steve / DO NOT A response is in your Kickstarter inbox. I can see that our response was still provided within one business day. All of your concerns have been addressed there. You will get your order as soon as I have the information I require to error check ShipNaked's records. Thank you. ShipNaked messes up your order and you change your username to "DO NOT BUY FROM Magic Meeple Games"? Whatever it is that I have done to personally offend you, this is not the venue for it. I will and have consistently addressed all of the problems we have encountered with ShipNaked, and your case is no different. You will get what you paid for. Please do not bring this abusive behavior to our campaigns in the future, it is completely unnecessary. @David @Russell If you haven't already, please send me a direct message about your missing orders. It is the best way to make sure I am getting all the requests logged properly. The comments are not a good place to ensure all the information is in-hand. :) That last comment was in fact me, system was still logged into Trish's acct. >_< @James I think you just won the award for most awesome playthrough report so far! Thank you for sharing! @Aureliano Glad to hear it arrived safe and sound. Thank you for the feedback about the insert, in the future we might try a different solution for that. @Jonathan H Apologies for that packaging error. We will make note of it and address the rate of failure we are experiencing with our manufacturer. Please let me know if you need any assistance with getting a replacement, ShipNaked.com/replacements has the Meeples :) @James I do not have access to any information regarding who specifically Happyshops is shipping with. I recommend reaching out to them directly or seeing if Shipnaked.com/status can answer that, perhaps. @TheDoctor I apologize for the difficulty, I am relieved to hear that you have a tracking number so our job was done, but the postal service can be troublesome sometimes :( @Lots of folks yeah, I think we might make an addendum file for BGG with enlarged images for the player boards. They work, but the pieces turned out larger than expected once everything came out in meatspace and it's one thing I would have liked to change in retrospect. @John Yes, if your aim is to eliminate a particular Research card from the supply, you can in fact discard one you have just collected to reduce your 'hand' to the requisite one Research card limit. @Raymond If you still haven't gotten a response, send me a direct message please @James Hancock Very happy it arrived safe and sound. I can get a replacement die sent to you if you like, please send me a direct message if you haven't already. @Vas Yes, the retail release for orders begins the week of October 10th, 2016. @John Oh no! Thank you for letting me know about that. It is supposed to say that if you have more than 1 Research card in your possession you have to discard down to 1 immediately. @JKP Send me a PM about those dice, please. I have the replacement parts you need! @everyone Lots of similar questions so I am going to answer all of them at once as much as I can with the next update. We know what the supply is for the Expansion Pack #1 at BGG and if they start to run low, I can resupply them or I can make them available directly. I made sure there would be enough for everyone and I'm not going to artificially create a shortage. :) @Greg Yes, the first page of the rulebook shows the contents of the whole game and quantities of each component to expect @Alice & Jan I have made management of ShipNaked aware of this situation and they are working with me to investigate. Alice, if you need a last-minute address change, please let me know in a direct message so we can make sure you get it on the first try. @John Expansion Pack #1 will be offered at the BGGstore. The Mini-Expansion unlocked during the KS campaign is included in every copy of the game. *their retail order, that is, not their pledge. @Austin Smith I can't control what prices are set by these retailers. The only people that have the game right now are those that backed and if they want to sell it below cost, that is their problem. I'm not going to do business with online retailers who want to undercut local game stores. My liaison at Hitpoint sales and I are going to have a chat about this and their order may not be fulfilled. @Matt <url>#1 to BGG after all of the KS rewards are fulfilled. So it shouldn't be very long after the "street date" for the game's release to retail stores. :) Update incoming with info for you, Marc! :) Thanks for the updates on your email situations. I am working to find out what the issues are with the system or if they are just backed up. I will report back as soon as I hear. Everyone will get their game, I will make sure of it :) I appreciate everyone letting me know! Filling out the form at <url>#1 will be priced at $5 USD Yes, there will be! Probably after Phoenix Comicon :) If any of you are going, I will have the Darkrock Ventures pre-production copy to see and play! :D @Greg Not to worry, I will personally ensure every backer who wants one will be able to get one, even if I have to mail it myself. ;) Expansion pack #1 was not part of any locked or unlocked stretch goals and was not intended to be included in the base copy of the game. We have invested some of our own money to have these produced in partnership with BoardGameGeek to offer them as a bonus and get some additional content on offer for everyone until we are at a point where can focus in on all the things we'd like to work into a proper boxed expansion. We could create an addendum to the deluxe print-and-play just for you folks though if that is something that everyone would be interested in having as another recompense for the turbulence. I am, however, having some extra packs made and sent directly to us for giveaways. I would like to celebrate the shipping date by giving a bunch of packs away to our backers (and probably some keys for the Tabletop Simulator DLC too! and prototypes of Fire of Eidolon too! It'll be like the holidays in the summertime.) So look forward for more on that when we get closer! We'll share what we know as soon as we know it! Thanks again everyone for your participation in the Poll in the last update. It looks pretty clear now that the divide is only slightly in favor of doing the DLC launch as soon as possible, which is a far cry from a 75% majority, so unless the scales tip dramatically very quickly, we will certainly be pushing the release of the digital versions back. How far we can push it depends a little bit on them but it won't be before the ship-date (obviously) but that will be the point at which we can no longer do anything regarding shipping or manufacturing for DRV! (then the retail distributors get to make some decisions with us) So we'll be putting finishing touches on those things at that point and probably gearing up for the Fire of Eidolon KickStarter as far as we can push it out to the actual delivery of DRV without bankrupting ourselves by waiting idle for too long. We will do our best to preserve the integrity of our honest intentions when we set out to create this game to the best of our collective ability and ensure everyone gets what they paid for, that is our top priority. :) Due to this possibility that we might have to launch a campaign for FoE before DRV is on some of your shelves, I'm cooking up one more small reward that I think we can have the distributors drop into the box for everyone, still waiting to hear back on our options regarding that, but it's something that I can do to affect positive change because we truly wanted to have this in on all of your tables before even thinking about this. That may sound a little hat-in-hand but it is the truth, circumstances we didn't have full control over made us late and we want to make it right. We also want to make everyone feel like they can be a part of the decisions that get made about our future projects (Because you deserve to! You all invested in us!) so we're looking for the best possible ways to make that work as well. But, nobody panic! Nothing is final yet and there is plenty of time to work things together to the best possible outcome for *everyone*. Darkrock Ventures will be delivered, hopefully there is no doubt left about that. We had a meeting with Gamelyn Games earlier today to talk about logistics for Darkrock Ventures and for Magic Meeple Games going forward, so this is still very much a co-published project and we want everyone to be as confident in our track record are they are in Gamelyn's. This has kind of turned into a mini-update at this point, hasn't it? (I'll post a comment on the update too to make sure everyone knows!) Welp, more news: We might be at Gamex in LA here in a couple of weeks! Working on that right now, in fact! Also: thank you to everyone who said or sent congratulations for the Eskue family's new addition! Here's to growing up a gamer! Cheers everyone and thank you all so very much for your support! - Ian Thanks! :) @james The cards and tracker boards will all still have the linen finish of course :) but the board will be better for it! @Greg That's the plan. I expect to hear from manufacturing next week regarding when the run will be complete and then on a boat. Will share as soon as we know! :) Yes! An update is pending. We have done our analysis of the proof and we are only waiting until after our phonecall with the manufacturing liaison to go over notes and some color corrections. The call will happen tomorrow so I expect to be attaching a lot of photos to a new update tomorrow evening :) @Greg Thank you! We understand it sucks hearing that we are just going from wait to wait but this is the home stretch and we will deliver! Darkrock Ventures has and always will be our #1 priority until it is in your hands. When we get the manufacturer's proof we will expedite the approval process to make sure we can go to full and final production as quickly as possible, but we'll need to be 100% certain that there are no errors on the product first because that could be a catastrophe and it would be a disservice to you all. We humbly thank you all once again and continue to appreciate everyone's support and patience! @Greg We've got one cooking right now! Expect an update very soon :) @Marc It could, we are unsure yet. Since we got other components manufactured ahead of time we might be able to offset some of that delay that would have otherwise compounded it. Lunar New Year and all. @Vas Soon, we hope! We're getting ready to push the button on printing and once that's done everything will be on its way :) Thanks Greg! We're thrilled to be working on something new for all you fine gentlemen and ladies. :) @Paul Thank you!! @Backers The download link for part 2 of the PNP is in the latest update (and the permissions have been fixed) :) Enjoy! Good Afternoon All Mrs. Magic Meeple here. @Gianluca Casu The PnP is ready, we are just waiting for the rules to be completed. They are at the graphics designers now. Should be end of January. We hope you all have had a safe and happy new year!! :) We are very excited with the progress of the bits and dice from our manufacturer and will continue updating you with news as we have it! Have a wonderful day!! @Greg Definitely! When I have more to report. Currently, the wooden bits and dice have been greenlit and are in mass production now. The printed components are almost ready, just awaiting the finishing touches on the box and rulebook and then we're ready to go. :) @Joseph @Vas Please check your direct messages :) I do have some news to share about the board size! I am actually writing an update right now and that will be one of the points of discussion :D Earlier this year we decided to do something both terrifying and life-changing, start a company and walk away from the lives we knew before to take a risk and follow our passion for games to the next level. We weren’t sure if it would work. We weren’t sure if we would succeed. We weren’t sure if we would be accepted. We were confident in what we were doing and the projects we had planned, but you just never *know for sure*. We cannot place a value on the support of our families, friends, and fans over this past year to help us realize Magic Meeple Games and begin a new journey. To all those who gave us a chance, spoke up to cheer us on, back our projects, offer advice, give encouragement, and to everyone reading this right now: THANK YOU. We are thankful for all of you on this Thanksgiving and we wish the best for all of you this season and always. Sincerely, Ian & Trish Magic Meeple Games @Mark I have re-sent your invitation :) Thanks! @Joseph Your invite has been re-sent! Thank you! :) @DeQuan Happy to hear that! Please let me know if you have any trouble, we're happy to help :) @Greg Ehh, something funny happened I'm not sure if it worked, please let me know. The same link from the previous emails should still be valid though :) @Greg I have requested PledgeManager resend your invitation email :) Thanks! @Vas PledgeManager is reporting that your order is complete :) Thanks! Hi everyone :) I deeply appreciate the fervent support from everyone, even if you do disagree with one another. :) Some people don't like to see other campaigns promoted in the comments and I deeply understand and respect that point of view. I have to also recognize that if not for that same kind of promotion on other campaigns, some of our backers wouldn't be with us today. All promotions of outside campaigns in our comments have consistently been accompanied with a high level of involvement and participation with this campaign, which is to say, I can tell they aren't just spammers and that kind of community building and "hey I saw a cool thing" sharing is one of the things that makes Kickstarter so wonderful. I also understand that some people don't like that and I completely respect and uphold their right to ignore those promotional comments. Let me just say that we are completely honored and flattered to have two individuals on the internet arguing about how best to treat *us* instead of the other way around. I honestly wasn't sure how to respond to that at first. All of you ladies and gentlemen have been awesome to us. Thank you for your confidence! @Cal @Greg Thank you for the support! :) We appreciate the good feedback very much I have some good news, our PledgeManager is almost ready to go, I have looked over the page in test mode and there are just a couple small corrections to make and I'll send out a formal update with the appropriate information! Thanks! Hi Cal, Not since our last update. The manufacturer's best guess says we should be OK but we won't know for sure until we have a physical mockup done and we can get it on a scale along with the packing materials included. :) All in process as planned. We'll let everyone know for sure once we hear back. @Greg That is our intention, yes. If it doesn't work out we will keep the built-in survey in our back pocket. :) (Still working with Pledgemanager to get everything set up) @Greg Our plan is to have everything necessary included in the PledgeManager :) @Keith Definitely! As soon as it is ready we will give you ladies and gentlemen all the links! :) Hi everyone! Just wanted to give everyone an insider-update real quick, we're in negotiations currently with TableTopia to have our games featured on their new platform, which will allow you to play games on any computer and also iOS/Android devices. More as it develops! We're getting ready to open up an automated way to take pre-orders for Darkrock Ventures for anyone that missed the KS campaign (will not be the same KS price, BTW. We said you guys would get the best price and we're sticking to that!) but if you know someone who missed out that would like a chance to back late before we go live with that, let us know and we'll give them the scoop on how to get in. In other news, our manufacturer is working on a couple quotes for us to figure out the viability of that extra board enlargement. Will update again when we know more! Thank you all for your support!! @Keith & Vas Currently, we are working on finalizing the rulebook and graphics so the deluxe PNP can be built and the actual order for the physical product can be placed. Our goal for all of this lands right around the 30-days-after-the-end-of-the-Kickstarter mark. The PledgeManager survey for everyone should be going live at about the same time as well. Thanks for your support!! @Daniel For the premium Print-n-play the board will be full-size but it will need to be printed in quadrants and assembled. We will make that available as soon as the graphics and rulebook are finalized. :) @Vas We plan to open the post-KS survey along with the PledgeManager at about the 30-days-after mark while we tie up loose ends. Even now Kickstarter is still processing all the pledges. :) @Travis Thank you very much! We will definitely keep updating the comments on a regular basis and post updates when there is something significant to report, we're glad to have you aboard! :) @Frank Thank you for chiming in! @Chris There is also a great video from Undead Viking on the project page as well :) @Baginses We too have seen some of the nightmare horror stories just like that. This is the source of our reluctance to *promise* that we can do it, but we are really confident that we can. :) Thanks for the support! @Greg We have not publicly released the text of the solo/co-op rules, they will be released once we have finished refining them. :) Thanks! Thank you everyone! The difference your encouragement makes to us is immeasurable. :) You guys worked REALLY hard to get that board upgrade. Don't give up hope, we're going to try to find a way, stay tuned for the next update everyone. THANK YOU! WE DID IT GUYS!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!! @Chantal so are we! - Trish @Vas Barry is correct, we created that option for our Friendly Local Game Stores, because we love you guys!! :) - Trish @John If we do not reach our stretch goal, we will be doing heavy consulting with our manufacturer, and keeping our backers up to date. However rest assured retail will be no different than your copy. We would not do that to our backers. - Trish @Frank (I can see your comment in email just not on the page at the moment) They are using Tabletop Simulator, and we think it would be cool to have a digital copy of the game. Stay tuned after the campaign. - Trish (Mrs. Magic Meeple) We're counting down the final moments live! <url>#BestBackers @Morten Thanks for weighing in! Pretty much so far the response has been the same, forget the box bling and get a bigger board. If we can make it work, I think our path is clear so far. We're really glad everyone is offering their opinions, but if you disagree, please don't be shy! We want as many opinions as possible and there are no wrong answers or judging here. :) @Brant Thanks!! I think you guys are going to like what we have cooked up next (Spoiler: It's from Scott Almes.) In other news: I just heard back from the manufacturer, they are going to try and get me a ballpark estimate on that asap ;) @Chuck Thanks! :) I have been asked in response to the last update: "What exactly do you mean by interior box printing?" To use an example from our co-publisher, Gamelyn Games, it is essentially this: <url>"I wrote in a little more detail what the goings-on for the board are right now in the last update" Who needs sleep, it's boss-rush time on these Stretch goals :D Cheers! @Rich & Barry Thank you both for the feedback! I write in a little more detail what the goings-on are for the board right now. We know exactly what Spot UV will cost, but we are still waiting to hear about the board size which surprisingly might have a much bigger impact on cost. We are not placing the importance of one over the other, but rather taking advantage of the information we have right this second and trying to get the missing info we need to make that 14x14 board possible for you all without endangering the manufacturing or fulfillment process. If we don't hear back until after the campaign ends, we would be delighted to offer it after the fact based on Pledgemanager sales or some other metric--or maybe even just as a thank you to the best backer community we have ever seen! Thanks for sticking with us! @Allen Thank you VERY MUCH for this question. YES! You can! That is one of the primary reasons we are making a very real investment in the PledgeManager service to give everyone an opportunity to upgrade their pledge after the campaign ends. If your budget is too tight right this second (and we know that better than anyone, GenCon just ended!) Pledging $1 now is an ideal way to lock-in your price and when the PledgeManager survey goes live you'll have your chance! Backing now at any amount helps us with our stretch goals and the more backers we have and the higher our total goes, the better we can make the same for the same price per unit. Waiting until PledgeManager hits to upgrade is the next best thing, so THANK YOU for jumping in and helping us produce this great game! Someday I will finish writing this update, but for now I need to rewrite a section because you all broke ANOTHER Stretch goal!!! #Bestbackers @Ben Thanks for the feedback! Here is where we are currently with the enlarged board: We are currently waiting to hear back from the manufacturer about how much increasing the board a second time will impact cost and weight. If we hear back in time and it is realistic for us to include that upgrade, we will add that stretch goal in. If we don't find out until afterward and it still makes sense, there is a chance we can include it anyway. Until we hear back though, we are on hold with that aspect right at this time :) Thank you everyone for letting us know! We'll do our best to make it happen! Woohoo! Another stretch goal shredded! Update incoming! THIS JUST IN: Final 48 Hours begins NOW! Please re-share and re-tweet about this Kickstarter Campaign so everyone can see what we have accomplished so far! New Stretch Goal added: Spot UV at $50,000! We are awaiting quotes back from the manufacturer before inserting a Stretch Goal to increase the board size to 14"x14". If we can accomplish this without too much of an adverse effect on production cost and shipping, we'll add it in too! Also don't forget, we're going live to unveil Co-Op Mode in about an hour on youtube: <url>"No, I use ____ instead."? I'd love to hear more about it and using that data to our mutual advantage :) Thanks again! @Jan Thank you for the recommendation! Our demos were done on 10x10 boards and those were just barely big enough, 12x12 should be comfortable but we can go bigger if that is what the backers want! Should we do another survey about this? Are there others who would want to see the board go up to 14"x14"? The game has a very nice small table presence right now but that doesn't have to be the law. :) THANKS EVERYONE!! @ashley I apologize, I never meant to imply or suggest any kind of insult to your intelligence at all. i don't believe anyone feels anyone else here in an idiot at all. We're all here trying to make this game great and I think that speaks very highly to everyone's intellect and taste. I know there are a lot of people who don't use or like Twitter and Facebook. I used to be one of them and in the interest of perfect honestly, I kind of had to "learn to love them" out of necessity a little bit. It doesn't surprise me that there are still lots of people who don't. It would make my job a lot easier if everyone would just settle on one and we could be done with it. I completely expect the day to come where Facebook and Twitter are obsolete and go the way of MySpace, it's probably inevitable at this point with the way things are developing and moving. Our choices to measure our social media footprint with Facebook and Twitter is not intended to devalue or insult anyone else's preference, and we openly welcome any feedback or suggestions that could help us improve our position on these fronts. I would be happy to add more achievements for other social media platforms if you would like to make a recommendation. I see that at nothing but a good thing and another opportunity to cater to backers like you who have different preferences. Your feedback was deeply appreciated and we are very thankful for your enthusiasm. I am glad you came forward with your input and I hope you will continue to provide it! :) Thank you!! Thank you for that, Teel, you're amazing at this :D @Ashley Basically Teel nailed it. Facebook and Twitter are the locations currently that house the biggest communities for boardgames and kickstarter. It is not an indicator at all that they are my favorite platforms personally but they are where we can easily measure and extend our reach. The more followers we have, the wider our reach, which means more people that are aware of our campaigns and their shares reach their networks and so on like a giant internet spiderweb of "Hey have you seen this cool thing??" It is a tool that will help us produce better campaigns with better products, the more backers we can attract, the lower our production costs become per-unit of the game, which means we can include more awesome features and inclusions (like custom meeples and fancier cardstock and linen finishing) for the same dollar-per-backer. Yes, it is marketing and marketing can be a dirty word in the hands of the wrong people. But I like to think of it as an opportunity to provide a game that looks like a $100 package for the same $39 price whereas we would normally be producing a $39 game that costs $39, which isn't dishonest--but if we can do better we strive to! Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook help us to do that (even if I am in the minority in liking Google+ an awful lot) :) Like Teel said, new social media platforms are popping up all the time. Not long ago Instagram was a brand new thing and now we have Periscope which is exploding. If there is a community that doesn't yet know about what we are doing, let us know! We want to seek them out and show them what YOU GUYS are accomplishing in this awesome campaign! :D Thanks for the feedback and thank you for being a part of this project! Thank you Teel! @Jan Teel is correct it is 12"x12" total (unfolded). Another stretch goal BUSTED!!!! Stay tuned for what comes next! Achievement Get! 500 Facebook page likes unlocked another Corporate Sponsor card, bringing the current total to 10! 38k! Another stretch goal down! Achievement Unlocked!!!! 500 Twitter Followers!!!! Welcome to all of our new backers, lots of new names today that is awesome!! @Caleb Welcome to the party! We're honored that we got you to sign up with Kickstarter :) Thank you very much! THIS JUST IN: This project has been selected as a Kickstarter STAFF PICK! Thank you to the #BestBackers on the internet who made this possible! Welcome to all of our new backers! We're only a handful of Twitter followers and Facebook Likes away from adding two more cards! Go team! :D WOW everyone! Two more stretch goals broken! Update incoming! Thanks for the input so far everyone, and thank you Michael for pushing us over that milestone!! Woohoo, we've unlocked another stretch goal! Update incoming @Curtis Yes! I did not want to reveal more at that time because we were still fine-tuning it, but we are planning Solo AND Co-Op play via the posted stretch goal we revealed very recently. Co-Op mode is ideal for groups of 2. The research deck added on with our first Mini-expansion stretch goal also helps the 2-player experience dramatically giving players more tension with the special abilities those cards provide. :) Thanks for the question and your support! @chuck Great idea!! I will fix that immediately :D New main page image for the final week and a new stretch goal added to get pumped up about :) If anyone has any ideas about how to extend our reach and get even more backers to join in on this great game, we'd love to hear them! @Marc & Kyle Welcome aboard! Thanks for pushing us over the top! Stretch goal BUSTED!! @ViaSeattleite Thank you very much for your kind compliments! :) We're happy to be of service! I would like to take a moment to clarify, the solo and co-op modes are not something we just came up with in response to any reviews, in earnest we have been planning them for quite some time and refining the mechanics over the past couple of months. Nothing has been (or ever will be) haphazardly tacked-on to any of our products or campaigns. :) My plan was to reveal these goodies toward the end of the campaign as a big surprise with a drumroll, etc. for everyone to get excited about in the final days, but that may have been a mistake and we have an opportunity to correct it and benefit everyone involved. Thank you everyone who reached out and told us (very kindly, might I add) how they felt and what they wanted out of this product. That kind of feedback is how great things happen! Be home soon! Cheers, Ian **NEWS ALERT** Hi everyone! We are wrapping up the last day of GenCon currently, but we have gotten an overwhelming response in this campaign requesting a Solo play mode for Darkrock Ventures. This is something we have been planning to include as one of our final stretch goals due to cost, but the demand cannot be ignored. Our aim is to back the backers and find ways to make it work in everyone's favor. So, I would like to make an informal announcement that our next stretch goal to be announced will be for the second mini-expansion, which will introduce SOLO and CO-OP play, with some additional components to facilitate those play modes. We hope this will alleviate some of the concerns that some of you have had to Rahdo's specific feedback about the pace of a 2-player game, and bring more backers to the campaign to benefit everyone who is receiving a copy of the game. I will write a more formal campaign update tomorrow when we return from this trip. Thank you all for your support and for the feedback telling us what you want to make this game even better! Please share this news anywhere you like, let's get that crowd to join this party! Thank you all, Ian Thanks Chuck!! Got my thumb, I'll upload some more photos to the page soon as well! Let's get that post-GenCon rush over here :) Finished up at the Nerd Nighters party at GenCon and it looks like we won over a handful of new backers, so welcome folks! More demoing where we can find chances to do it coming up (possibly) late tomorrow and most definitely on Sat and Sun. Twitter will tell you all of my secrets! :) Thank you all!! New Stretch Goals have been posted as well as a new update sent out. Anyone at Gencon looking to meet up please reach out to Trish at @mrsmagicmeeple or Ian at @magicmeeple via Twitter! We would love to see all of you! @Gianluca & Raymond Thank you! Welcome to the party!! After a 3am departure and a lot of "Well that was unexpected" we're in Indianapolis and getting ready for the fun to begin tomorrow! Hello GenCon! Stay tuned to @MagicMeeple on Twitter to find us :) @Iain, James, & Teel Thank you all!! ...Custom meeples, you say? I think there might be something about that in my notes. ;) We're GenCon bound! Leaving home in about, uh...seven hours or so. Hope to see a LOT of you there. Keep an eye on @MagicMeeple to find out whereabouts and meetup opportunities to play DRV! @Gareth I think it depends on the game and type of bit, unless they are meant to be highly-detailed miniatures, the shape of wooden pieces leaves more to the imagination and wooden bits have more of a timeless feel. I have always preferred the really old sets of Monopoly that use wood for the houses and hotels over the modern plastic ones :) @Raymond I can make sure to stop by those places, I will have to verify our schedule and tweet our location often. If I can set aside a block of time we'll add it to the event calendar on our website :) @Chuck Yes, we have been testing some cool inclusions for some time now and we are getting ready to reveal them soon :) @Ben ....maaaaaybe :) @Maurice I can make the deluxe PnP available for backers above that level, certainly. If you want a copy, let me know after the campaign ends and I'll take care of ya! @TwistedIndigo Adam was the best man at my wedding. We'll be okay :) @MigF We completely understand :) But can assure you, this is correct and stable. Welcome to the mad house! Lets get the party started!! @migf What you are seeing in the pledges does not seem to include any over-pledged amount Ladies and gentlemen, we have just reached our funding goal. I want to thank Adam Powell from the bottom of my heart and let everyone know our stretch goals will be updated this afternoon, I am on my way to meet up with the Cards N Chit podcast! Thanks everyone! @James You too, JR! Thanks for the plug :D Backer alert! We just got our 400th backer, thank you very much to Adam White (who has a pretty cool game on KS right now called Fire Ants that you should all go see!) New review from @DEMO_KEN, check it out! <url>" was usable but not very comfortable. 12" Doesn't add that much to the footprint, but makes play a lot less dexterity-based. :)