Hello fans, Devium is proud to announce we now have unpaid staff who will be posting weekly updates. Every Thursday we're making a commitment to give you an update, even if its not significant. These will occur weekly until our product has shipped. First update is scheduled to start next week on Facebook and Kickstarter. Thank you very much for your patience up to today. Devium Hello Matthew, I will have more updates this weekend but as a medium update; I went out to the facility in Colorado Springs, CO that is populating our PCBs and providing DFM support. We are testing our main boards and they are working. No smoke! ;) The exterior components for the first 10 units will arrive in Colorado Springs August 27th. We had some delays with production of the first 10 units. Not due to design but with manufacturing. Once we have those units and everything assembled by the 28th we will be able to review any discrepancies and then have the manufacture begin production of the molds. The molds are the long lead item to production. Once the molds finish up, they will begin manufacturing the exterior components. In parallel we are working with our PCB manufacturer and board population facility to complete the electronics. We will be shipping completed components from manufacturer to the states via air freight instead of ocean freight; this will save us a 4-6 week delay. I think we will be ready to being shipping Dash end of Sept, beginning of October, barring any delays from manufacturers. Out of all the technical, business, and leadership knowledge I have learned, patience has been the most difficult for me. Internally we move rather quickly but interacting with external business to rely on their expertise and capabilities has required patience. I want my product, now. They have to follow their processes and fit us into a schedule. Having the manufacturing and some parts of the business outsourced has allowed Devium to exist without requiring infrastructure but has consequences. I have learned an incredible amount when it comes to manufacturing consumer products and we have brought on some very talented people to help move the product along. This is helping us understand and plan accordingly as we move forward. Rest assured everyone is going to receive their Dash. This product is too awesome to not be delivered, I want one too. Hey Guys, We have lagged a bit on updates and sending out the tshirts and postcards. It has been an incredibly busy month making sure the software and hardware are coming along as we want. We just ordered the Tshirts and postcards. When I receive them I will post an update and they will head out the next day. The alpha test of the Dashboard app is going well We are receiving some great feedback and I will post some images of the app this week as well. As for the supposed iPhone 5 19 pin connector, we have to wait for the announcement we cannot move forward with that without an official statement. If it occurs though, we will create a faceplate for the new connector. I will send out a true update tomorrow evening on our current status, next 60 days, and the future. I appreciate everyone's patience and excitement. I cannot wait to deliver Dash to you! Hello Sohjsolwin, Yes. All faceplates are built or will be built so that you will be able to have a case on your phone as you describe. Hello Brett, Email should work now; <email> and <email> Hello Brett, We are moving to Devium.com and looks like some of the forwarding has not propagated or it has been setup improperly. IT is working it. I appreciate the heads up! Email me <email> If you purchased a T-Shirt along with Dash I was going to ship them at the same time but if you would like it before then I will be happy to ship it this week. Hello Brett, That was my mistake I should have included a field for the color, I apologize. I did include a field for any information you needed to send my way. Are you able to update the survey? If you are unable to update the survery, please email <email> and include your name, address, and faceplate color. Thank you @Sohjsolwin You bring up good points. Dash has an external mic input for the reasons you described. I appreciate taking the time to contact me to resolve and questions you have. Let me know if you have additional questions. @Razvan Thank you! @Brettt Thank you! Let's talk in the coming months and I'll see if we have an opening for Beta testing. If nothing else I may go on a Colorado trek hand delivering Dash. @Robert We are proud too! Thank you! @Christian I will sleep when the first Dash goes out the door. @Casey The electronics are manufactured in Colorado and we are working with several aluminum extrusion and CNC manufactures in the U.S for the Head Unit and Faceplates. Dash will be assembled in Colorado. @Okor check out our latest update, Dash now includes an AM radio to supplement the FM Radio, both are HD capable @Jeffrey At the completion of the campaign, I am contacting all of the supporters for mailing info and clarification on the faceplate(s) they ordered , let me know that you also got a T-Shirt. Thank you for your support Jeffrey! @Aleksandr Updated design @Aleksandr Good input. I will simplify them and post a revised version later tonight. @Sandro We are developing that feature. It may be released with the Car Connectivity Kit later this year or on its own early 2013. @Ben Yes we will continue with the custom colors but they may only be available online. <url>’s built in mic for calls. Apple has a limitation on sending call audio over the 30 pin connector but the built in loud speaker works well for the call audio. The iPhone's built in mic does a wonderful job at picking up your voice. Devium is a member of Made for iPhone/iPod and we are looking into a solution that doesn’t use bluetooth to get phone call audio over the speakers. If it comes down to it though, we will add bluetooth for phone call audio. We are not fans of bluetooth but it may be necessary to accommodate phone calls, this would have the added benefit of allowing music and other audio sources to continue playing if you pull your phone out of Dash for some reason. Due to request, I am going to include an FM Radio and associated app. In my test vehicle GPS has not been affected. If an antenna is warranted we will develop one or recommend a solution that's already available. Hello James, You could install Dash upside down! There will be an aux input on the rear of Dash so you can pipe in another audio source. This allows for Sat radio or a passenger to use their smart phone. I am collecting updates to Dash and will post them this weekend with the "Day in the Life" video of Dash. Hello Aldo, Yes there will be four preamps; Front, Rear/Sub. The bumper case on the iphone 4/4S will fit and cases similar in size.