Keep the questions coming! Let’s finish strong! @Nick Farrow Dashbot is built on C.H.I.P. Pro and does run Linux. It’s all open source so you can create your own programs, change Dashbot’s animations and voice, and extend the hardware however you see fit. Dashbot is software compatible with C.H.I.P., so anything that will run on C.H.I.P. will run on Dashbot. @Sean Havins Offline, Dashbot will have limited voice recognition. You’ll still be able to playback local files from your phone or any files connected via Dashbot’s USB or the Micro SD card slot. Without a data connection, it will lack connection to any cloud service that provides music streaming. @Rob Johnson The FM transmitter connects via Dashbot’s AUX cable. Promising compatibility with 3rd party accessories is difficult, but if your current FM transmitter accepts Dashbot’s 3.5mm AUX plug, then it should work well. @Jean Dashbot won’t support aptX. @Jonathan Frederickson Dashbot’s software will be available in full upon fulfillment, but we’ll be open sourcing pieces along the way so developers with the C.H.I.P. Pro Dev Kit can get started ASAP. @Edwin Villanueva You should be able to adjust your pledge to account for the difference in costs between pledge levels. Give that a shot first. If you still have question, email us at <email>. @Chris Fala There’s no way to combine pledges at this time, but as we get closer to fulfilling our Kickstarter pledges, the OBD-II add-on will be available in our webstore at getchip.com @Ricky Wright Adding support for Google Home services to Dashbot is something we would love to see the community take on. @Axel Pandolfi Elmi We’re offering pledge levels based on the most common ways for people to back. We’ve seen A TON of requests for 2x Dashbot + OBD-II and we’ve just made that reward available. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Answers!!!! @getpebbleindia Dashbot’s natural language processing uses similar back-ends to most other language processors in existence. If your English is clear enough to work with Amazon Echo, Apple’s Siri, or Google’s Voice Assistant, it should work with Dashbot’s AI as well. @Ford Crews Analog headphone audio to digital USB would be very vehicle/stereo specific depending on how that head unit is looking for audio data on the USB port. Our current design’s 3.5mm AUX plug offers analog audio output only but can easily be adapted as needed for your use case. @Kelly Luck Dashbot has onboard logic to sense when your vehicle’s power port is or is not powered. If your vehicle cuts power to the power port when the engine is turned off, Dashbot can automatically pause and resume music. If your power port is always-on, Dashbot will wait until a few minutes after it loses connection with your phone before it puts itself to sleep. @Andrew, as mentioned by @Marc Mohon, our OBD-II adapter is bluetooth-connected to Dashbot, and does not require additional cables. @Andrea Dolfin Dashbot supports English interactions by default. We hope to see many other languages supported through community support later! @Brian Reisnauer Dashbot’s cables will be approximately 1.5m in length. For uses where that can’t reach, a USB or headphone extension cord can be used to add effective cable length. For the vehicle tracker use case you mentioned, Dashbot would require an always-on internet connection (as opposed to exchanging data through a paired phone), such as in a vehicle with a built-in 4G hotspot. @Jay Fla We’re excited to expand Dashbot’s functionality in response to, and in concert with work undertaken by the community of users as we did with our previous Kickstarter C.H.I.P. the $9 computer (which has gone on to a community of over 100,000 users). More Answers! Keep the questions coming! @Tim Robbins Your existing tape adapter should work with Dashbot as well, but may require a cable polarity-changer for its input depending on how it is set up. @Basil Dashbot’s app is currently designed to work with Android 5+ and iOS 10+ in order to make use of the latest bluetooth multi-profile pairings and ease integration with services. The software on Dashbot is open source, and you can build off of it for alternative host platforms. @Jacob Lisic Dashbot’s $49 pledge price is only available via Kickstarter. Nothing is set in stone yet, but we promise that Kickstarter backers get the best deal for pledging their support to make Dashbot possible! @Mark Reilly Dashbot is open source, so adding integrations and additional visual cues are things we hope to see the community do! @Ford Crews Active noise cancellation for your vehicle is something we would love to see come from the open source enthusiasts among Dashbot’s community. It is perfectly feasible, though exact phase match would likely require hard-wired audio over the aux port rather than bluetooth audio output to your car’s stereo. @Alexander Lindström Yes, both the incoming USB power cable and aux audio out 3.5mm “headphone” jack are hard-wired to Dashbot for durability, and to ensure the best audio quality. @Joshua Newport Dashbot is available in the pledge level rewards shown, by Kickstarter’s terms and conditions, sadly, we can not process add-ons via the backer survey @TheSirSpence WhatsApp and Waze are frequently-requested integrations for Dashbot! Though they are not core functions, we are interested in seeing if it is possible to add them! \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Thanks for all the comments and support! Keep'em coming! Let's get some questions answered! @JayBee, there isn’t enough space to add a full-size USB-A port, but Dashbot does have an onboard MicroUSB, and MicroSD slot available for adding extra media storage. @Tony Bruno @Brian Beckwith, the CHIP Pro inside Dashbot has onboard 802.11 b/g/n WiFi, and can support voice query operations in USB-tethered and WiFi-tethered modes. @Khadeem, at this time, your Kickstarter pledge is the only way to get a Dashbot. @Susan Chappel adding support for Google Home services to Dashbot is something we would love to see the community take on. @Jesus Caro Dashbot lets you select from several available voices out of the box, and supports custom voices as well. @Jim Todd Dashbot’s OBD-II connection is strictly plug-and-play, and does not require adjustment of anything under the hood. You can think of it as plugging in a diagnostics cable to your car (except of course the “cable” in this case is wireless). @Chris George, custom naming requires re-training and programming the wake-word into its dedicated DSP chip. For the moment, the names we are planning to pre-program are “Dashbot” “Computer” and “Co-Pilot”, though we may sneak some extra fun in there too. :D @Jacob Lisic Yes! Dashbot navigates the intent of your voice requests seamlessly, and passes them through to Alexa, or its local functions such as SMS handling. @Ford Crews @Bradley Johnson Dashbot uses the Google Maps back-end for its navigation, however with all the suggestions for Waze integration, it will be something we are looking into! @Andrew Ruth Dashbot just needs to pair with your cell phone so it can exchange data with the internet. No Account, no server-side functions beyond the 3rd party services (Spotify, etc.) you choose to give Dashbot access to. @Greg Canny @Quintus-Filius Grens Yes! Dashbot uses multiple pairing profiles in order to maintain connections to your phone, car stereo, and external accessories. It functions as a hands-free kit (with great sound) but with a whole lot more horsepower behind it. :D @Scott Haynes @Atle Norstad Dashbot is powered via an attached 5 Volt USB-A cable, which plugs into the provided power port (cigarette lighter) to USB adapter. Hard-wiring is totally possible, but requires you adding a separate 12V-to-5V regulator, or dedicated USB port. @gbish We would love that! :D @Prolusio @khadeem, replacement mounting plates will be available from Next Thing Co. \(•◡•)/ - Everyone at NTC Tons of questions. Tons of answers. (we’ll also migrate all these to the FAQ at the bottom of our campaign page) @Sergiu Partnie Dashbot will still be able to playback local files connected via USB or the Micro SD card slot offline, but it will lack connection to any cloud service that provides music streaming. Offline, it will have limited voice recognition, but can communicate to local devices such as the OBDII adapter and things added via USB. You can also tether your phone to Dashbot over USB, or connect a USB 4G modem and run Dashbot completely stand alone. Dashbot is powered by C.H.I.P. Pro, which means you have you have a full Linux computer on your dashboard! There’s a whole world of possibilities — Tell us what you’d like to see Dashbot do! @Bruce Donnelly The OBDII adapter is only available in the Dashbot Expansion Pack or the All the Things rewards. Like everything Next Thing Co. makes, Dashbot is open hardware and software. When you buy it, you own it, and you can add or change whatever you want! Full documentation will be provided and you’ll have the full support of the amazing CHIPster community. @Pete Argles @ian kegyes OBDII provides information on what’s happening inside your car. Fuel efficiency, speed, RPM, and explanations for all those battery, engine and oil lights. Look for more information in our OBDII update! @Stan Zieg @Andrew Yes! Dashbot can place and receive phone calls, and you’ll sound great thanks to Dashbot’s far field beamforming microphones and onboard DSP noise cancelling. Also: Yes! Dashbot reads incoming texts aloud. @J The OBDII adapter is entirely optional and your Dashbot will operate normally with or without it installed. @Mr. yellow @Romain Berrada We would love to see Dashbot work with other languages, but are only focusing on developing robust support for english for now. Since Dashbot is built on Linux, we hope to see alternate language work be something that the community helps dig into, once all the basics are stable. @doki Dashbot’s battery is for back-up power and graceful shutdown after you’ve turned off your car, so its only meant to last around 15 minutes. Just long enough to run in and pay for gas without having to wait for Dashbot to boot and pair again. @Pete B The Micro SD card is for adding or storing local content on Dashbot. You can store music and maps for use when you don’t have cell signal, or you can have Dashbot log data from the OBDII adapter onto the Micro SD card. Your car doesn’t need to support Bluetooth for Dashbot to work! Dashbot comes with cable to plug into your AUX IN jack, or you can back at the Dashbot Retro Pack and connect via a cassette adapter or FM transmitter. @David Keller Though we can’t promise compatibility with any particular adapter outside of the one we’re designing around, our adapter also uses a OBDII to RS232 adapter similar to the ELM327. @Axel Niesen Dashbot’s radio module uses Bluetooth 4.2 with multiple profile support allowing it to simultaneously pair to your car and your phone. @RavenMaster For the best possible shipping experience, we’ve limited our shipping destinations to nations whose Customs allow Incoterms DDP (delivered duty paid), and allow us to accurately estimate shipping taxes and duties for a smooth delivery. This mean no surprise charges or trips to a Customs office to retrieve Dashbot, which currently limits us to Australia, Brazil, Russia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United States. We’re actively working to add to this list. The OBDII adapter connects wirelessly via Bluetooth to Dashbot. Dashbot accesses OBDII data from your car and speaks it aloud over your speakers. You can log the data to Dashbot’s Micro SD. @Raffael Gentile Yes! There is a dedicated FM tuner onboard. You can listen to local FM radio even without an internet connection. We’d love to see someone add a Linux-friendly USB Software Defined Radio, and go full HAM via Dashbot, too! @Ford Crews USB camera support for dashcam applications is something we’re actively interested in and part of the reason we decided to add the Micro SD card slot. We can’t make any promises yet, but keep an eye out for updates as the campaign progresses. @Rich Obermeyer Local weather can impact how effective a solar panel can be (e.g. winter in Seattle ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ). Most modern cars have power available through USB or cigarette lighter ports no matter what the weather looks like. In a pinch, Dashbot can also run off a USB battery pack. Hey Everybody! Thanks for all the questions! By far the most frequent was about OBDII. We just posted an update explaining how it works with Dashbot! Check it out in the link below. More answers soon! \(•◡•)/ - Everyone @ NTC <url>