Thanks for reaching out! The project is still ongoing. While we've had a lot of struggles with the engine and development in general, we're now making better progress, and plan to post updates in the future. Hi, Ju. Yes, we would be happy to send your Humble Key - we'll send a PM shortly. We will release a demo on Steam at some point, but it may not be for a while longer. We'll keep everyone posted. Thanks for the kind words - we're excited to bring another Action RPG to the scene as well! Hi, Jeremy. Yes, we're still working on it! Hey, Quady! We're definitely hanging in there with this wild year, and still working on it. Progress has been picking up, and we'll show footage as soon as possible. Our overall goals the game design haven't changed, though we're of course tuning everything to keep pace with the industry (for example, it's super easy for us to support 4k+ since the base artwork is high-res). We're inevitably cutting a few things, but we want to make sure the Kickstarter's stated goals for the game are fulfilled. We miss those old forum days, and hope they'll come back eventually (maybe through something more modern like Slack - we'll see!) We're really trying to make progress, and while we know it probably can't recapture that same early excitement from years ago, we really want to make it something special, even if we all have a few more gray hairs. Thank you for everything you did on the forums back in the day, and for your support - glad you checked in! Hi, Aaron! Thanks for checking in. We're doing alright - always wish we could make progress faster, but we're making some headway. Hi, David. Thanks for the positive vibes and encouragement! Hi, Kethrian. We are still working on the game, though progress has obviously been slower than we would like. We do plan to deliver all rewards, and are not attempting to scam anyone. All funds from the campaign have gone directly to the development of the game (and reward costs). Hi, Kyle. We are still working on the game, and plan to complete it! Hi, Aaron. Thanks for checking in! Unfortunately, we haven't updated the website in quite a while, since we're trying to keep our focus on the game itself. We would love to get the game on as many platforms as possible upon completion - no promises, but we've always hoped that a Nintendo system would be possible someday, and the Switch is a very attractive option for an Action-RPG! Thanks again for your kind words and well wishes! Hi, Zesty. We are very sorry to have soured your experience with crowd-funded videogame projects. We are trying very hard to complete the project, but we understand your lack of confidence. We hope to restore that confidence as we make more progress. Thanks for the encouragement, Andrew! Hi, Martin. We are not giving up or letting it die off, though we understand your concerns. We're continuing to make progress, and will provide updates in the future. It is not our intention to abandon the project. Hi, Michael. The clay models have been produced, but have been planned to go out with other larger physical rewards in a single shipment. The reason for this is that shipping can cost as much (sometimes more) than the items themselves - so we budgeted for shipments that grouped items together. The next round of physical rewards has been held up by the instruction manual item that is included in most backers' physical packages (with tshirt, pins, art print, etc). This shipment will include items that can be packed flat, so this one will not include the clay model, though we will look into plans to ship the model and other larger physical items sooner, if possible. As for early access - we are still working on some features that are necessary for the next demo. Since our game is heavily systems-based, and some of these systems have undergone rework (especially level generation), it unfortunately hasn't been possible to offer a stable build that can be played from start to finish. However, we are getting closer to this goal, and as soon as we can offer a new build, we plan on offering more regular builds as we iterate. Hi, Zachary. Since the game is still in development, we do hope to transition to early access at some point. We will keep everyone posted on this when it becomes a possibility. We'll also reach out to you directly to better discuss your several concerns. Hi, CopperBot. Thank you for your take on the situation. We are certainly not attempting to be dishonest, though we understand that is a potential view. And while we are committed to delivering all rewards, if we somehow did decide the game was unable to be delivered as promised, we would release everything that could be made available. Hi, Ben. As part of our customer service process, we speak individually with each backer who expresses dissatisfaction with the project. We understand the desire for a more expedient solution, but we'll be reaching out shortly. Thank you for understanding! Hi, Konitama. I'm sorry if our responses don't sound authentic. There is always a real person on the other end, though I probably do have a stiff writing style! I do attempt to respond to each question or complaint that backers list in their comments, so I'm glad you noticed that I was thorough in my responses. I totally understand that the answers are not satisfactory compared to updates. Hi, Derick. We still plan to fulfill all rewards. We will be in touch to see if we can address your concerns about the rewards for your pledge tier. Thank you! Hi, Splike. We would certainly like to rebuild trust - it's just been a very long road to work through our many development hurdles. We understand that many have forgotten or written off the game, but we are working to get the game back to a point where it will rebuild the original excitement, and deliver on its promises. We know that communication is part of that process, and that backers want to hear from us, and we're truly trying to return the development process to a state where we can get back into a regular update cycle. Hi, Matthew. Thank you for the kind words, and we're glad to have met you at PAX East back in the day! We are definitely still here, working on the game. We hope to eventually fulfill the potential that you saw in the project back then, and are continuing to work to make that possible. Hi, Konitama. Thank you for your thoughts and feedback. There are many ways in which you are not wrong about our mistakes in planning and developing the game. However, we still believe that the best course (for us, and for many backers) is to finish the project, rather than cancel it. We hope that you can understand and support this decision, in spite of your dissatisfaction with the path we may take to accomplish that goal. Hi, David. We are very sorry you are upset that we have not delivered the finished game. However, we are still in development, and have never attempted to commit any form of fraud. All funds from Kickstarter go toward the development of the game - we have never used the funding for any other purpose. Hi, sudoshred. We're sorry to hear that your life has changed in such a way that you are no longer as interested in this project. We would love to retain your support, and we will reach out directly to see if we can address your concerns. And we wish you early congratulations on the second child! Hi, Shariq. Yes, we are trying to get back on an update schedule - it is just taking some time. We apologize for the delay, but you have definitely been heard, and we agree that more frequent smaller updates are something we want to do. A Discord (or Slack) channel is something we've considered, but it would make much more sense when we are closer to a beta state, and can gather feedback and bug reports from backers. Thank you again for your suggestions! Hi, Mike. We are sorry that you feel abandoned. We are still actively working, and have not abandoned the project, though we understand that the lack of updates may leave many backers feeling the same way. We are trying to overcome our challenges and get the project back into a regular update cycle. I'm sure you may be aware, but we plan to release the eventually game on an alternative Android-based system since the Ouya is no longer possible. Hi, CMW. Thank you for your criticism. We do acknowledge that we did not manage the project well, and set goals that were difficult to achieve on a timeline that was impossible to achieve. But we have managed all Kickstarter funds as well as possible, and they have gone directly toward development expenses. We would like to provide a roadmap once a few hurdles have been overcome and we can more accurately predict feature completions, but unfortunately we cannot do so at this time. Hi, Aaron. Thanks for your positive words! Hi, David. We are very sorry to hear that your experience with our project has reflected negatively on Kickstarters as a whole. Our intention was to create a great experience for our backers, and we apologize that our shortcomings in project management and development have created such a negative situation for you. We understand your position and lack of continued interest in the project, though we hope that someday we can restore your confidence in the project. We thank you for backing the campaign, and appreciate your support. Hi, Shaun. Thank you for your thoughts and suggestions, and we agree that it's been far, far too long since we provided even a short update. We appreciate your encouragement, and that you're glad to see that we're still working on the project. We really appreciate the thoughtfulness of your suggestion, and your understanding of our circumstances and intentions to attempt to complete the project. Hi, Aaron. We do still intend to finish the game and deliver rewards to everyone, including the high-level rewards. Some of them are specific to the finished game, so those may obviously take a bit longer than other rewards. Just let us know if you have questions about a specific reward, and we can share our plan for fulfillment. Thanks! Thanks, Trolenz! Hi, Jeritza. We totally understand your frustration, and your question about how funding was utilized. We only asked for $75k to create a game within approximately 6 months, which, in hindsight, was clearly not possible given the scope of the game we promised on Kickstarter. And while the increase in funding allowed us to hire more contractors for art, scripting, etc., we had difficulty navigating engine issues and finishing the programming for certain gameplay features. We have never used any of the Kickstarter funds for personal gain - all funds were used for the development of the game. Obviously the team and contractors have to be paid in order to work on the game, and we had to purchase some computer hardware, but we have always spent money as frugally as possible, and several of us have worked without pay in order to continue making progress on the game. We would obviously like to update our websites at some point (and have the capability to do so), but this would take resources away from the development of the game. If we ever determine that it is impossible to release the game, we may consider open-sourcing the code or releasing the game in an "as-is but moddable" state. However, we are still working hard, and plan to complete the project. We definitely do not want it to look like we abandoned ship, though it's totally understandable that some might think this. We do intend to continue with updates in the future. Hi, Philip. We appreciate your feedback, and you are certainly right in many respects. The plans we had were very flawed. Unfortunately, much of the reason that the game has taken so long are due to issues with the code/engine, rather than an issue of continual refinement or revision. While we are not immune to perfectionism (and the game has indeed suffered from that in some areas), we would have released a less-than-perfect game if it were possible. Our goal has always been and continues to be to release the game, deliver on all Kickstarter obligations (rewards, etc), and ensure that backers are satisfied with the products we produce. We are constantly reassessing our progress, and attempting to improve our output and push the game and other aspects of the project toward release. We thank you (and all backers) for your continued support through these difficulties. Thanks for checking in! We're still developing the game, and though it's been slow going, we continue to work toward release, and plan to continue posting updates in the future. Hi, Jonathan. First, thank you for your understanding and appreciation that we are still supporting the project. We definitely understand the concerns that you and other backers share. We sincerely desire to form a release date or target window, though we are unfortunately still unable to commit to one at this time. We appreciate your patience, and will continue to both work toward completion of the project, and to better (accurately) communicate milestones and release windows when we are better able to do so. Thank you for your support! Hi, CopperBot. We can definitely see the point about trying to release sooner and then patching to add more features/content afterward. It is something we are considering in our plans, and will keep you all updated if such an approach allows us to release something sooner. Thanks! Hi, Chris. Thanks for asking, and for the positive attitude about the project! I can't speak to an ETA on the next update at this moment, but the current work is focused on the dungeon generation system and combat. We're also working on the last couple of reward items that need to be printed so that we can make the first major shipment. Hi, Chris. Thanks for asking, and for the positive attitude about the project! I can't speak to an ETA on the next update at this moment, but the current work is focused on the dungeon generation system and combat. We're also working on the last couple of reward items that need to be printed so that we can make the first major shipment. Hi, Marc. We are definitely going to send the physical rewards and fulfill that aspect of the project. And we can totally understand the opinion that we should cancel at this point, but there are also others that would still like to see the project completed. So as much as the project may seem like a failure, we are still committed to finishing it, both for ourselves and for those that would still like to see it completed. Glad you liked the early build so much, Gorisan! I'm sorry we haven't had a new playable in so long. We are working hard, and making a new playable is the top priority. Thanks for checking in, Zachary! Thank you for the encouragement! Hey, Jordan! We're definitely still alive and kicking! Sorry to see you move on from our general vicinity, but hopefully you're enjoying the change of scenery. We miss being active on Twitter, too - especially tweeting out lore-bits now and then. Working on some things that we hope will be fun to post in the future! Hi, Nick. Thanks for checking in! Definitely see your point about compiling answers to common questions - that will likely be a big part of upcoming updates, as well as our progress toward completion. Here's hoping that friskiness abounds! ;) Hi, Aaron. We are very sorry for the delay. The physical rewards will be shipped - we can guarantee that. We actually have most of the first round produced, but we still need to finalize and print the NES-style instruction manual and the art print before we can start the first shipments. Once these items are complete, we will have everyone update their addresses, and prepare address labels for shipment. Definitely let us know if you have any other questions about reward fulfillment! Hi, Mickaël. Thank you for continuing to support us, in spite of the delays! We definitely hear you on posting more often. We have been trying to put all of our available energy into development, but we know that keeping in touch can be just as important. Thank you for being willing to even read about our difficulties! Hi, Christopher. I'm so sorry that you have MS! We do have an early build available on Humble, which is where any new builds will be released as they are ready. We are definitely working on it! I can send you your Humble key if you can't find the game in your library. Hi, Bob. We're glad that you're still looking forward to the game! We definitely agree that we need to be posting more updates. We're really trying to get that back on track, but development has taken all of our attention recently. Thank you for your patience and encouragement in the meantime! Hi, Mark. The project is not dead - we are still continuing to work on it. We are very sorry that there has not been another playable in quite a while. We do understand the sentiment that some may think we should cancel the project, but we also know that many still want to see the project completed in spite of the many delays. Ultimately, we stand by our commitment to deliver the project and rewards. We hope that in spite of your current dissatisfaction, you might still be interested in playing the game upon its eventual completion. Thank you for your support and feedback! Hi, Kethrian. Unfortunately, we do not have a new alpha/beta version available at this time. Hi, Shariq. Thank you for your comments - we appreciate the suggestions and criticisms. We are sorry that the project looks abandoned, and please be assured that every hour available is going into direct development. I'm interested to hear your thoughts on how the Discord would work for us. Hi, Chris! It definitely has been a while since you helped us out at the PAX East booth. Thanks for sticking with us for so long! Definitely email us your 3D portfolio - we'd be happy to take a look. Of course Delver's only uses 2D art with some minimal 3D trickery, but we're always happy to see what everyone is working on. We might be able to put you in touch with a company that's looking for your skillset. Thanks! Hi, Michael. Our original plan was to ship out the clay figurines with the other larger physical rewards after the game's release, so that we could keep our shipping fees within budget. As you might expect, shipping would be incredibly expensive if everything was shipped individually. However, we've been doing some additional research, and we are hoping to work with a shipping company that may be able to offer some savings through bulk-mailing of large shipments like these. This may open up some additional options to revise our original shiping plan. We're hoping to print the final elements of the first round of shipments soon, so we hope to at least get the first round of smaller items to everyone. (We will obviously ask for updated addresses before the shipment is prepared). But we'll also be looking into options for all items (including the figurines), with the intent to ship some items sooner if the shipping cost lines up with the budget, but we can't make any promises at this time. We'll keep you and everyone posted as the shipment plan progresses. Hi, Touch Gameplay, and thanks for the comments! We do want to do a larger recap/update soon. The idea of listing the parts of the game that are done, versus what is mostly done or still lacking is a great one. We do hope to eventually want to get in contact with the major platform holders again (Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft), and we are very glad to see that the Switch has become a great place for indies. Obviously we will be releasing on our main platforms (PC, Mac, Linux, the iOS/Android) first, but if things go well, we sincerely hope that a console port might be in the cards someday! Thank you again for the well-wishes, and we appreciate your support and positivity! Hi! The game has not yet been released, but if you'd like to play the currently available demo, we can resend your Humble key. We will be in touch via private message shortly to get that key to you. Thanks! Hi, Chris. We are sorry that we've been doing a very poor job updating everyone about our progress. We're happy to answer any questions you have, but we are also working toward updating all of our channels more regularly. We'll keep everyone posted here if we also begin to offer more regular information through social media or another update channel as well. Hi, Mark. You are correct that the game is not on sale at Humble, but we can send you your backer key. We'll be in touch via PM to provide that to you. Thanks! Hi, Kristel. We are very sorry that you have lost so much interest in the project. It sounds like you were never able to play the original demo that was released - we can send you instructions to download that shortly. If you don't play console games, what system were you interested in playing the game on? We are still releasing for PC/Mac/Linux, and later on mobile devices. Hi, Nick. We are currently working on combat actions, character animations for those actions, and the room / dungeon generation system. Unfortunately many aspects of the game are still somewhat rough around the edges, but we are doing our best to work toward a build that we can release to backers. We currently do not have an estimated timeline for release, but we're doing everything we can to keep the project moving forward, and to prepare a new version for backers to play. Hi, Claude. We do still have multiple members on the team. And while the engine did cause many problems, we are now working only on game code. We're sorry that your outlook for the project is not positive, but please let us know if we can do anything to create a more positive experience for you while you wait for us to finish it. Thanks! Hi, Mark. I'm very sorry to hear that our Kickstarter has caused you to lose faith in the platform, and specifically software on Kickstarter. We do promise that you will receive our game, though we understand that the wait has been unbearable. Hi, Marc. While we are continuing to work on the game, you are right that in many senses we have certainly failed to meet deadlines and failed to deliver in the timeframe we expected. However, we do still have the intention to finish the game, and will do everything in our power to bring it to completion. Hi, Aaron. Yes, we are actually putting together a plan to send out the first round of physical rewards within the next few months. This will include the pins, small art print, instruction manual, and tshirts. We will keep you posted when the shipping plan is finalized, and we'll also be sending out an updated survey to make sure that we have accurate shipping information. Hi, Matt. Your frustration is understandable, and we certainly wish that we had planned many aspects of the projects differently. Though we understand that you and others may wish to see the project canceled, there are also many backers that still hope to see the project released. We continue to work toward completion in order to uphold our Kickstarter commitment and to honor the desires of those who do want to see the project completed. Hi, Benjamin. Yes, the project is still alive! We apologize that there has been no news in so long, but we are continuing to work on it, though progress has been slow. Hi, Joshua. We appreciate your feedback about updates, and do apologize that it's been so long. Thank you for your acknowledgment of the fact that we've sent out builds, and we're responsive to comments. @Claude - I'm sorry that you feel that our comments are non-answers. We'll be reaching out to you shortly via PM to see if we can better discuss your concerns. Hey Hardy, Thanks for the input. Simply put, you make a lot of really good points (and obviously know what you are talking about) and it took us way too long to realize some of those things on our own. There is always that nagging desire to "do it all" so to speak, and perfectionism is tough to tamp down, but at the end of the day, grandiose is nothing if you don't ship. You're absolutely spot on there. So the good news is that we've actually made some of the changes (or are in the process of making them) that you mention. Yes, it took us too long to buckle down and make some hard decisions like that, but we strongly believe it is "not too little too late". We are very motivated to ship the game and, at least right now, feel like we are making some good decisions to actually accomplish that even if means murdering some of our darlings. We have been wanting to hit a couple of crucial milestones regarding these things for the next update, which has obviously been a long time coming at this point. We have put ourselves in a tough spot obviously, and it's been a long, slow climb out (and there is still plenty of climbing to go), but as best as we can we are moving forward and optimistic to ship not a masterpiece, but a solid game. Thanks again for your input and the original and continued support. Knowing that people care and want us to succeed is really the driving force as we grind onward. Hi, Greg. To answer your question, our development went far off the original timeline due to a few factors. One was simply poor estimation on our part, in that we believed the game could be accomplished in a much shorter amount of time than would have actually been necessary. But this problem was also compounded by a number of engine issues - since we were building our own engine, this caused many things to take much longer than expected, and several of the game's systems (especially physics) had to be rewritten to avoid massive bugs and so that we could sustain development. So on top of the poor estimation, there was a lot of rework. We also realized several design issues with the method by which we were randomly generating dungeons - it did not fulfill our promise of randomized Zelda-like dungeons, but rather the randomization made every dungeon feel very similar (and boring). So that system also required a lot of additional work, some of which is still underway. We do intend to send out a larger, more comprehensive update on development, especially since (as you mention) we are nearing the anniversary of our originally intended delivery date. It's been a very long road, but we thank you for checking in with us. @Raaxis - While the project is running very late, we still have no intention of canceling the project, even though throwing in the towel would be the much easier path (and a lot less work for us)! But we stand by our commitment to complete what we promised and fulfill our obligations, even though that is the more painful path for us. It saddens us that this is also a painful path for our backers, but we believe that it will be worth it in the end. While some of you might prefer that we cancel the project rather than maintaining unfulfilled hope, we know that many other backers would prefer to maintain that hope and see it eventually released. We definitely understand how painful this is, and hope that those who are less excited can stick with us for the sake of those who are still engaged. We definitely understand if some prefer to remain uninvolved, or unsubscribe from notifications, etc. Hi, MadJo. Sorry things are still so quiet. We've been putting a lot of work into the dungeon generation algorithm, including the programmers and designers, and we hope we can show that off soon. On the art side, we've also been working on some additional mini-boss concepts, which are still in progress. @Michael - The plan has been to send the figurines with some of the other physical rewards in order to combine shipping. So while we may still wait a bit longer to send them, there is no chance they will get lost! We are keeping them quite safe. We're also looking into some better shipping options too, which might improve our plan for getting some items into everyone's hands sooner than later. @David — It seems that you're frustrated with our slow progress, which is completely understandable. We apologize for this, and hope that we can answer any questions you might have regarding development — we'll reach out and message you personally. Thank you. @Gary — Delver's Drop is definitely not dead! Things have been going slowly, but we are still in active development. We most recently put our developers on a new phase of the dungeon generation algorithm, which will expand our previous room generation work into more goal-based dungeon layouts, in order to better achieve the goal of Zelda-esque dungeons (as opposed to simple randomly connected rooms like many other Roguelikes/Roguelites). @Chris — Glad that the shirt is still (barely) holding up! And yes, we can definitely hook you up with a new shirt for your generous help at PAX — we'll probably have a few extras after the rewards go out if anyone wants to buy one. Hi, Jesse. Thank you for your insight — especially your differentiation between backers and customers. We sincerely apologize about the lack of updates, since features are moving along but some aspects of the game are not always video- or screenshot-worthy. We agree that more artwork/concept art would be great, and though our artists have been working a bit on UI and animations, we should have some more enemy concepts and weapons soon. I think more tech demos (screenshots or GIFs) are also just around the corner, so we appreciate that suggestion as well. Hi, Quirken. We still do not have any news on a playable build, though that is always our most important target. Progress is getting faster on the programming front, so we are hoping to have more frequent news / updates soon. We're sorry it's still been slow going, and we haven't had an update in a while. Our latest work has been a much improved camera that can focus on multiple targets (so it will zoom out to show your character and a boss or a 2nd player dynamically), as well as smoother movement that we hope will accommodate those who had motion-sickness issues with earlier builds. Our artists are also working on assets for new zones that have not yet been shown in any updates, so we hope to have more on that soon too! @Amosdragon – Thank you for your support and understanding in spite of our delays, and for continuing to look forward to the potential of our concept, and the game's eventual release. I'd be curious to hear what you found less than satisfactory about other Roguelites, and we hope that we can live up to and exceed your expectations! Hi, Marc. Thanks for checking in. We understand that it may be a surprise for some to find that there hasn't been a build in a very, very long time - and for many others, it may simply be a disappointment or point of frustration. But we hope you can understand that our change in course to fix the engine and implement much better random generation was born out of a desire to live up to our Kickstarter promises, and to deliver a better game to our backers. We are very upset, just as you are, that it has taken so long to work toward a more stable and enjoyable version of the game. However, good things are on the horizon. I can't say exactly when a build will be coming, but I can say it will be a huge improvement over the very basic gameplay that we were able to show in the previous builds. We thank you for your patience through this long wait, and we hope you can believe that the final product will be something you will enjoy. Hi, Jenny. We understand the need to update backer info, especially for those who will be receiving physical items. We will send out a new survey at some point, and Kickstarter has helpfully updated the way that surveys work since our campaign, so it should be very easy to get everyone's shipping address updated. We will keep you posted when we are ready to start shipping things out, so we get your most up-to-date info. Thanks! @Brianna - thank you for your support! We are looking forward to letting you play the game as well! @Matt - We definitely understand the frustration you must be feeling, and apologize that things are taking so long. As you may know, we had a number of large setbacks due to our engine tech, and had to rework several large aspects of the game in order to work toward achieving what we had promised to backers, and to make sure the game would be playable and perform well on all of the promised devices and system specs. We have recently added two more part time programmers who are helping us make progress. Please let us know if you have any other questions. Hi, Alexander. Thanks for your suggestions about providing more regular patch notes / development notes. We apologize that we've been so slow with major updates again for a while, and short patch notes could be a good solution in the near future — especially since our new part-time programmers are trained up, and getting involved in some of the deeper systems for dungeon generation and combat. Hi, Mike. We currently do not have a specific release date. But since you asked about Ouya — since the system is no longer being sold or supported, we will be swapping that platform for one or more similar popular and/or Android based platforms. Examples might include the Amazon Fire platform, Apple TV, NVidia Shield, or Razer Forge TV (which might be the successor to Ouya?). We only will make these porting decisions when the game is closer to release, so that we do not pick another platform which may be phased out, bought out, DOA, or generally a bad fit for our backers / fanbase / market. But the good news is that Android devices are plentiful (and should continue to be for years), and we may be able to support more than one after that initial port has been completed. We hope that helps answer your question! Thanks for your support :) Hi, Russell. Thanks for checking in. Unfortunately we do not yet have a release date, but we are continuing to work on the game as fast as we can. We are also hoping to issue another update soon — sorry for the long delay between them. Hey, Chris! Things are going pretty well. Our newest programming team members are working hard and are now very fluent in the game's systems. This is helping us to collectively make a lot more progress. On the art side we're still working on some monsters and level artwork, so that's mostly business as usual. Hi, Jeritza. Thank you for the encouraging Miyamoto quote; but we are sorry that you have deep concerns with the game. Rest assured that we continue to have the game's original vision and Kickstarter promises in mind, and continue to refer back to our original vision statements for guidance. We will eventually deliver on those commitments, and promise that we will produce a quality game. We'll reach out via PM to see if there are any other questions or concerns we can address. Thank you for being a backer, and happy holidays! @Mickaël — yes indeed! We will have another update about our progress and current developments shortly. Thank you for checking in! @John - Yes, we noticed there is an issue with our hosting provider, and have not had a chance to fix it yet. We will need to do some cleanup, so it may take some time. Thank you for brining it to our attention. @Ben - So sorry for the delay! Yes we will post another update very soon. @Blue-Demon - Thank you for the persistent encouragement! It means a lot, and thank you for your patience. Hi, Claude. We're very sorry that the original schedule was far too optimistic, and that development has been so difficult, causing such a long delay. But we thank you for your patience, and for continuing to follow the project. Hi, Aaron. Development is continuing at a good pace. We are currently working toward some improved collision features so that collision boxes more accurately match everything from fast-moving objects to odd-shaped enemies to weapons with more unique swing-arcs. More details to come soon! Hi, Morse. Yes indeed, we're still kicking! Sorry we did get behind on the update - we're trying to stay on schedule and apologize for the delay. We'll have another post out shortly! Hi, Raaxis. We definitely understand your concern, and our Kickstarter funding amount is not a lot compared to what it costs to run some companies or make some videogames - but it is definitely still a lot of money! We've done a number of things to keep our business expenses limited, and we have made a number of personal and professional sacrifices to ensure that development continues. Feel free to private message us if you are still curious or have other questions about our business practices. Thanks! Hi, Duncan. We definitely understand your concerns, and we are working as hard as we can to get another version of the game into everyone's hands. We'll be in touch shortly to see if we can address your specific concerns. Thank you! Hi, Quirken. We definitely like that way of commutating progress, and it's something that we'd like to start doing again for our backers. It was pretty difficult for a while to break the engine work down into percentages, since so many systems affected other systems. But now that we are moving back into more direct "feature" work, it should be easier to quantify. Thanks for the suggestion! Hi, Chris. Thanks for reaching out! It is true that we currently do not have a release target — but this is not intended to be viewed as a lack of any goals or deadlines. We are trying to work on the game as quickly as we possibly can, but the completion dates for some aspects like the recent engine rework are difficult to predict. In an effort to not set unrealistic expectations for the game or our backers, we have not set a final end date, but have rather been setting internal goals for individual milestones (such as the engine rework, endless drop mode, etc). We are currently revising our goals based on the recent completion of the engine work and the responses to the survey, so that we can focus on the most necessary aspects to complete a successful game that satisfies our backers. So in short — we do operate with internal goals and deadlines, but we are not yet prepared to issue a (potentially unrealistic) release date. Hi, Zesty. We are sorry to hear that you are dissatisfied with the project. We will reach out shortly via private message to see if there are any questions we can answer, or anything we can do to restore your confidence in the project. Thank you! Hi, Hardy. Unfortunately, we currently do not have a release date, but we are continuing to work on making the game the best it can possibly be. We're sorry to hear about your friendship coming to an end - but we hope that the silver lining will be an amazing game for you, and hopefully your copy can be shared with someone else that will enjoy it! Hi, Darewind. We are sorry to hear that you are unhappy with the state of the project - we definitely wish it was done as well. We will be in touch shortly via private message to see if we can answer any of your concerns and restore your confidence in the project. Thank you! Thank you for the info! After all of the required ports are complete, and if the game is successful, we may consider additional ports. It's hard to say which system(s) we might support, since it's so theoretical, and we've had backers request ports to several different systems. But it's great that development kits keep going down in price. Unfortunately, the largest expense is the programming time required to port our engine to each additional system. So we would have to weigh whether that cost would be worth it, based on the potential sales. And depending on the system architecture, some ports may be easier than others... for example a PS4 port is easier than an XBox One port. Being an artist, I'm not as familiar with the architecture of the Switch, but I believe it's much easier to develop than the WiiU or 3DS, so that is good news for devs like us! Hi, Jeritza. We have discussed the platforms previously, but it's buried somewhere in the comments, so I will simply restate it here. I'll also post this information in a future update, since I'm sure many others are wondering too! We are still committed to PC/Mac/Linux for the initial release, as promised. After that, iOS and Android will obviously be the next release goals. After the Android port is complete, Ouya would have been the next port (since it was Android-based). But since it seems that Ouya is no longer viable, we will consider other options. At that time, our goal will be to swap the dead-on-arrival Ouya port for support of one or more Android-based or Android-like devices or platforms. After we begin porting to Android, we will likely allow backers to vote on a short list of these Android-based devices that are still relevant at that time — such as Amazon FireTV, NVidia Shield, or Razer Forge TV (which might be the successor to Ouya?). We only will make these porting decisions when the port development process is ready to begin, so that we do not pick another platform which may be phased out, bought out, DOA, or generally a bad fit for our backers / fanbase / market. But the good news is that Android devices are plentiful (and should continue to be for years), and we may be able to support more than one after that initial port has been completed. I hope that helps! Feel free to let us know if you have any other questions! ...we address all of your concerns. I don't know how the end of that sentence got cut off! Hi, Brianna. There is a bit more information about reward shipping in the previous update (<url>#3 for us -- partially because we started with Windows and OSX support, but also because we had a relative lack of experience there as well. Despite that, Linux has always been part of the original "Triad" for our release platforms. To be honest, there are a lot of questions marks beyond those 3 platforms, but there are not with Linux. Now a bit more into the weeds... Way back in the first year of development the original plan was to outsource the Linux version - in fact, we talked to a couple of developers and got a rough bid from one. But of course, we ended up being really dissatisfied with the game as it stood and realized we were way off course and yeah, we began this really long convoluted dev cycle. At that point, the immediate Linux plans were put on the back burner - we were struggling mightily with just the game's development so additional platforms were shelved for the time being. Fast forward to the present: we've been doing a lot of engine and general tech related work and all of that has been done with Linux support in mind - including testing a few specific things (filesystem stuff, etc.) We still have to port the renderer and windowing code which is a substantial amount of work, but we also did some experiments this past year, including perhaps using SDL2 as the underlying system for the Linux version. Anyway, Linux has been on the backburner for sure but it hasn't been absent in our minds at all and in general there is a very strong desire to start getting Linux builds out sooner than later but there is no real timeline on when we can do that. Anyway, hopefully that sort of clarifies both where we are coming from and where we are going regarding Linux. By all means, if you have other/more questions please let us know and we will do our best to answer them! Thanks for your support :) And the update is live! Thank you again for all of your patience, everyone. Please hit us up via private message with any major questions, comments, or complaints, and we'll be happy to respond! Hi, Aaron. We are finalizing our edits for the year-end update on our progress and status, and should be sending it later tonight. Thanks for checking in! Hi, Michael. We are currently working on a big end-of-the-year update that should get everyone up to speed. More on that soon! I'll also reach out via private message to see if you have any other specific questions we can answer for you. Thanks! Hi, HaikenEdge. We will be in touch shortly through the private messaging system, so that we can address your concerns with the project. Thank you! Hi, Gomisan. Thank you for your feedback, and perspective on sharing our progress better. We were really wanting to share more experimental updates with backers earlier this year, but the current issue is that with Humble as our only build distribution platform, we can only have one build available. This means that we typically want this build to be as stable as possible... and unfortunately, that stable build is very (veeeery) old at this point. As we mentioned in some previous updates, we were working on a way to distribute builds through our website, but the friend of the team who was helping us out with the website update (and build distribution system) had some life changes and was no longer able to help complete that project. However, we now do have a new part-time developer who may be able to pick up where he left off. If and when we are able to work out build distribution, we would post much more regular updates, even if those updates are buggy or limited in features. We know not everyone would want to play such a build, but some of you do - which is why we are hoping to do this on our own site, giving us the ability to explain what people are getting into. I know that's a lot of information, much of which will be coming in our next update. I apologize again for dropping out of communication. We are truly trying to get back on a regular schedule, with structured communication, and have made some changes within our team's workload and schedule in an effort to make this viable. We do want to re-instill our backers' ownership and pride in the project, and I'm glad there are backers like you who are still interested in participating in our process of development. Thank you! Hi, Craig. I'm sorry that you have lost interest - I hope that we might be able to re-instill some of your lost confidence, and we will also be in contact with you shortly to see if we can address your concerns. Thank you for your patience! Hi, Sergio. I will be in contact with you via private message shortly, to see if we can address any of your concerns about the game. Thank you! Just to clarify, there are more than 25 of them to be shipped - otherwise it would be fairly inexpensive. But we could not afford to ship every item individually (and it would be hard to decide which items to ship individually, since that would show favoritism to higher tiers), so the plan was to bundle them into groups. Hi, Michael. Based on our shipment plan, the figurines are scheduled to go out after the game is finished, since everyone at that tier will also be receiving several other items in a larger box, including the boxed copy of the game. There is a chance we may consider revising our shipment plan so that people can get items sooner, but we will have to see what we can manage with the allocated budget. The figurines themselves are done, but it would just be a large additional expense to ship them by themselves, if that makes sense. I hope that helps! @peterS — haha, is that a suggestion? :) Just kidding, our plan to is stay in the ancient lands of C++11 regardless of any cool newness that may come out. @Aaron Warkworth — The game is very much still under development, albeit painfully slow development. All of the humble builds released were pre-beta, so still very early. We have made a lot of progress since then (fully randomized rooms/levels, improved combat, new art, etc), but we're still trying to stitch that progress into a more cohesive, release-able alpha build for all of you. Hi, Michael. We definitely understand all of your concerns. We have indeed over-promised and under-delivered, especially with respect to the schedule. However, it is our hope that the added development time will ultimately allow us to over-deliver in terms of quality -- and it is our belief that the promise of quality is what ultimately led the majority of our backers to support the project. But we understand that others may have pledged based more on our delivery timeline, and many pledged due to an interest in our genre, though some tastes may have changed over the course of time. We do apologize for any degree to which our under-delivery or delayed delivery may have led you to regret your support. But please know that the game is still in development. All of you, our backers, are not going to see your pledges evaporate. We are a team that (while not necessary timely) does fulfill our promises and obligations. You and all other backers will eventually receive all promised rewards, the most important of which is the best game we can possibly make. @Glenn - thank you for the kind words. We are very grateful to know that backers like you are still supporting us. We know it can be discouraging for everyone, and we understand the lack of patience that many feel. But it always improves our week to hear encouraging feedback like yours. @Glenn - Thank you. You're very right. I think we begin to feel like releasing an update is an admission of our failures rather than a celebration of our accomplishments. You make a good point about showing artwork and other forms of progress. We were hoping that the livestreams would provide the steady source of information and art progress, but that hasn't been the case. Thank you for the encouragement and suggestions. We're going to be discussing as a team, to talk about some ways to provide shorter, but interesting updates, and will keep you all posted soon. Hi, ddbelyea. Thanks for getting in touch! I'm very sorry that we've gone so long without an update, both on Kickstarter and our website. We have been in the process of updating the website, but we want to make sure we don’t take time away from development.. On the game itself, we’ve been working toward a major engine revision which (now nearly finished) makes physics checks literally several thousand times more efficient. This means that the game will run MUCH better on some low-end devices. We also eliminated a huge amount of physics bugs in the process, which were causing the gameplay to be broken in certain situations. However, this large revisions has unfortunately meant that we've had very little to show or talk about for some time. Due to this, and honestly just being a bit discouraged that we've been working so hard yet are still behind, is why we've been waiting until we are able to announce the completion of the engine revision before we post another big update. We should have been sending smaller updates in the meantime, and we're sorry that we dropped off the radar again. But all of that to say that the game is definitely not dead. We just wish that we had better news to share more often. But the good news I can share with you is that we're over the hump in terms of engine work, and will be able to start showing gameplay improvements and feature completions again soon. This will be the focus of our next update. In the meantime, we still stream twice per month on twitch.tv/pixelscopic, every first and third Thursday at 6:30pm CST. We usually on on concept art and characters / enemies / weapons, etc. while on the stream. We tweet out a reminder on our streaming days, if you want to follow us on Twitter @delversdrop and/or @pixelscopic. Thank you for checking in on us, and definitely message us if you have any other questions or feedback, and I'll be happy to respond. — The Pixelscopic Team Hi, Jeritza. Thanks for asking! We are currently focused on the PC/Mac/Linux versions, and will be porting to iOS/Android after that, so that we make sure we fulfill all of the Kickstarter objectives. Since we had promised an Ouya port, but that is no longer as viable, we will also target one or more Android or iOS-based variants next, such as Amazon FireTV or Apple TV, etc. After those goals are achieved and all of our Kickstarter rewards are fulfilled, we may begin to consider ports to additional platforms. This largely depends upon how well the game sells, since we would want to fund the port out of revenue generated by the game itself. If additional ports seem like a wise decision, we will begin the process of deciding which platforms have the best benefit-to-cost ratio — in other words, which ports are the most cost-effective for us in terms of development time, which also have high demand from our backers, and high potential sales? This question may be easier to answer after Nintendo/Sony/Microsoft all fully unveil the final versions of their newest hardware in the coming months. But ultimately, all of this depends upon how Delver's Drop sells upon its final release. If additional ports become a reality, we will likely turn to you all (our backers) for opinions on which platforms you would prefer for a port. It will definitely be an exciting day if and when we can consider it! Thanks as always for your comment! Hi, Peter. Thank you for the encouraging words — we really appreciate it. And you are right, we have been taking a long time to finish the next update. We were very close to a nice breakthrough on the engine, but hit a few more setbacks, so we have had less to report while we are finishing that fix. But we will have an update ready soon, and are continuing the art livestreams every 1st and 3rd Thursday of the month, at twitch.tv/pixelscopic. More info coming soon! Hi, Tom. I'm sorry that you did not receive your postcard! We will get another one sent out to you right away. I'll send you a private message to confirm your address in just a moment. Thank you! Hi, @Kaedryl. Yes, we are still on track to deliver all physical (and non-physical) rewards, though obviously everything is running very late. We are trying to wrap up one more item for the first round of physical rewards, and when that is done we will start mailing them. But many of the higher-tier rewards (such as the boxed copy of the game) are dependent on finishing the game first, so those may take a bit longer. I'll send you a direct message to discuss your "likeness" reward, and see if you have any other questions. Thanks for your generosity and support! Hi, Kristel. We did send out postcards (I hope you received yours?) but we are still working on completing the remaining rewards. We have some of them ready, but are still working toward completing some of them (depending on your reward tier). I'll get in touch with you via private message to see if we have your current address, or if you have any other questions. Thanks! Hi, Damien. Yes, we definitely still plan to put the game on Steam! We have talked about Early Access, but it seems that many games gain a negative reputation if they are released too soon on Early Access. We think that it would be best to release an early access version when the game is closer to 80-90% complete, with a lot of polish. Of course, our backers can always get an early version of the game via Humble. We know that many backers would also like a version on Steam, which we hope to make possible, even before a public Early Access version is available. The game is technically Steam-compatible, but we will need to make a massive "private key request" from Steam. We actually submitted a request a while ago, but we are still waiting on a response, so we may have to try again. We will keep everyone posted if/when we are closer to having a Steam version ready for backers. I hope that helps! Hi, Robbie. We are very sorry for any dissatisfaction that has led you to ask about refunds. We will be getting in contact with you shortly via direct message to see if we can address your concerns with the game. Thank you! Hi, Josh. Unfortunately no, we have not released the game yet, and that's why it's hard to find on retailers. Since you are a backer, you probably received a Humble code to download the Alpha through Humble, though this would only be in your library and not on the Humble Store. I'll send you a link to your Humble Key just in case. Thanks! Sure thing, Austin! We definitely want to make sure that everyone has a prompt answer to their questions and comments :) And we are still working hard on the build, but we guarantee it will be worth the wait when it arrives. Hi, Jeff. Thank you for the encouragement! We definitely understand the varying points of view on our game and its delays, and we appreciate your enthusiastic input, as well as respect (and hope to improve) less positive outlooks. So while we are striving to renew confidence in those who are dissatisfied with our progress, it is a huge boost to our morale when we hear from people like you, who are looking forward to the game even more as time goes on. It's also encouraging to hear that you still view our gameplay and game world as interesting and exciting in the midst of similar games like BoI, Nuclear Throne, etc — since the Action RPG / Roguelike scene has exploded since we began our journey. And it’s great to know that in spite of increased competition, we still have something to offer both in theme/story and hopefully also in gameplay and overall quality. Thanks again, and we hope to only increase your interest and excede your expectations as we finish the game! — The Pixelscopic Team Hi, Rik. Yes, the project is still alive. We hope you’ve been able to catch up on the last few updates, though we apologize that we have been issuing them after about 6 weeks instead of exactly one month. We are trying to get back on a regular schedule with them, but between all of the other work we do, weekly livestreams, and general business management, it’s just been hard to keep up. We also apologize that the Delver’s Drop (and Pixelscopic) websites have not been updated in a long time. (A friend of the team has been working on a new site for us, but it is WIP). As you can imagine, working on the game takes priority over website updates, and a lot of aspects of our PR tend to fall by the wayside. As for the status of our progress: The one very concrete news item worth mentioning is that we are finally done with the major engine (physics) rework that was holding up game features. We are currently working on some remaining physics bug fixes and a few gameplay updates in preparation for a new build. More information on this will be available in our next update, which should be making its way to your inbox(es) within the next week. As for Ouya support: We’ve mentioned that it will most likely be supplemented or replaced by the support of a similar Android-based device. When we are closer to launch (or perhaps shortly after the PC/Mac/Linux launch), we will begin porting to Android, and at that time, we will likely allow all backers to vote on a short list of Android-based devices, such as Amazon FireTV, NVidia Shield, or Razer Forge TV (which might be the successor to Ouya???). We will make the decision on the voting list when the Android porting process begins, so that we do not pick another platform which may be phased out / bought out / dead on arrival. But the good news is that Android devices are plentiful, and we may be able to support more than one. However, after reading the rest of your comments, it seems as though few further replies we might give would be satisfactory for you. I wish this were not the case, but unfortunately you might find that we would be repeating things we have already said in updates or below in the comments. If indeed this type of game has lost your interest, or is no longer to your tastes, then even if we could release the game today, we may not be able to satisfy the full breadth your concerns. We definitely understand that tastes change, the industry changes, and people lose interest in a product like ours, the more time passes — and we certainly do not fault anyone for deciding they have moved on from what we offer. The best and only way we can make good on our promises is first (and most obviously) to finish the game. And secondly, we are attempting to make a game timeless, which will be just as fun and beautiful twenty years from now as it would have been if we had released it on our original timeline. We realize that the delays have led to much dissatisfaction, and we apologize immensely. But the truth is that this very long extended wait for Delver’s Drop is in service of making it into a game that is worth the wait, because it will be a lasting joy rather than a disposable fragment of entertainment generated by the Indie-dev and crowdfunding-boom of the 2010’s. We will be contacting you shortly through private message to see if there are any particular points about the game or gameplay, or more technical aspects of our development status (and delays) that you would like to discuss, since the full replies might flood this message queue :) Thank you all (anyone who is reading) for your patience, support, and encouragement. We appreciate all of you, and your concerns, and look forward to discussing more with each of you. In the meantime, please look forward to our next update. — The Pixelscopic Team Hi, Rik. Thank you for checking in on our status. The short answer is that the project is still alive, and we are still working on it. We will address the rest of your concerns in a full response as soon as possible. Thanks for your patience, since we would like to take the time to respond as thoroughly as possible. Yes, sorry we've been taking longer than usual. But we do have an update written up - just need to add a few more relevant bits of info and some images before it's ready for publication. Thanks for checking in! Thank you for waiting for our full reply (and sorry that it is rather lengthy). We may include much of this in one of our Kickstarter Updates in the near future. But until then, we wanted to make sure that we addressed all of the concerns here in the comments. On Our Development Plan & Schedule Visibility: We have gotten a lot of momentum back recently, but it has still been a much slower process than it ideally would be. We know the wait is frustrating for all of you — it is equally (or even more) painful for us. In general, development has been quite difficult. We have to be extremely resourceful and scrappy, and have had to look for inventive solutions to keep everything moving smoothly. We are not subscribing to an "until it’s done" philosophy, and we are trying to avoid that kind of working mentality. However, there are some features whose timeline are hard to predict, especially in programming. And there are some hard-to-schedule features that simply have to be done (completely done) before we can update the schedule with confidence. So we do have a plan, and a very clear plan — but unfortunately, some aspects of that plan have taken and may continue to take more time than we had originally thought. And though we’re now making better headway, we’ve been hesitant to provide schedule updates on a regular basis. And as a small team that does all of its own PR (or the next best thing to it), it’s hard to know how often and when is best to update a public schedule, especially when we’ve been wrong in the past. Consequently, we are even more hesitant to provide another schedule update until the current round of features is complete. We want to avoid a situation where we put up a public schedule only to have to change it again the next month because something didn’t go as planned. More concrete scheduling, and build releases: We're currently aiming to get a number of mission-critical features implemented before the end of January, leading to a solid and playable build for backers early in 2016. Once we get there, we should be able to better map out remaining features — and hopefully provide a more complete schedule to backers. But until we finally demolish the current programming features that are blocking a solid build, attempting to nail down a firm release date would be wading into murky territory indeed. We do understand that many backers like yourself are not interested in beta / early access builds, and that is totally valid. Some backers are happy with beta builds, some are content to wait until it’s done, and others simply want it to be done now. So in the meantime, we are trying to work toward fun, playable builds for backers, and make them more readily available on our website. This is a bit of a stop-gap (as any beta build would be), but it is the best solution we have short of a 100% complete game. The next goal will be to create a stable and cohesive version of one mode of the game, so that players like yourself have something that is “release ready” with only minor updates and content additions coming afterward. We’re hoping that this tiered approach will begin to satisfy more and more backers, though we’ve been waiting to fully announce this plan until we have 100% firm, not-gonna-change dates. On the content in our Kickstarter updates: Our goal for updates since March has been to provide news on our progress on code and art or content. We would be willing to explain more about what’s technically going on behind the scenes (exactly what’s happening in the game code and engine, etc), but that’s not really what most backers would like to read each month. And while updates will often contain some information about when features or builds are expected, we don’t want to create a cycle of hope and disappointment with play-by-play updates to the schedule each month. We have been waiting until we have a firm hand-hold on the current build before we post a new public schedule. It has probably been too long of a wait for many of you, and we apologize. We are cautious in the sense that we try to only provide information when we know it is accurate, and while this may seem like we are holding back information, we are actually trying to avoid a situation where updates are actually a disservice to our customers. On Retaining Backers, and Refund Requests: It is our desire to retain all backers, and always address everyone’s concerns as we are best able. Kickstarter does not officially offer refunds, though their policy suggests that project creators offer refunds if and when they feel unable to complete the project. However, we do still plan to finish Delver’s Drop. So we are left with a bit of a quandary when someone asks for a refund, and therefore we have a direct conversation with them about their concerns and the reasons for their request. It turns out that many backers are unaware that a build is currently available on Humble, or they may have missed some information in our updates. Our goal is to always attempt to alleviate concerns and meet the needs of customers while they wait for the game to be released, rather than harming the game’s quality and our ability to work toward release (since this is the ultimate result of trying to provide refunds). Why we may respond to some comments via a private message: I understand your concern with how we respond to comments — that it has seemed in some instances like we are putting the burden of customer service on the user. And we agree that this would be a poor practice. We attempt to address all public comments immediately (even if we are out of the office), even though we may not be able to fully respond to the request right at that moment. We would not want to leave a customer service comment overnight (even if it goes up after business hours), so we try to at least respond with a quick reply to make sure no one thinks we are ignoring the concern. What is not apparent (publically) is that I always try to reply to these comments myself within 24 hours via a private message, rather than waiting for the commentor to do so. And in the case of the comment to which you were referring, I did follow up with the backer myself rather than waiting for them to contact us. We will be changing our wording to make this more clear to all backers in the future — that we do (and always will) follow up those concerns ourselves by contacting the individual via private message. Ultimately, we want everyone to know that: we are responsive; full customer service is available via private message or email; you can always contact us via PM or email if we somehow make a mistake or forget to respond to you directly; and we want to simultaneously let everyone else know that while we are attempting to immediately meet the customer service concern, we will not be addressing that concern directly in the public comments — but rather via private message. I hope that I’ve adequately addressed all of your questions and concerns. If not, I’m happy to explain further. We are truly sorry for the difficulty and frustration that our development process is causing all of you. All I can promise for now is that we are trying desperately to make amends, make real progress, and (we really really hope) release something great in the coming year. — Ryan Baker, Co-Owner / Vision Director Hi, @iamuhura. We appreciate your honest critique of our current situation, and customer service practices. We are deeply sorry that you and many other backers are dissatisfied with our performance, and the lateness of the project — and especially that our project's lateness has damaged your interest and confidence in Kickstarter. We will be in touch (here in the comments) soon with a more complete response. I just wanted to make sure we followed up immediately, but it may be tomorrow before we respond to each of your concerns in full. Thank you for your patience — both for our delayed response and for the project itself. Hi, Kenny. Yes, you should have received a Humble key a while back. But if you do not see it in your Humble Library, shoot us a private message and we will resend your key. Thanks! Hi, James. Feel free to send us a direct message if you have questions about the lateness of the game. We will try to address your concerns in any way we can. Thank you! Hi, @Hepburn3D. Steam is still in the plans, yes. We have our Steam account setup, and we've improved our build method so that we can much more quickly / easily make builds for different platforms, since it used to be an all-day affair. Now that things are streamlined, I'm hoping that we can distribute to Steam once the upcoming build is available. It may not be the same day as Humble, but hopefully soon after. Thanks! @Mark — Yes, the game is quite far behind. We are very sorry for all of the delays, changes, and mistakes we've made along the way. If you look back to Update #41 we explain the why's and how's and when's of the project and its lengthy development time. But we are still working hard, and it is definitely not our goal to keep the game or your money captive — we are doing everything we possibly can to finish the project, and make good on all that we've promised. If you have any specific concerns or questions, please send us a direct message. Thanks! Hi, Mohsin. We will be sending you a private message in hopes that we can renew your interest and alleviate your concerns with the project. Thanks! Hi, Michael. Given your reward tier, some of your items will be shipping soon, while others will ship after the game has been completed. We currently have the tshirts, stickers, pins all ready to go, and are working to finish the game manual before the first round of rewards goes out. We are hoping to get these out quite soon... sorry again for the delays. Your sculpted rogue figurine and cloth map will come with the final DVD boxed copy, once the game is fully finished / released. Hope that helps! @Sylvia — I'll send you a private message with your info. Thanks! @Bob - Thanks for the compliments! We have plenty of other ideas for games that we may pursue someday in the future, but Delver's Drop is definitely our focus until it's completed :) @Jonathan - We are still planning to do Ouya. However, if the platform disappears or something else catastrophic happens, we would likely try to support an alternative Android-based device. We were planning on Ouya specifically because 1) it was pretty popular when we were doing our Kickstarter, and 2) it is a very easy port once we have the Android version finished. So based on time taken to port, Ouya would be *MUCH* quicker than PSVita. However, we do agree that a Vita port (or 3DS, etc) would be very cool. Their system architectures just make them more difficult and time-consuming to port our engine, so we can't promise anything... though we would love to see more platforms as much as anyone :) @James - Sorry for our delay in responding since you caught us right around the weekend. We will get back to you via private message to address your concerns. Thanks! @T Tahere - no problem! Thank you for sticking around! By the way, Baker will be doing an art livestream today at 3pm CST! (We are in daylight savings time, FYI) @Splike — Thanks! As for Steam Cloud Sync, we would love to do it, but we haven't looked into the logistics in a while. It might be something we would have to add after launch, but it's definitely on my wishlist. I jump back and forth between PC and Mac, and syncing saves can be a godsend. Update sent! And just before midnight... sorry again for the delays. We look forward to your responses, good and bad. Feel free to send us direct messages with your concerns at <email>! Thanks for the feedback. It does seem like the general response is that everyone would like to be more in the loop, even if there is not a lot of significant news. I'm finishing the next update as we speak (hopefully will go out tomorrow). We are also putting together a plan for doing regular updates every 2-3 weeks, which should hopefully be packed with some fun info. When you stare at your own work so long, you tend to forget that what seems like a grind to you may actually be interesting to others. But suffice it to say that starting this week, we will update more often and more regularly. Thank you all for your feedback, and for the criticism too. We are listening, and will be making changes for the better. Just a heads up to everyone, our website has been down part of today, but we are working with our web host to get it back online. Sorry for any inconvenience! Yes, I definitely agree that our PR has not been on its A-game. And yes, we should probably have sent an update a while ago. We've just been of the philosophy that most people would rather see emails in their inbox about progress than apologies, so we've tried to be active here in the comments and on our forums. But as you point out, a true update is necessary. So I will first apologize here, and promise again that a more full apology is coming soon, along with some other good news as well :) @ Jamison Imhoff: We are working on both the next update, and wrapping up the final item that has to go in the first round of reward mailers. We are really sorry for the delays, and lack of communication about them. We have been waiting for some good news to solidify so we don't bombard everyone with unnecessary updates, but it has definitely been too long. In short - an update is coming and rewards are coming. We'll have more on that very soon. @Austen - Delver's Drop is definitely not dead! We have definitely gone way past the original schedule, and we're very sorry for the delays. We should have another update to post soon, but wanted to make sure we some really relevant news was forthcoming, rather than waste everyone's inbox space. Stay tuned! Hi, Raaxis. Yes, we are still working on the game. We will be sending out an update soon to give a better idea of the state of development. Hi, Spike. Sorry for the seeming silence! We are prepping another update which should be out very soon. For more regular discussion, I'd like to encourage everyone to check out forums.pixelscopic.com, where we've been talking about the elemental system among other topics! :) Thanks for your support! Thanks, RIchard! We are looking forward to it being a great year as well :) Hope you have all had a great holiday season so far! Hi, Ryan. I'm sorry you didn't receive your postcard yet. If you could send us a private message with your address, I will check it against our records and send you another one. As for the other rewards, we are still working on those. We will be sending out one batch very soon, and another one after the game is finished. Let use know if we can help with anything else! Thanks for the encouragement, Sylvain! We really appreciate your support. We have not yet — but we will be doing a Steam version (possibly through Early Access) at some point soon-ish. We might also be able to do a version just for backers, but we'll have to look into how that would work. But I definitely understand the desire to get it on Steam! Hi, Michael. I'm sorry that you're unhappy with where the project is at. We would definitely like for it to be farther along as well. Unfortunately some of the features have just taken longer to finish, or were not as fun as we thought necessary, and have therefore required rework. We have however tried to keep all of our Kickstarter backers in the loop with updates every so often, and have updated the game on Humble very recently. We will be sending another update soon, after we finish up a few more items that will be newsworthy — we're trying not to spam everyone too much. Please send us a private message if you have specific concerns or suggestions you'd like to discuss. Thanks! Hey, guys sorry for the delay in response. The iOS version will not be released until after the PC/Mac/Linux versions are out. We will have to do UI and control/input changes specifically for touch screens which will take a bit of time. So expect it probably a month or two after the desktop versions. @SCott Lafary We are working on a new build and a big update for this month - in the meantime, you can catch one of our two weekly devstreams (Wed @ 3 pm CST, Fri @ 4 pm CST) for glimpses of in progress work as well as a chance for live Q&A. Thanks for your patience and support! Hey David, you'll want to use this link to get the code through the Humble Store. <url>#new @Nigel Lee - I would also be interested to know which characters class(es) you feel are too slow, and if you are talking only about movement speed or also about attacking, etc. Hope to hear from you on the forums! Note - the board linked in the previous comment is Alpha-only board, so you may not be able to access it if you aren't an Alpha Backer, or haven't made a forum account as an Alpha Backer. A few people have commented on the speed of characters - it seems that some people like it, but it's too slow for others. We can easily modify the characters' stats for acceleration and top speed, and will continue to balance the game as we move forward. We are definitely taking your comments (and the comments of others) into consideration. If you'd like to participate in some further in-depth discussion, feel free to hop on our forums (specifically this board: <url>#58. Not too bad! We probably need to release some more gameplay footage and get some additional press in order to get closer to the top 10 by release, but that should be no problem... we have lots of things in mind to roll out in the coming months :) It's coming soon, I promise! I'm trying to wrap up the character art (this is Baker writing). Might be a bit after midnight, but it is super close! Sorry for the delay. We're sending out a Kickstarter update today with info on forums and characters :) @David - yes, for anyone backing at $30+, you get 2 copies on all 6 platforms, and all of the exclusive content for both copies. You also get 2 open beta keys, but only ONE early closed alpha / closed beta key. Hope that clears it up? Sorry for the confusion! Seriously, my brain is addled and I cannot spell or proof-read today. Going to try to recoup from the trip / germs by eating chicken noodle soup, taking throat lozenges, and playing Borderlands 2 for a few hours! Glad they enjoyed the game! And yesh, Coby did a knock out job on the Plague Rats. Just need to add a better poisonous explosion effect now. Ghosts are quite a bit better, too (though still kind of hard in a good way). Next step - just making more enemies in general! @EOPE42 — Yes, the commenters on Kotaku sort of went on a tangent without understanding fully how the game will work. But you know how it goes in comments... sadly not everyone does their homework. If people have something totally incorrect we might drop in and respond to clarify, but since those comments were more of a critique of the idea, we are just going to work our hardest to prove them wrong and make the levels excellent :) And someone (Kotaku user "Rastervision") had already mentioned that Endless Drop isn't the full game mode, so it's nice that there are people out there (especially many of you!) will defend Delver's Drop or make sure people know the true details. Please just remember to be polite (like that user was) if you want to correct anyone on another site's comments. :D Thanks for having our back! • Black spaces in the video — those are pits and they need a *lot* of visual work. They will eventually have descending wall faces so you can tell they go down into the ground, and probably spikes at the bottom to differentiate them from the Drop (so you know the Drop is fine to jump down, but pits = death). We will also have inner barriers or "sub walls" at some point, which will also look more 3D. • Telling the story – there will be some NPC dialog, some character internal monolog (what the Delver characters are thinking), and some text objects (books, etc) that you find. We may also have some voice work, still deciding on that and checking the budget. • And good call on Desktop Dungeons. It's a great game, and our 100-room labyrinth will sort of work like an action version of this game (not exactly, but it is one of our inspirations). Go play it everyone! <url>"Bootleg Session" from PAX Prime 2011 (between "Live" Episodes #20 and 21) on Ryan's iPhone. Audio quality is pretty bad, but it was nice to preserve it nonetheless! More recommendations: not actually Retronauts, but some of the same people from 1UP — Active Time Babble episodes 5 on the definition of "RPGs", ep. 9 on Roguelikes, and then ep. 15 on Action RPGs. Huge influences on Delver's Drop here! <url>"endless" (like reusing the last theme forever after room 200 or something). We'll figure something out :) @Bothered - yep! They will all be dungeon-ish (interior castle areas), but many will be more colorful, have more light, or actually look more like part of a castle / temple / courtyard / sewer / ancient ruin. Hi, @Jeritza. Right now we're only showing one of the nine planned zones. We will also be adding a lot more variety to the level you're currently seeing, which is the Jail level. We'll also have new enemies, dungeon/puzzle mechanics, and story elements in each new zone. You will also be able to exit the dungeon temporarily and explore a small area of the mountainside, but most of the gameplay will take place in interior dungeons - though some may be taken over by nature, or have more sunlight, etc. We will have quite a lot of variety, so we hope that satisfies what you're looking for! Guess what? DELVER'S DROP IS NOW #99 on STEAM GREENLIGHT! This is very good news, since we're in the top 100, and top 10% of games on Greenlight's voting system. Thanks for all of your support! If you haven't voted yet: <url>• The best day was last Monday, right after the Kotaku and YouTube playthroughs went live - $11,526 • Yesterday was our 2nd best day overall at $10,204. • So far today is our 3rd best day at $10,164... but obviously it will become our 2nd best day with another $41. --------------------- So what does all that mean? Well we still have several hours to go, and pledges seem to be rushing in. And against all odds (and honestly we didn't think it would happen), we *might* just maybe hit the $150k stretch goal. It would take almost double the pledges we've received so far today, so it's hard to say if that's a crazy expectation or not. But with the addition of Paypal pledges, which are over $500 so far... we will very likely hit it before the Paypal offer has ended on March 27. So keep spreading the word! @ddbelyea - I'm around all the time unless I'm sleeping :D Yes, the $50 tier includes 2 copies, both with all the exclusives. The only thing that it doesn't have 2 keys for is the Closed Alpha/Beta (but it has 2 for the open beta later). @Blue-demon - Really wish we had some more art and content to give out right now! Ryan has been working on some fancier concept art that could be used for wallpaper, but it will probably be after PAX when it's finished. And yeah, the special last-week sale idea is cool. Wish we would have planned something like that earlier. We were trying to come up with some ideas for new tiers/bonuses, so that's why we added the $30 extra copy tier... not very special I know, but a lot of people were asking for it. Hopefully we can just do more cool stuff for backers later after the campaign ends, out of the goodness of our hearts :D ---------------------- @finallyanime - I think a lot of people used the 3V card - <url>"heart" - I think that's one of the best compliments we could get :) ----------------------------------- @Mark Conticchio - Exclusive items will be found in shops or sometimes found in the dungeon. There will be too many of them to start out with all of them in your inventory. But we will make some of them easy to buy right away. Others you may have to work a little bit to unlock, but they will definitely not be super-hidden-ultra-secret-mega-hard-to-find objects. We will probably put a lot of them in the Jail Armory, right where you start the game. @John Harfouche - I have played Grandia, but apparently not far enough to know about the Icarian Wings reference :D I really *really* want to go back and finish it someday. I have a huge soft spot for 32-bit RPGs in that era in between SNES and true/nicer 3D that would come about on the PS2/3/360... though they are often a bit hard to go back to. @Mohammed - Yes, Paypal contributions will count toward Stretch Goals. We will update the graphic on the Kickstarter page (and our site) to show everyone how they are progressing. As for distribution - we are already on Steam Greenlight ( <url>"spaghetti mess"... which is a mess second only to that left by seppuku. @Christian Lara - no problem, and thank you! Alpha is for $25 backers and up. We weren't able to add it to the sidebar, unfortunately, but you can see it in our rewards list inside the page, and the rewards chart. Alpha will become available in late June, and we hope to have the forums up by then. We will continue to post updates here on Kickstarter. We will supplement this with information on our delversdrop.com website and its newsletter - though the newsletter will probably shift toward major announcements only. We will probably post at least one Kickstarter update per month (don't want to spam everyone too often now that the campaign is over), so our site or blog will be the main source for people who want more granular updates. We will be working on a forum - mainly for the Alpha/Beta access. Not sure when it will be available, it may take some time to set up. But we will likely add a "public" area for general information and questions, and/or anyone who is not part of the alpha/beta. @VacantPsalm - Yes, we have considered a lot of options for multiplayer, though I think yours is a slightly new angle. (And yes, Northernlion was playing "Endless Drop" mode, which we are also showing at PAX). The 4-player Co-Op horde mode will be playable with only 2 players, and will function a bit like Endless Drop. You will just have more waves of enemies, and larger arenas to play through before you "drop" to the next area. There probably won't be as many rooms as in Endless Drop, but we think this might satisfy a similar niche. As for just directly adding co-op to Endless Drop (or making a 2P variant) - I'm still concerned that the switch puzzles may become easier with 2 players though. But you are right, that adding co-op to Endless Drop would be easier and less broken than adding it to the full campaign. Thanks for the suggestion! No promises, but we do discuss all of these ideas internally and really heavily consider them. ------------ @Jeritza and Goris - We will definitely say that the original Zelda is... frustrating to those who haven't played it before, and was definitely frustrating to us as kids. On the other hand, Coby is a HUGE fan of Zelda 2, while that one confused Baker even more. So we ended up truly falling in love with LttP and Link's Awakening. But regardless, we're glad that @Jeritza sees Delver's Drop as the sweet spot of Action RPGs! $130,000 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stretch goal for 2-player local co-op Companion mode unlocked! @ William Gibson - Are you *the* William Gibson? I'm guessing not, but if so, thank you for Neuromancer! Contributing names - I think I wrote about this somewhere else, but don't remember if it was in comments or a direct message. Basically we will be thinking about ways to distinguish names - could include your hometown or a nickname of your choosing, like "William the left-handed" or similar. Either that or we'll ask people to consider making common names into more interesting ones like "Williamus." Okay that's not very interesting but you see what I mean :) @Faux Shizzle - sometimes we need tough critics :) thanks for being reasonable and helpful. @Faux Shizzle - thanks for all of your thoughts and pointing out that we should make this more clear to backers before pledges are locked. We are sending an update later today with several news items in it, and will include information about the exclusives so that everyone is aware. @Bothered - yes, everything will be local as it currently stands. We wish we had internal tech to do online, but sadly we aren't there yet. It really sounds like everyone would be happy with a solution that involves Kickstarter backers with the content being able to share it with their friends. The content on the friends' game would be similar but not identical - something would be slightly different to keep the true Kickstarter content exclusive (and cooler) than the shared content. We would be open to hear thoughts to the contrary if anyone does not approve of this idea - please drop us a direct message so we can discuss. ----------- We really do not intend to sweep this under the rug. The only reasons we have not made an official update with the exact plan are: 1. Any form of sharing will require a backend system that we will have to (most likely) develop ourselves. We are not sure exactly how this will work yet, and it will take a lot of planning. We do not want to announce a sharing system that we can't feasibly execute, so we are waiting until the plan is 100% final (and 100% technically possible). 2. We also have only heard from a select number of backers like yourselves who comment and send us direct messages. We would like to hear from a wider variety of backers before we make a final decision on how to solve this issue. We are completely committed to being as transparent as possible. But right now, without having every detail of the plan in place, we are not comfortable making promises we may not be able to deliver on... meaning we would have to then take a step back and present a new plan. That would be even worse PR, unfortunately. :( ------------ Something else to note: We are about to add a Paypal option on our site as an expansion of the Kickstarter campaign for those who could not back due to not having a credit card or Amazon account. They will technically be able to get the exclusive content in a way that is not via Kickstarter, but we consider this a part of the same campaign, and since everything will be the same price we hope that people will understand that we are just trying to open this option up to more people who were locked out of Kickstarter before. Yes, you can do combinations of keyboard and gamepads, or just multiple gamepads. @Boo - that's awesome! Thank you for coming up with the idea to do that for us! ---------------------------- @Blue-demon - thanks for the encouragement, and we're glad you can see it from our point of view. ---------------------------- @John and Christopher - glad to have you! Thanks for backing. @James - YES! We will support mods. Please see the last section of this update: <url>#chart-daily). No reason not to try though! One other thing though: We will be launching our Paypal page tomorrow, and any contributions through it will also count toward Stretch Goals. Sorry this didn't go up over the weekend as promised - too much to do! ------------------------- @Faux Shizzle - Yes, we're aware of the Reddit threads and such where some are unhappy with our handling of "exclusive" content through the Kickstarter. We viewed it as a way to reward backers, but we now see the unfortunate side effect that those outside of Kickstarter will feel that they are excluded from this content - and this wasn't our original intention. We have a lot of things to take care of to finish the Kickstarter and sort out what happens next, so it may take some time - but we WILL find a solution that is satisfactory for as many people as possible. We do want to fulfill our promises and keep the Kickstarter items/class "exclusive" in some way since otherwise that would cheat our backers. The best idea so far (suggested by someone here on Kickstarter) would be to allow backers who have the exclusive content to share it with others, making it a win-win. It's still exclusive *through* the Kickstarter campaign, and backers get to contribute to the rest of the community by providing bonuses to others. This is all subject to technical feasibility, but we do want to find a solution. If you have ideas of your own, please PM us! @adrians93 - While I like that idea... I don't think we'll be doing any raffles or random give-aways, since that kind of cheats the people who are paying for things like alpha access. So for a really lame answer... if you come to PAX East you can play the pre-alpha :D I know that doesn't really make it better, sorry. ---------------------------------------- @ryan shoemake - please email us at <email> with any fanart. We may not be able to do anything with it for a few months, but I will figure something out eventually. Thanks! @adrianps93 - Haha, thanks! We hope to at least satisfy those who enjoy BoI, but be unique from it :) To your questions: ----------------------- -As VacantPsalm asked (quote): 3. If we provide a name that turns out to already be on the list, do we get a redo or is it waisted? --- I must have missed this question somewhere? We haven't thought about this, but it is a good consideration. We might allow people to add a lastname or nickname or something to differentiate. We'll work it out somehow. ----------------------- -I think you considered a permadeth feature, I think it can improve replayability, giving a more hardcore experience, so that if you get stuck because of not having bombs or something (like you have mentioned below) then you are screwed and you cant trigger that suicide feature. Maybe it could be one of the achievements, for true hardcore gaming experience xP ---- yes, we are adding a permadeath option (aka Hardcore Mode) that you can turn on in the options menu. It will probably have several achievements tied specifically to that mode. ----------------------- -Please do the labyrinth 100 rooms when possible, want it so badly!! :D --- We'll think about it ;) If the game does well enough after release, we may do further expansions/DLC/etc to cover some of the other stretch goal features... or maybe we'll come up with other cool features, who knows? @Nerd Kingdom - We may have some Pixelscopic hoodies / shirts to sell at PAX Prime. In the campaign, they aren't meant to be a high-dollar exclusive so much as a "thank you" to the people who are really pitching in to support us and promote us through those tiers. @Doomspeaker - We would be really glad to have you back the Kickstarter - but just in case the card does not arrive in time, we will probably be launching our Paypal option today or tomorrow. Kickstarter is preferred, but we do want to make Paypal available as soon as possible. And thanks for the promotion! We really appreciate you putting the word out. Let us know if there are any interesting forum threads etc. we should check out to see what people are saying. As for their questions: -Is your logo a nod to zelda? - Kind of... I think we did it to match the style of some other UI/design elements originally, and then realized it was kind of a nod to Zelda, and it stuck. -The paralax scroll of the walls is nice, did you ever think about adding that to the drop that leads to the next room as well? - We will be adding parallax / 3D type effects to all pits at some point. Right now the walls are handled automatically through a system we built, but pits would have to be set up manually, so we just kept it simple for the time being. Final game will definitely have 3D-looking / parallaxing pits. -Don't-range based classes have an advantage over melee-based ones (especially when it comes to puzzles) - They could have an advantage in some cases, but melee fighter may have advantages in other circumstances. For instance, an arrow may not trigger some switches, which have to be hit with a block or melee, etc. And remembering that any class can pick up and use a limited-use version of the other class's weapons, the rogue can shoot arrows (as long as they have some in their inventory), and a bow-weiding class can also use a sword (though it will break after a few hits). We are also thinking about advantages / disadvantages of classes for the newly added 4-player mode, and will be balancing things like range, attack speed, and possibly damage dealt by each class to make sure they are all evenly balanced. -Can you get stuck in story mode? - We will be doing testing/QA to try to avoid any situations like that. But at the same time, if you use up all of your bombs, yet you need bombs to get through the dungeon, well... tough luck :) Kind of like Spelunky, there is the possibility of screwing yourself. But we are going to have a "suicide booth" mechanic where you can restart the level with a new character while retaining more items/progress than you would otherwise. You just have to deal with an extra nasty Undelver (undead skeleton class) if you use this option. -Can darkness affect monsters? - We are working on some AI for bats and other monsters to avoid fire or lights. We may make other types of AI that are attracted to it. I think that's what the question is asking, but if not I can give other details. @Sebastian - no worries :) glad you found your answer(s)! I think you have to connect it to Facebook... not sure if there is a way around that. I want to say I tried to do it once and didn't find a solution. Anyone else know? @EOPE42 and Four Shadow Games — thanks for the compliments! We're collectively blushing. We will probably announce something livestream-ish today :) @EVERYONE - Yes, thank you so much for helping us reach the stretch goal! We are just as excited to develop it as you are to play it! Let's keep pushing toward $130k, I think we can make it :) ---------------------------------------------------- @finallyanime - thanks for the article! giving you a shout out now on Twitter ---------------------------------------------------- @Christian Lara - unfortunately no comic con for us :( Maybe next year? We will be at PAX East/Prime this year, but that's all for us this time around. ---------------------------------------------------- @KW - we would really really like to see some Delver's cosplay! Send pics to <email> if you do! As for more character art - yes, I am working on that tonight, hope to show it very soon! ---------------------------------------------------- @Sebastian Helton - Looks like Blue-Demon linked you to our ideas already :) But one other thing to know, is that all classes will have a special ability that must be recharged before you can activate it again. Some of these will be more magically oriented, either defensive or offensive; some will be physical attack oriented (dealing with the character's weapon), and others may be another skill or perk. So in a lot of ways, yes, we will have classes that are balanced across a range of melee / magic / skill / debuff / etc. Especially now that we have 4-player versus Deathmatch as a mode, we will be making each class play very differently yet be balanced for fun and evenly-matched combat. Let me know if this is answering your questions fully or if you meant something else :) @Nathan - yes, Paypal backing will count toward Stretch Goals! YES! 4-PLAYER MODE STRETCH GOAL UNLOCKED! @anthony - thanks! @Happy Badger - thank you very much! Where are you located? @Kenny - unfortunately that probably won't be possible. Right now our Android tech is incomplete, which is why the iOS/Android/Ouya launch will occur later in February 2014. This will give us much more time to finish porting the engine and do a full QA/testing run on those systems. As of right now, we don't yet have an Ouya dev kit, and I'm not sure if we would be able to do a "closed" alpha/beta on the platform (only making it available to some players) - it would be a more in-depth discussion with the people at Ouya. So for right now... I think that it's unfortunately rather unlikely we could change the current course. Sorry I don't have better news :( @Adam — you will give us a name, let's say "Erlandsson" since that is an awesome last name. Whenever a new character is spawned, let's say if you choose to play as a Gladiator, that character will given a name out of our pool of names (both from backers and that we write into the game), and that name appears in the upper left corner. Then whenever you have dialog or when you die, "Erlandsson" might get spliced into that text - so "Erlandsson the Gladiator succumbed to the deathly swamp spores. How unfortunate." And the second question, relevant to all 3 of you @adam, @anthony, @Trong: Any stretch goals that we do not hit in this campaign are up for consideration as DLC or expansions later. No guarantees though! It depends on how well the game does on release. If we got really close to a stretch goal... well I mean if we're $5 away, we will probably go ahead and do it :D BUT! As @Trong suggested, all Paypal donations that occur on our site will ALSO count toward stretch goals. We will keep the chart updated to include the total amount between Kickstarter and Paypal (basically think of it as an extension / expansion of the Kickstarter campaign for anyone who didn't have a credit card or for other reasons can only use paypal). @anthony - Yes. By default they will be automatic AI. You will simply enable the 2nd player control in the options (or possibly just by plugging in a controller). We'll work out the details later as we develop it :D Sorry everyone, took a little break this evening! Catch up on comments: @Blue-Demon: Summon class (or summoning creatures) — This is almost exactly how the companions / familiars will work at the $130k stretch goal. Even if we don't reach the goal, we will probably still have some summonable phantom creatures, and you may have to have an item equipped or something like that before you can summon. We are also going to offer the Shaman as one of the voting classes, and this class will get summon bonuses and the ability to somewhat control or change the AI of enemies — sort of making the enemies work for them in a limited fashion. They may not need the required items to do summons. @finallyanime - as for giant final fantasy style summons, not sure about that one (lots of art cost), but we'll think about it :D @Ben Paul: Character voting — As soon as the campaign wraps up and the dust settles, we will start working on the backer surveys. We will send out one survey where everyone $25 and up will get to pick characters out of 6 choices. We'll have to see what the survey capabilities are, but we will either have you vote for one, or vote for your 3 top picks. Then we will tally these and take the top 3 overall, and these will become the other 3 classes in the game, for a total of 6. The Kickstarter exclusive class (#7) will probably be decided by us, just FYI. The final #8 class will be selected by our $2000 backer. This should all happen within about a week of the Kickstarter ending and we'll try to make an announcement before PAX. @Andrew / Anthony - yes, anthony is correct! You can play on both devices. You can also install the PC/Mac/Linux version on multiple machines if you need to. @finallyanime : Kickstarters - nothing wrong with that, one of our guys is thinking about backing Torment! @Roland - we haven't gotten around to releasing that information yet. Sorry! Basically each pack will contain a set of weapons - at least one for each class, and a set of several additional usable items. Each pack will contain more (in quantity) and more interesting and unique items than the last one. Hope that helps! @finallyanime / Blue-demon - I think we're all on the same page :D @Blue-demon - we definitely don't want to be gold-diggers! We're much more the "earn your stripes, pay your own way" types. That's another reason we'd like to see if the game does really well, and then continue adding to the game through the revenue it's generating, creating a sustainable development cycle for us, and rewarding the community with more content/modes as long as we have enough of a fan base to support it. All things to think about after all of the currently promised versions/features are released! @finallyanime - some people have suggested something along those lines. Though right now I think we all feel like one Kickstarter was enough work for one lifetime! :D There is of course the possibility that if the game does really well after release, we might keep making more content / modes / expansions / etc for the game, which *could maybe someday possibly* include online multiplayer. Honestly, we have no idea right now. So no promises, but yeah, these are all things floating around in our brains :) @Boo - NOPE! You get 2 copies automatically! @Dire Birdbrain - glad we could be the one to break down your Kickstarter abstinence! :D @Adam - thank you for signing up just for our game! It's really amazing and humbling to know that you and others are so excited about Delver's Drop. The Paypal option will be going up on our site this weekend. We'll post an update and links about it when it's live. @Blue-demon, yes your calculation is accurate. Good call! We seem to be having a slower day today, but hopefully your prediction holds true. Campaigns also typically get a small flood of backers right at the end, maybe people who forgot to back it and want to get in before the deadline, etc. But we will still need everyone's help promoting the campaign's final days to attain the extra $23k needed... it's quite a bit of money, even though we're making good progress! :) @VacantPsalm - yes, it does. 2 copies = 2 copies of any digital in-game items that go with your tier. Awesome, thank you! Glad we could sweeten the deal, and we're hoping for $130, too! Even if not, $115 looks very very likely :) Thanks Dale! @Maken - no online co-op. Please read the comments immediately below for more info. @Jeritza is correct — you would connect several controllers to one computer (or OUYA system) and play there together. We would probably not use split-screen. We would just zoom out slightly so that all 4 players would be seen on screen at once. The 4-player arenas will be either large rooms, or 2-3 connected "rooms" with large passageways between them - in other words these will not be full dungeons, but rather large arena rooms. @finallyanime — while getting Greenlit and releasing on Steam would help us to develop a community for people to play together and largely solves the lobby issue, we would still have to put a lot of time / effort / money into developing the actual network code that allows the game to run in sync on multiple machines. This is even harder since our game has physics, and some pretty intense calculations that have to run perfectly (and identically) on multiple machines at once. This is a harder technical problem than it may seem. So that is why we are currently limited to local-only multiplayer. We will continue to evaluate the possibility of doing online multiplayer as we move forward, and there is a chance that if the game is successful enough it will make sense for us to add it someday. However, we can't promise anything right now. @Kymus - us too! And yes, more exposure did the trick. @FOMA - Glad to have you in the industry! Just checked out your website - very nice! @James - we are supporting mods, so you can definitely create your own rooms and (possibly/probably) full maps! @Christian - yes, a lot of people have requested co-op, and we would love to do it if it were possible. But this would almost have to be a full second game for us to develop. We would have to add mechanics like split screen or some kind of rubber banding, would have to design all new rooms, especially for puzzles so that they are tailored to 2 players, make a new story that fits 2 players at once... all things that would become an investment that would be way too big for us to consider right now. We might think about something like this much later if the game is very successful after release, but no promises :) @Ross - yes! EpicNameBro sent us a lot of backers. Really great coverage! @Bothered - welcome! Glad to have you :) Awesome, thank you! That is really cool :) Someone even pointed it out on Twitter, so props to you! @Sue - not sure about add ons. We've talked about it, but we're not sure how to organize or price them yet. We may not find a good solution, but we'll let everyone know if we do! Yes, big thanks indeed! And at this point, we are knocking on the door of $100k, so that will be even one more class! Yes, as soon as the campaign is over and all pledges are confirmed, we will talk to that awesome person and find out which class they want to add! Quick PSA for you: There is a really rad looking game about to end on Kickstarter, called Race the Sun: <url>"manage my pledge" page! It's unfortunately kind of easy to accidentally up your pledge and then not select the right reward tier. @Jeritza and Doomspeaker - Yes indeed, it is our very distant quarter-million stretch goal :D But even if we don't hit that one (kind of a long shot), we will re-evaluate consoles after the game is released. Basically if it does well enough, it might be worth porting our engine and releasing on a console. It seems like people have (so far) been most interested in WiiU and Vita, though we've had some requests for XBLA and 3DS, too. What would be your preferences? And.... LINUX STRETCH GOAL ACHIEVED! Way to go everyone! We'll send an update about this a bit later! @SRVN - yes, everyone at $15 and up gets a full Ouya copy. Here's an example tweet: I'm helping indie RPG game @DelversDrop reach its #Linux Stretch Goal on #Kickstarter! only $2000 to go - <url>• Talk about specific Stretch Goals on Twitter using @Pixelscopic - mention Linux at $85k and the Expansion at $100k, and how we're getting close to these goals. • Post on Reddit! Especially think about mentioning the $85k Linux goal. • Post on Facebook, comment on Greenlight, or comment on any article / Youtube preview we've been featured on. These may seem like small things, but they help a lot! Anyone who isn't a backer may not know about the Stretch Goals, so let's get the word out! @finallyanime - please just send us a private message about it. We have gotten a few messages about cross-promotion, and now that we've met the goal we may consider doing a promotional update to help some other campaigns out. Not sure when we would do it, but we'll think about it. @Doomspeaker - great idea! I've seen a lot of other campaigns do that, so we'll try to do something similar (and maybe more interesting looking) today or tomorrow. @anthony - thanks! we've gotten some great coverage from them. @Chris - we hope so too! It looks like it might just be possible. @Lemon - please check out the main Kickstarter page, there is a full section down below the rewards list, toward the bottom of the page. We were thinking about keeping it a secret until the game was released, but might as well leak a few things now through Kickstarter... Give our backers some early hints and sneak peaks and all that ;) @finallyanime - we wanted to keep some of the characters fairly androgynous, and also not over-sexualize any of them. We may make both male and female versions of all classes at some point (no promises) in which case we would find ways to further differentiate the m/f rogues from each other. @vacantpsalm - we will try to do them in both genders, just not sure if we'll have time... we'll do some estimates and see what we can come up with. And yes, good catch on the live Northernlion show! We should have mentioned that in our update. THANK YOU EVERYONE!!!!! @VacantPsalm - we'd like to do all classes in both genders... and it's been a secret to everyone, but the Rogue is a girl! (or at least she is in the concept art I'm working on right now :) And... here we are. GOAL ACHIEVED!!!!!! HUGE THANKS to everyone, we're sending out an update momentarily! Thanks everyone! We're really excited right now... so excited, we can't even focus on working on the game, and are just watching the numbers tick upward toward 75k! But don't worry, we won't party too much... there is too much to do, and we're so excited that Kickstarter is about to make it all possible. @Kyle - Yes, actually good catch. That should be "character name". Unfortunately we can't change it now (sidebar stuff can't be edited, Kickstarter rules), but hopefully people will understand? :) Hey Michael! Thanks for the compliments :) @finallyanime - no, the class unlocked at $100k would be a different class from the exclusive Kickstarter class. So at $100k we would have 7 classes total. @Matthew - it looks like that might be possible! We're watching the numbers intently, ready to throw a little office party the moment it ticks over the $75k mark! @r33hash - we might be done sending demos to the press and streamers for now, but if you have any good ideas, please send us a direct message! We will at least put them on our press list for when we send out information in the future. Thanks! @Erikson - we hope to provide Steam keys at some point, but until the Greenlight occurs and we talk to Valve more directly, we just can't promise anything for sure. We will do our best though! As for the slippery feel - this occurs based on the physics system, and depends on the character or object's mass, friction, etc. We are still working on tuning these parameters, so some things seem a bit too slippery, and some are maybe a little to "heavy" or stiff. We are definitely working on this, and one of our immediate goals is to finish standardizing the physics system and parameters, and tighten up all of the movement and interactions. So yes, it is something that's very present in our minds! We hope to make it extremely tight and responsive. @Blue-demon - totally understandable! We'll definitely think about your request. @Blue-demon - oh, and one other thing. There is always the chance that if the game does well after release, we may have the opportunity to continue development and make some of those Stretch Goal items / modes as expansions to the game. Since they would not part of the Kickstarter campaign, they might have to be purchased separately (they would be free to backers if the stretch goals are met). But since all of that is so far off, we can't commit to doing them, or what they would cost (if anything), and when they would be available. @Blue-demon - we've already promised the Linux goal pretty explicitely both on Kickstarter and other places, so that one will have to stay at $85k. And the next goal after that is really our "true" idea for the game, with another class and zone that were in our original design docs but we had to cut in order to keep the scope reasonable. We might consider shuffling some goals around if we pass $75k though, if it looks like we can meet those goals. So I would really encourage our users to help promote the game in this next week so we can hopefully hit a few more of the stretch goals like the ones you mention. :) @Tom - unfortunately it got a little confusing because we added the $50 tier later, so we couldn't correct the $60/80 tiers to mention that they didn't include everything in the $50. Sorry for any confusion, but glad we cleared it up! :) @finallyanime - no worries, we keep looking at the number thinking we're reading it wrong too! Such a big jump, it's kind of crazy. @John - thanks! $10k seems pretty manageable :) Whoops, sorry we had 2 team members post at the same time! :) @finallyanime - we actually have jumped from about $50k at midnight on friday, to $65k at noon on Sunday - so about $15k in the last day and a half :D Let's keep pushing toward the stretch goals! Thanks for all the congratulations everyone! We're really excited to be getting so close :) @Steve - I'm going to try to put the livestream up on youtube somehow. But I believe you can still watch it on Justin.tv here: <url>"all previous rewards" includes every reward that comes before it, such as the examples you mention. The only exceptions are that that $60 and $80 tiers do not include everything in the $50 tier, but include most of it (they do include everything $40 and below). Other than that though, you get everything that was listed previously. Thanks for the positive comments; we're getting pretty excited and deeply appreciate the big second push that has occurred! @Tom Dagan: Yes, the $300 tier gets everything from the $200 tier and the $160 tier and so on all the way down. @Matthew - we will probably do another livestream next weekend, or possibly on our final day (March 12). Glad you're looking forward to it! @anthony - yes! We're super happy. Today was our 2nd best day overall, only $241 shy of beating out our first day of the campaign for total pledges. And we're excited to see what happens this next week! @finallyanime - awesome! Link us to your site if you post something about the game! We're keeping a list of everything that gets posted. @Fishfreek: It is not public :) We sent it to a handful of press outlets and a few youtube personalities, and that's it. Very happy you are excited to play, but we're simply not to the point of a wide public release yet. @Jess: We do not have a prototype of the cloth map yet, sorry :( @finallyanime - You will see the weapon or shield change in the character's hands whenever you equip something new (or take damage to the shield). We will look into adding other items like armor or an accessory that is visible, but most likely it would cost too much time/money to get all of those items to look right and animate properly. You have to draw them from all 8 angles of the character rotation, so it gets pretty time consuming. @Doomspeaker - yes, we've had a lot of people voice concerns over exclusivity. I think we might have talked back and forth with some people in the first update if you want to read that, but in summary — we will most likely add a way for a Kickstarter backer to send or otherwise unlock the exclusive items and content in their friends' games, allowing these items to proliferate. We need to look into how that would be technically feasible. If we can't do this, we may release some kind of timed DLS with the character and items (or something very similar so Kickstarter is still "exclusive" but people can play as a class with the same abilities). So Kickstarter backers might have a special insignia on their character's cape, while other people just have a plain cape... something like that. We're not 100% sure yet, but we will work it out so that everyone is satisfied! @finallyanime #3 - Yes! there will be randomization for all of the items. It won't be as complex as Diablo or Borderlands, but you'll be able to find different styles of your character's weapon that have unique (and slightly randomized) parameters, like range, sweep, elemental effects, all that good stuff. As for Phantasy Start red boxes - we will have some extra special treasure chests that contain better gear. So in summary - yes, epic loot! Thanks guys! Just so you know, we are contacting some major sites - of course it's hard to know who will cover us or when. Please keep hitting up twitter with @DelversDrop mentions and share our campaign on Facebook! It may not seem like much, but it is a HUGE help! Thanks for everyone's support today, and a special thanks to all of the new backers! @Christopher Campbell - We're really glad that Ouya support sold you on the game! We've also been in touch with the Cryamore team, and are really excited about their game as well. Hoping a lot of people support their game and ours, to get more interesting action RPGs out there! As for cloud saves - in a perfect world we would 100% support it, but as you said, it's a complicated (and expensive) problem. Our goal someday, maybe even for Delver's, to offer cross-platform saves and support as many devices as possible, even ones we do not currently have listed in this campaign. Could take a while, but that's the plan. We would love for you to be a walking billboard for us! I'll even design you a sandwich board to wear :) Or you know just make a Delver's tshirt or something. @Anthony - thanks for the link! @Paul and Christopher R - Thanks for the encouragement and for spreading the word! We really appreciate it. We've been (very slowly) working on an update that will give more information on all the digital and physical goods. There are just a lot of things to post updates on, and it's taking a while. We apologize for the delays. But in short - each pack will be a set of unique weapons with unique properties. There will be at least one weapon available for each of the 5 base classes, and a handful of unique items (bombs etc). Each tier will have one more set of these weapons/items, with higher tiers having both more items and more interesting / unique / powerful items. Hope that clears it up a bit! @Michael - We are prepping an update or two for this week... watch your inbox! @SRVN - We would like to answer a "tentative yes" to cloud or cross-platform saving. In other words, one of our highly-prioritized technical goals is to support cloud saving, but whether that is via Steam Cloud or in conjunction with another service or our own technology is still being determined. So... we sure hope so :) @Quirken - I think that the key wording we are trying to uphold is in the $60 tier: "Exclusive In-Game Playable Character Class. ONLY AVAILABLE THROUGH KICKSTARTER!" And the $50 tier says that it includes the $60 tier's class. As I mentioned, we're still considering options for how to fairly include people outside of the $50 tier, whether through a timed release, paid DLC, sharing with friends, or something else. We are also considering your idea of the exclusive class being a variant, but at the same time we do want this class to be somewhat special, and worth the upgrade to $50 since the Kickstarter backers are directly helping to fund the development of this class. @Sami — thanks for your thoughts. I think we do have a few features that will alleviate some of these concerns: • In the last update we mentioned an option for "Hardcore" mode, so that if you turn this on in your options screen, you can play with 100% permadeath (exactly like a Roguelike). It sounds like this is the mode you would perfer! • Leveling up your class (and upgrading your gear) will be designed to give you more *flexibility* - not necessarily make you more powerful. You will not gain more HP or attack power this way. So you can't grind out a high-level character and then breeze through the game. You can grind for slightly more flexible / customized abilities, but it will not make the game much easier. • The player will be penalized quite a bit for death: 1) loses all items, 2) the level they are on re-randomizes, and has to be replayed, 3) an undead version of that character is also generated on the level, increasing its difficulty. And 4) if the player dies too many times without completing a level (maybe 10 times, we're not sure yet) then the Drop is locked out and they have to replay a re-randomized version of the previous level... meaning that they just *lost* progress. You could theoretically backslide all the way to the first dungeon if you keep dying, meaning that kamikaze play styles really won't help. As for the Kickstarter exclusive class - we are looking into a way for backers to share this class with their friends, or at least some way for non-Kickstarter backers to unlock it. But we do want to keep the class "exclusive" in some sense, so that's why we're looking into ways for backers to share them with friends rather than making it 100% publicly available (since that would falsify our reward tier's description). Hope that all helps! @Michael - thanks so much! We're glad to hear that our game and Kickstarter can contribute to the gaming landscape in a positive way. @Sami - I believe we are indeed trying to attain a game that is, as you stated, "Zelda-esque take on the roguelike." So I would be interested to know what points in the updates have turned you off. We will have some traps and monster hordes, but those will be infrequent, and used for surprise and variety - not as a way to try to insta-kill the player needlessly. And yes, right now the game is so early it's even hard for us to know how difficult it will be in the end, but we're already balancing difficulty as we design new rooms, based on watching players. We recently showed the game at a local convention, and made a lot of observations about what was difficult, easy, or confusing. Why don't you send us a direct message with some of your thoughts on how the game design doesn't seem to be living up to your interests, or your initial impression of the game? @Kyle - Yeah, we're pretty interested in multiplayer as well. We're working on some additional press coverage to get more backers and push us into some of those stretch goals! @Paul - thanks for you pledge and encouragement! Yes, this class will only be available to backers at $50 and above (it's included in every tier over $50), and is being developed especially for Kickstarter. There have been some concerns over exclusivity, and we have been taking suggestions to remedy this. After the game is launched, we may at some point allow people to "share" this exclusive class with their friends, but the technical method of doing this (or if it will be possible at all) has not yet been determined. Cool, thanks for the info! I think I would be more comfortable with the tiled version as well - I think you have to be a true old-school / experienced roguelike player to roll with the ASCII versions these days... but then again I'm our artist/animator (Ryan Baker), so I kinda need some pretties now and then :) And yes, we are trying to get into better blogging habits. I'd like to do a series of our takes on various inspirations or Action RPGs from the past and how they may have contributed to the genre or to Delver's Drop. We'll definitely check it out then. I've been sort of looking for my next gaming fix / inspiration / research / diversion... Would you recommend the regular download, or with tile graphics, etc? I read about a browser version, too. Just wondering what the differences are. @Wexmajor - I actually haven't played Stone Soup, but I am familiar with it. We're really trying to create a mix of gameplay mechanics (from many different inspirational sources) that seem to fit the experience we are shooting for. So there is probably some Stone Soup in there, one way or another :) Well to be honest we worry sometimes, too. But we're working on some updates with more concept art and bells and whistles, and lining up additional press coverage. All part of the plan! Campaigns usually slow down around the middle and get an additional boost at the end, so we're actually slightly ahead of the curve with 19 days to go. So fear not, but tell all of your friends about the game, and help us drum up some additional support! @Steve, thanks! We weren't able to take footage at Vision Con, but we expect to show more gameplay footage and some other details soon! We hope it will be a nice surprise :) Also, there's an Update with extended gameplay details coming tonight! Stay tuned. No promises, but we might be able to do something like a "mostly physical goods" tier, though it would probably have to be in the $70-100+ range. Hardcover books will still be tough to do, since it would be by special request only, and we might have to ask backers who want one to add a decent bit on to their pledge to cover the production costs. Hey everyone, please comment if you're interested in any of these ideas! We've had some requests for hardcover books, but they are quite a bit more expensive to produce than the soft cover books (about 3x as expensive!). If you have any ideas for an additional tier, and we have enough interest, we might consider adding something for either a hardcover book or just another tier that includes the artbook. Let us know what you think or if you have other ideas! Haha, awesome! Thanks for supporting us, both at Vision Con and through Kickstarter :) Hopefully we'll see you around at other local events! For the playable build, we will provide a download link or email (still determining distribution methods), and we will give you forum access - probably using your Kickstarter username and a password of your choosing. We'll give everyone more details as we get closer to the Alpha/Beta dates. Thanks! Hi, Max. You can get the art book at the $120 tier (or a digital version at the $25 tier). Thanks everyone! Creeping right up toward 50% tonight! Woot! Thanks :) It's been almost 11 days, or 1/3 of the campaign so far... Let's hope that's only 1/3 of the backers we'll get by the end! 3,000 would be a pretty awesome goal. @TheChoseOne @anthony We'll be making some more information available this week the press and media folks; hopefully that will drive some more exposure. @SommerEngineering: anthony is correct. There will be some outside areas but there will not be an overworld. @Are Nybakk: Giving out two copies is an interesting idea. We shall discuss. @Quirken: The game supports multiple save profiles and copy/erasing, yes. @Pete Cavenas @randomcitizenx: Correct, the Ouya is based on Android but has its own SDK. From what I understand, once your game runs on Android, getting it to run on the Ouya is not a terribly difficult affair, fortunately. Obviously we must have an Android version ready first, but the Ouya port shouldn't take too much longer after that. @Steve Adamo: Yes, we are getting so close to halfway there and it's very exciting for us! We have some updates coming this week and some other things that will hopefully get the attention of some more media :) @foxfirerage @randomcitizenx @Pete Cavenas Re: Ouya: this is still an area we need to investigate more fully, as the Android portion of our technology chain is the least mature. It's more about working it into the logistics than any real technical hurdle at the moment - but any platform will have some unique hurdles to overcome. That said... barring some sort of major difference we aren't aware of we're more than fine rolling Delver's Drop out for the Ouya, it just probably won't be for initial release. @foxfirerage We have no plans to require an internet connection to play the game currently and we can't think of a reason this would change. For leveling, we're implementing a system that is split along the lines of the character you are currently playing and the class it belongs to. As you play, classes will accumulate ranks/skills that will apply anytime you start a character of that class. These skills will apply utility perks to each class's characters, which we're still in the process of designing. The individual character you're playing at any given time will progress through the dungeons finding more useful items as per your Zelda example. Regarding look customization, it's not anything we specifically have planned right now, but this may be part of the class level/ranks system we implement or something that we leave open to being modded. Thanks for your questions! @Bradson: Oops, sorry :( Sleep deprivation and all that :) This morning we headed over to VisionCon and got our [very tiny] booth set up. Over the next couple of days we'll post some photos and maybe a video. On demo is a very early/prototype of Endless Drop mode, hopefully people enjoy it and come wandering this way! @Brandson - thanks for all the suggestions, we'll definitely take them under consideration. And we're glad you're excited about Companion mode :) tell your friends so we can hit that stretch goal! Yes, I agree that the co-star mode in Mario Galaxy is more like a "slightly involved spectator" - but we are envisioning our Companion mode as much more than that. The companions *will* be actively involved in combat - they can cause damage, debuff enemies, buff or heal the player... basically any option you can think of except for puzzle interaction. And we really like your idea of hot swapping! Of course the players could just trade the controller, but adding some kind of automatic function would be perfect to keep both players involved. Thanks for your feedback! Yes! Items will definitely factor into puzzles and your ability to navigate the dungeon, in ways similar to Zelda. We will be creating algorithms that will generate levels with the items necessary to explore them, or a way to purchase the items you need. In other words, you'll never get stuck! Think of our co-op "Companion Mode" to be like an improved version of "Co-Star" mode in Mario Galaxy... or as if a 2nd player could control the familiars in Symphony of the Night. Rather than seeing it as a gimped version of full 2nd player co-op, we view it as its own interesting feature. Even if we had true 2-player co-op, we would still want to include Companion Mode as a unique addition to the genre! @Quirken - a lot of people have been asking for a true 2-player co-op campaign. We'd love to do it someday, but the truth is that we would have to basically develop a totally different game. Every room would have to be developed for 2 players - enemy counts, room space, puzzle setups... it would all have to change. The example I've been giving is that if you had a puzzle that required a single player to push a block onto a switch and then go stand on another switch at the same time - that puzzle becomes broken if you have 2 players, because you don't need to move the block at all. See what I mean? Most of the puzzles would have to get redesigned. We had thought about increasing difficulty to accommodate 2 fully-powered players, but there are a lot of games where this system didn't work well at all - one that comes to mind is Deathspank, where the primary player became underpowered and died constantly if you added a second player since they changed the power balance. Maybe it was just broken, but we would be really hesitant to risk breaking our game in a similar way. With the budget we're proposing as our Kickstarter goal, we will only be able to develop the game as a (primarily) single player experience. We would break the bank if we tried to squeeze a full 2-player game into the budget of a single player game, since it could nearly double the number of room designs, and drastically increase the QA/testing time... But who knows... maybe we can add an expansion someday if the game is successful? @Sergio - yes, we agree about the challenge! Spelunky, BoI, and the early Zeldas are big points of inspiration for us. @Lucas we really want to give the most bang for your buck as far as replay value. We have designs for progressive unlockables, there's the backstory that's revealed in snippets each time you play, the overall layout randomization, etc etc... these are all things we hope will give players the desire to play the game over and over to see what happens next. @Caleb Steam keys have obviously been high on everyone's list, and we'd like nothing more than to guarantee that we'll have them.... *but* that's unfortunately not anything we have control over at this point. We've gone through the proper procedure (aka Greenlight) set forth by Valve and at this point it's mostly a waiting game. We have other information avenues we're pursuing, so we'll definitely keep everyone posted as we get more info on the matter. @Christopher where are you located? You should come see us at VisionCon in Springfield this weekend! <url>"goblins and fire traps" that has some XML exactly as it is used in game. @Mohammed - about the dev info, we might post some in an update, but you should probably check out our TIGsource devlog: <url>’s Drop is an excellent fit for Ouya and a path we will be pursuing in the future. @Are, thanks for the detailed breakdown! Here are some things that we hope will increase your interest in DDrop: Every zone will have (mostly) unique enemies, items, and objects, and mechanics. By mechanics, we mean one zone may have a type of sliding block that's magnetic, with unique puzzles associated with that, which appears in no other zones (or at least not in the same way). So every zone will feel like it has its own "system" and new types of puzzles or methods of navigation to find the way to the exit (or even open the exit). We'll also have different room types, such as "horde" rooms where enemies swarm you and you have to fight your way out, puzzle rooms, maze rooms... we're hoping there is a lot of variety indeed! Let us know if you have any other questions or suggestions. Thanks for your support! We definitely want to ensure that there is plenty and plenty of things to do and see, while also providing immense replay value. It's still early yet, obviously, so we have a lot of work to do in that regard! Curiously though, BoI has provided dozens of hours for a lot of people (we won't mention how many hours our own Ryan Burrell has put into it!), which makes me wonder where it fell short for you (and anyone else)? @Mohammed Ameen: Yeah, we've been keeping up with Hammerwatch on the TIGSource forums - looks very nice :) That was a little long - we'll probably put that in a for real update very soon! It's a little hard to say what the game length will be, since one would have to factor in player deaths, restarts, and so on. But our target is basically the length of the 2D Zeldas or longer. Though the randomization elements (you can't memorize level layouts) and semi-permadeath should drastically increase the time spent for a new player to finish, if you count total time. And with our random secrets, if one wanted to complete every objective and find every (randomized) secret, it might take much longer than a "normal" play-through. So in short... we really can't say just yet, since many of these systems are still in development. But we DO promise it will be a satisfying experience, and our Alpha Access backers can help us record play-through times to make sure that is the case! As for co-op, please see the stretch goals! We will post an update about this soon, but here are some details: If the goal(s) are met, we will have a limited, drop-in / drop-out coop mode for the main campaign, and 4-player deathmatch and horde mode arenas (4-player will not be available in the campaign). In the campaign co-op mode (aka "Companion Mode"), a 2nd player can drop in to assist the main player as a magical familiar or pet, but there will be limits to their abilities and duration that they can "drop in" before this ability must cool down. This is for difficulty balancing purposes (we don't want it to become too easy and make co-op a "cheat" mode). We will not be able to offer pure co-op for the main campaign, since this would totally break many puzzles. Imagine a puzzle where you have to move a block onto a switch, and then go stand on the other switch yourself. This puzzle becomes, well... not a puzzle... if the other player can go stand on the other switch without moving the block. If you think about Zelda 4 Swords (unless my memory is totally faulty), basically all puzzles are designed to require 4 people, and AI partners fill in for any remaining party members if you have <4 players. So if we made a game of this style, we would have to make the entire game coop... and *only* playable in co-op... meaning we would be designing TWO games instead of one. Unfortunately, we would need a LOT more backing to make that happen. So if we blow past every stretch goal we currently have and then some, maybe we would consider it. Tell your friends! :) @Smeggit: You are too kind, thank you. @Blair: Thanks for the encouraging words! While opinions may vary on KS as a whole, there's no denying the unprecedented interaction offered between developer and gamer, and we intend to leverage that as much as possible in making Delver's Drop more awesome than we could ever do on or own! We realize that update contains A LOT of information. It's incredibly important to us for things to be as clear and transparent as possible, and we feel like a lot ambiguity that was present in the campaign has been cleared up. That said, please let us know if you further questions; also, it would be great to know if you love, like, meh, or hate the updates we've made. @Mohammed Ameen: Yes, indeed! We actually already have the Greenlight page up: <url>