Ondrej and Naheem - this project finished shipping over two years ago and we have taken down our system for fulfilling the orders - please email us with your Name and Address at support at digistump dot com and we will try to track down your order and replace it. @Kashan - responded via private message with another way to send payment. Francesco - please send us an email at <email> and we will check into it and find a solution. Matthew - one non-Digispark one coming in the next month or so, and then the Digispark Plus - now being called the Digispark Squared/DigiSquare soon after that! Stay tuned! If you haven't yet check out our new webstore too: <url>"40w" Hobby Laser - $3500 Shenhui SH-G350 60w Laser - about $3500 including air freight and import fees. If you want something that will work out of the box I would have recommended the 5th Gen, but I'm hearing lots of mixed feedback on the build quality of them and while the design is very innovative they are made with the same imported power supplies found in chinese lasers. Ours was built well, took a lot of time to align because of a few build/design flaws, but overall was a pleasant experience to get working. It is, however, very slow and it turns out it is actually a 30 or 35w "40w peak" - it is appropriate for hobby use, but due to the slow speed even in hobby use it doesn't cut as cleanly and it stinks because the plastic heats up so much in cutting. The software deserves the praise it gets for getting started quickly with any program, since it is a print driver, though it is still buggy. We'll likely sell this one at some point. The Shnehui is an awesome machine -it weights over 300lbs (the 5th Gen is about 40lbs) and the build quality is actually very nice. Everything is built for commercial use and it comes not quite completely assembled - meaning you have to install the laser tube and generally clean everything up and tighten everything. It took several solid days of time to get up and running. The software is badly translated but we found our way through it in a few hours. The import process can be long, both in that they take awhile to ship and then freight forward it - and that it will sit in customs while the FDA approves it. This is the one that had a defective tube that burst recently - so we were out another $277 for shipping of the replacement. If you are willing to get your hands dirty this is an truly powerful machine built like a tank. We wish we bought this from the start due to the large volume we ended up needing to cut (we bought the full spectrum before we had all the case orders in). We'll likely keep this one and maybe get a second one of these. Speed comparison: One panel of 12 green cases (so 12 halves of a case order, since the other half of the parts are clear): 5th Gen: About One hour, 45 minutes. Shenhui: About 17 minutes. Software: 5th Gen - Full Spectrum RetinaEngrave print driver Shenhui - LaserWorkV6 Thanks for all the kind words everyone! About 500 Kickstarter orders to go! @Mark - you can buy them now at <url>"Estiamte delivery" dates are only estimates we make before backing starts (so our estimates were based on 1,000 units and we couldn't change them after it started). We've provided updates and a shipping queue to keep backers aware of when their order will ship, as accurately as we can. That said, if you'd like to contact me at support at digistump dot com I'd be happy to find a solution - we don't want to leave anyone disappointed! FYI: The second laser cutter is back up so case orders should not longer get delayed as we get back up to speed on cutting - the larger laser that is now back up cuts cases 8 times faster than the smaller one, so it was a big hit to have it down! @Matthew - yours will go out today! I'm just finishing up my day job and then I'll start shipping - most shipping happens after about 6pm Pacific @Fabian - so our postal service is telling us that we only need to attach the invoice if it is shipped Priority mail and it is not needed for first class mail. Is that incorrect? Thanks for the heads up - we'll look into how we can do this or the rest of the packages going to Germany. If you need an invoice to give customs there is a link to view your invoice on the order status page. @DAG - it was the ventilation system on the big one - so not the laser's fault. @Daniel - just packed yours personally! @Frank - thanks for letting us know, good to know they are starting to make it to Europe! Enjoy! Thanks @Andrew! Also as an update we have shipped about 3100 out of 5900 kickstarter orders ! (52%) Everyone - some may be wondering why their order has been in the top 100 for several days when we are shipping 200+ per day. Unfortunately, one of our two laser cutters is offline right now and so we are cutting as fast as we can but hitting a bit of a bottleneck because we can pack much faster then they can ship. This weekend I will try to bring the second machine back up. Until then please accept our apologies if you get stuck at the top of the queue for an extra day or two - we're doing all we can to expedite things (including running the laser cutter 18 hours a day!). Thank you all for your patience! @Daniel - yours should go out tomorrow! I'm still shipping but I ran out of cases for the night (I am cutting them while we ship). @Jordan - thanks for the kind words! @Patrik - I haven't actually got a chance to experiment with LED and resistor pairs on it yet - but I can tell you if you leave the jumpers as is then your LED will be hooked to P0 - for the resistor that would depend on the forward current of your LED of course for the IR LED I'd use a 940nm IR 5mm LED, if it has a forward current of 20ma (most do) then a 180ohm would do you well for the resistor. Really you should use a 180ohm to 330ohm regardless since you don't want to pull too much current from the Digispark chip. For putting the LED in - the long lead (+) should be on the rounded side of the LED silkscreen, the short leg(-) on the flat side. Hope that helps until I get a chance to put together a page for it! @Tai and @William - the latest update has all the links you need - but in summary: <url>~600 so your reward should go out within the next week. @Daniel - thanks for the kind words, all throughout this project - they really help balance out some of the hate mail! I'm off to cook dinner and then ship - so your order should go down some more tonight! @Daniel and @Mark - I understand the feeling from when the kickstarter was running, my whole family was refreshing the page all day. Generally we ship the most at night, Daniel your's should be up soon! @Patrick - there aren't any yet, I apologize for that, they should be somewhat intuitive how they go together but I'll work on some photos ASAP @helder - please see the most recent updates for how to check your place in the shipping queue and whether or not yours has shipped. @Dennis - I packed yours personally - hopefully it will make it soon! @Adam - It is wonderful to hear that some have made it overseas! - I apologize that the cases were not what you had hoped - from the start the cases were designed to be held together with glue, the only difference from the prototypes we showed was we removed the outer excess to make them easier to plug into things and attach to things. As far as the edge lineup - if they are very far off then yours may be faulty - if they are about 0.5mm or so off, this is due to the inaccuracies of our machines/materials, which has been a bit of a struggle, but we ultimately have tried to only ship a product that we felt we'd be happy with - which is to say they might not be a perfect line-up but should be comparable to similar products, as far as fit goes. Feel free to email us if you'd like us to look into that more. Thanks for the feedback! UPDATE: The next batch is sitting in a warehouse in route, it seems they got delayed because of the holiday. We should have them tomorrow and the final batch should be here Friday. Most of the stock on hand has been shipped out, but we'll ship the few hundred we have left out tonight. Thanks for your patience and we hope everyone had a great holiday, Erik @Jan-WIllem that is awesome - I have a 3d printer waiting to be assembled once shipping is over, I'll certainly try making one of your cases then - thanks for sharing it! @Daniel Thanks Daniel! We have a wonderful group of backers, we appreciate all the support and patience that you and others give us! Off to ship some more! @Jim - thanks Jim, have a great Christmas as well! I'm thinking I might add a estimated ship date calculation to the backer page, but for now my focus is on shipping them out. @Erik - wonderful, I have to admit we didn't test it with windows 8, but you are the second person to say it works fine with it - given the changes/setup of windows 8 that's no sunrise, but it sure is nice to confirm it! Glad the tutorials are helping out, we'll keep them coming as time permits, we hope to build a nice little library of them to compliment the Arduino tutorials. I'm sure projects will come to you, I just recently realized I could use one to automatically control the diesel preheat in my 1972 tractor (it'd beat holding a switch for 2 minutes in the snow), if I ever have time I'm sure they'll be in everything in my house! Daniel and Jim, as you've gather shipping is slower some days then others - our goal is 200-300 per day, but we haven't been meeting that goal, why?: I'll post an update late this evening with all the details to make things very transparent but in summary: Some time got sucked up into fixing software bugs so those who have them can use them. We had to switch up out shipping line a bit, and still are making adjustments. We got snowed in and that kept us from getting volunteer help until after the holiday. and finally, today it became clear that the next 10,000 - though in route and shipped via 2 day, won't be here until Monday at the earliest - so we decided to take a breath, get our Christmas shopping done and then pack the rest of what we have (we have about 2,500 Digisparks left unpacked which is maybe 600 or so orders worth) this weekend. I don't mean these to be excuses, I truly apologize for the delays and we are fully committed to getting them out as fast as we can, including bringing in extra help - but snow, life, and holidays do happen, we didn't make enough to hire a fulfillment company, and I do have a day job, so all we can do is keeping pushing ourselves and I assure everyone we will, and we will ship them our faster then we have been as we get the kinks ironed out and the rest in hand. For those wondering the final shipment of 15,000 will be in our hands on Wednesday or Thursday, and we won't be out of the 10k yet by then, so this bottleneck should not occur again, even if they are a few days late getting to us. Thank you all for your patience. Software and tutorials are up here: <url>"What should I do with my Digispark" - tomorrow we will have a full update (we shipped a bit less today because we needed to make a final push on all the tutorial, photos, libraries, examples, and integration) and our wiki will launch that contains everything you need to get started, assemble kits, and use the shields - and more! Also we'll be getting some extra shipping help next weekend - we'll of course keep shipping as many as possible everyday! They have arrived about an hour ago - we'll start packing shortly and the first postal truck full should leave on Monday! Please understand that the shipping might start slowly at first while we work out the kinks in our process, but we will be doing all we can to get them out the door as fast as possible. I'll have more of an update tonight/tomorrow morning. Update: We have a tracking number for the first batch of Digisparks in hand and they should leave tomorrow morning and be here Saturday! - I apologize for yet another couple days of delay, it has been a long journey and we continue to work for every day of expediting we can. @Robert - thanks for the kind words! @Dustin - we are doing everything possible to get as many as we can out before Christmas - given your place in the queue it is very likely yours will go out before Christmas and hopefully the postal service we'll deliver it in time! @Daniel - I spent the evening rearranging our living room to be shipping central - we want to be ready to get them out to you as fast as possible as soon as the Digisparks arrive from the factory. @Ivan - All orders international and domestic will ship in the order they were received, regardless of where they are going to. @Nelson - we're very anxious to get them out - the first shipment should be on our door step the 10th and we'll start shipping within minutes of them arriving! We'll likely have an update before that, but we'll certainly have an update when we start shipping and each backer will get an email with a delivery confirmation number when their order ships! @Vicary If you send us a message or email we can reopen your order and you can add them. @Brian - awesome, I find the soldering iron and the voltage supply invaluable - the rework I hardly ever use, but when I need it - it makes my life much easier. For an o-scope/logic scope I honestly just use a Digispark/Arduino - rarely do I need more resolution then the ADC offers and there are some great Arduino o-scope projects out there, no hardware needed except the Arduino. I'll be working up a tutorial for how to do a similar thing with the Digispark. I used to have an old school one, but when the tube went out it wasn't worth it. On my wishlist is one of these: <url>érez Mulas - some received these even if they had everything entered correctly because they had not clicked the "confirm" button - if that was the case please excuse any confusion caused, we only want to ensure that everyone gets what they want! We'll have an update today or tomorrow about the progress of the Digispark production - with lots of pictures - things are going quite well with it! @Ben - we are in close contact with them and will be working with them to make their software work with the Digispark and also come up with some Digispark based projects for their robotics platform @thingstodo - Resent the email by both kickstarter message and to your email - thanks! Ben We're still waiting to hear back from them after we sent them more technical details - I'll send them another email now. @Dennis - I will - and the test jigs too! For those watching for updates: We'll have an update next week on several exciting things that have happened/are happening over the next few days. Final production prototype of the Digispark - this is what goes to the factory for them to check against! Laser cutter arrival: The laser cutter has shipped and will be here Monday! Final shield prototypes: The final shield prototype boards should arrive Monday, we'll use these to write the tutorials for assembly and if they look perfect we'll authorize the production of all the shield PCBs. I also have assembled an RGB "nightlight" in one of the prototype cases, I'll take some pictures of that too for the next update. @Luis - if you go to the Order Status link we sent in the "Action Required" email and your status is "Confirmed and Paid - Awaiting Fulfillment" then we will be sending you exactly what you have listed on that page starting in early November. Thank you all - I hope we leave everyone a happy backer! Thanks Sean - we were able to resolve things with Bruce as well and we look forward to getting him, you, and all the backers your Digisparks! and by latest details I mean latest update... Just confirmed our order for 30,000 stickers - checkout the latest details to see the two designs! Everyone - please see our most recent update (<url>Øyvind - Thanks for your support - we still are on schedule despite this setback! Roro - I assure you it is not a tactic to sell more items - we are as frustrated as you and had to waste several days of work on all of this. We appreciate everyone's patience and understanding - the way kickstarter collects data and the lack of tools to manage a campaign make it difficult when campaigns are as successful as ours. Thanks again for everyone's support! First of all - thank you all for your patience and support - we regret the issues we've had reconciling the order data. Here are some answers: Why the original order pages are inaccessible: The original backer pages were pushing the limits of the kickstarter platform and when the project ended kickstarter reported data on who paid to our servers in a very different way. This different format caused our server to overwrite the backer ids we were using to keep track of what everyone wanted, and therefore severed the link between the records of who backed and paid and what people wanted. We regret this mistake and apologize for the inconvenience it has caused, while we maintained backups, so many orders, pledges, etc. changed near the end that they were largely useless and we still would have had to reconcile the different data formats. This combined with a truly huge number of requests for last minute changes and adjustments led us to make the hard decision to ask everyone to reselect their extras. In order to ensure a situation like this cannot reoccur we have moved all payment data to a conventional database system, with frequent backups, and it no longer depends on kickstarter's reports in any way. We have worked hard the last 48 hours to put a robust system in place to ensure this does not happen again. You do not have to enter the exact items of your original order; you can enter anything that adds up to or near the original pledge amount. If you exceed the pledge amount you have the option to pay the difference using Amazon Payments. Thank you all again for your support - please email us directly at support at digistump dot com (or ekettenburg at digistump dot com - they both go to the same place) if you have any further questions or concerns. We have an update ready to go out but we are waiting until later today to put it up so that we can show you some pictures of the case prototypes! yep - they'll be mailed USPS Parcel Post or Priority Mail - so if your PO Box can receive those then you're good. One more: My payment failed: We will send emails to anyone who's payment still fails after 14 days, at that point we will allow you to pay by credit card directly. Some common questions and answers: Where di the personal backer page go/the personal backer page is not working: We have disabled the personal backer page. We are transfering all backers and their rewards and extras into our orders system. After you have filled out the kickstarter survey (which will be sent in the next day or two), we will send you a link to view your order and its status. Where do I tell you my shipping address: We will send out a survey in the next few days to collect email addresses and shipping addresses so we can keep you up to date on yoru order and know where to send it. We will send an email after we receive this info with a link to change your shipping address at any time up until we start shipping. I forgot to pay $x for shipping: After we collect email and shipping addresses we will send out notificaitons to those who have not paid the proper amount for shipping with a link to submit payment. I just missed out on adding extras: We will allow extras to be added until the end of this week. You will receive a link via email, after you have filled out the survey (which will be sent in the next day or two) to add extras and you will be required to pay the difference immediately. You will not be able to remove items, or change existing selection, this is consistent with kickstarter policies. Note: We have disabled the personal backer pages while we gather all the data and payments - more in our next update. Thank you everyone! We are very grateful for all the support and the wonderful community that is already forming around the Digispark. We will have a more formal update tomorrow. Thank you! We couldn't have done it without our wonderful backers! @Lee - we'll send out more details about how to pay, if you forgot to pay for shipping, tomorrow. @CK and @Ryan - an I2C LCD could be used through the grove shield with the Digispark LCD, they can share the same pins. The one being plugged into the Grove shield would need to have the Grove connector. @Josef - we will begin selling them in our online store around December Thank you all for your wonderful support! @Ryan - 23,124 have been ordered as of right now. @CK - no problem with plugging it into and USB wall adapter from 100ma to 5A and beyond. We're working hard to keep it all on schedule! Thanks Matthew - @Daniel shipping cost is based on reward amount - so just add $10 @Patrik we'll start shipping at the start of November, and hope to be done by the end of that month @Steven and @Luis - Luis is right it should definitely work - This part: "You don't need to plug this thing into a shield. You can just plug it into any four digital Arduino pins. This magic works because the device can be powered by setting the arduino pins high/low. The current consumption is low enough that it doesn't stress the AVR, and the device has a regulator on-board so it isn't bothered by the fact the voltage won't be reliable this way." Means it will work for sure. and the serial might work as well with software serial. If it can be run with just high/low avr pins, then the software side is simple enough to run on the Digispark too. @Michael - you're right we'll look into collaborating with them for a future shield. @CK - we're excited abotu making a SmartThings shiled as well! @Joesph - the Digispark is about 1/10 the size of a Arduino so we'll probably focus our efforts more on equally small shields with similar (or better) functions rather than adapters for larger pricier ones. With a digispark proto shield and some wire and headers one could easily make their own adapter, as they would be very shield specific. @Joseph - the Digispark has far less pins, so generally no - though some of the simpler shields and likely most any I2C shield should work. @Tyler - not easily, mostly their for storage, you might be able to do it but it won't work out of the box. @Dustin - sorry we're just out of time, but we might make several designs and just give them away when we ship! @hacktc - we're planning on it! @Peter - it should work with those just fine, no shield needed but it you want to be able to directly plug them into one then maybe the proto shield so you can attach a header and wire it up in the right order. @hacktc 1 - no, it can't act as USB host 2- yes! @Ryan - you can attach one shield per digispark with the included headers - if you want to stack shields on top of each other you need some stackable headers So Digispark+RGB - no stackable headers needed Digispark+LCD+Infrared - one set needed for the LCD so that it can plug into the Digispark and the Infrared can plug into it. CK - you'd be short on pins for doing it directly but there are many i2c chips that might let you do something like that such as: <url>" x 2" stickers (unless someone comes up with design that justifies something bigger). Here are a few VERY ROUGH ideas: <url>"m pretty new the RFM12B, but if it does work that way it should be easy to just cut the traces. Here is the shield compatibility document: <url>#4 screw they are almost the size of the main IC! We made size one of our main priorities for these, the Digispark Pro might have mounting holes though. I know a few people are working on custom fit cases and will be open sourcing them @michael - you're right the headers are on the wrong side! @Michael Headers are male so they plug on top of a DIgispark with female headers - the Digisparks will come with male and female headers for shield or breadboard use. @Michael - for prototyping, it is like a mini version of these types of boards: <url>