@ido, All of the Kickstarter color combiners were the same, start to finish. The next design change might come when we make the full-color hologram kit available as a regular retail product. I'll most likely make an announcement to all the Kickstarter supporters when that happens. Hopefully that will be in the early part of this year. Thanks for checking in. - Paul Yes, you've all been very patient, and I am incredibly grateful that you stuck with me through all this. The necessary pieces for the combiners are being completed now and everything else is ready to go. So pray for good progress in the next few days. And then speedy shipment. Thanks again. - Paul @Chuck, No, your laser mounts should sit quite securely on the stilts. Do you have them upside-down? When you have them the right way, the notches on the stilts keep the laser mount on top quite well. Send me a picture via e-mail and I will take a look to see what is wrong. - Paul @Raluca, The blue looked right. I can't tell, but I think you may not have removed the front barrel and lens from the red. You need to take these off, and the red beam should spread somewhat similar to the blue. The green is the odd one, with a circular beam instead and a narrow spread. You'll most likely need to back it farther from the film than the others. - Paul @Miguel, Saw your rewards on the list going out next. Should be this week. Thanks for your patience. Can't wait to see what color holograms you make. - Paul @ido, Please send me a message to know what plastic parts you might need replaced. I would be happy to help you out. It is unlikely the broken parts are causing any stability issues in your set-up unless you broke the Plate Support or the Plate Holder Base (hard to do). The other components do not require much in the way of stability, since this is a single-beam set-up, and is quite robust. The hologram's stability for this design is really all in the relative movement between the film plate and the object. - Paul @Rob, @Raluca, Thanks for your patience as we slowly work through the deliveries. By the end of this week we should be at 50% shipped. Every month I say, "We should be able to finish by the end of this month," and then something else springs loose to drive us off track temporarily. I will try to give more updates as we complete more shipments. Thanks. - Paul @chuck, Yes, this can do full-color transmission holograms, and in fact this was the original concept before I figured out a novel method for a fairly simple color combiner. Currently the instructions outline a reflection full-color hologram as the primary use, but I will be adding details for a full-color transmission set-up later as well. Thanks. - Paul @ido, For your vertical Star Wars hologram, the videos look like the all of the different lasers are hitting the film, but may not be illuminating your objects well. The blue looked good (appears to hit center of film plate and illuminate the figures well), but the red looked shifted over toward Princess Leah, and the green looked off in one corner, and was not reflecting well off the objects. Also, I noticed you have the blue beam up higher (boosted up on a book) and all of your lasers fairly far away. I would try bringing the blue laser down to its normal height, bring the lasers in closer, and try getting a successful attempt with a shorter exposure (your lasers look quite bright, so I am surprised at the 12 minute exposure). I think sacrificing some plate coverage (I know you moved the blue back for better coverage) would be a good start first to get a successful result, then start moving things back for after you've got things worked out at this level. Thanks. - Paul @ido, For shooting coins, you might want to try painting them. The bare coins are often too specular, which means they reflect well, but only in very angled directions. Painting them will make the reflection a bit more diffuse, scattering light in all directions. I would recommend a spray paint that has some metal in it (we have some at the hardware store here with zinc), which reflects the lasers strongly (and diffusely) while also having the added bonus of better preserving the polarization. Give it a try. - Paul @Sergey, Just sent you a message so that we can get you a new green laser. As for your most recent video, it looked like your #3 hologram had a definite band across the middle, perhaps indicating movement of the plate. You could try spray painting the base, instead of gluing paper. And #4 looks like the whole plate may have moved and caused a very dark image. You mentioned you are using a custom 3D printed plate holder, which I think is causing some of your problems. I can't tell you anything about the holographic stability of the printed plastic, but I think it might just be the kinematic stability of your design. Rather than just an outer box (I think that is what I am seeing in your video), you might try a printed design that has a kinematic 3-point stability to prevent any minute wobbling or balance issues. Your custom created plate holder may just need some slight design changes to ensure stability. Also, I don't think it wise to run the lasers on the LiPo batteries until I've been able to run some further tests. The peak voltage of 4.2V for the LiPo definitely concerns me and I am still worried that it will damage the laser. Even if the laser and circuitry can handle the voltage, the additional heat will very likely add instability to the holographic qualities of the laser. We test all the lasers here with 3V as part of their holographic quality check, so I know this is safe and stable. I will see if future tests show the ability to use other power sources. Thanks. - Paul @Sergey, I think you may have damaged your green laser by overvoltaging it with the LiPo batteries (3.7-4.2V for LiPo vs. 3V regular batteries). This would cause overheating and dramatically drop output power, and probably damage the green laser. Switch back to regular C-type batteries, and see if the green laser will operate properly. - Paul @Raluca, Yes, you should get an e-mail confirmation from the shipping company (usually USPS) when yours gets shipped. Thanks. - Paul @ido, I'm not quite sure what you mean. If you are using the Full-Color Spacers for Reflection holograms (Red Spacer and Green Spacer) then the angles are indicated by the arrows. The blue laser sits on the tower at the correct angle. From there it is mainly just adjusting the distances for color balance in the red and green. And the diagram in the instructions shows the overall layout. If you like, send me an email with some pictures of how you have things set up, and I will take a look to see if everything looks good. Thanks. - Paul @Sergey, Great videos. You're getting some good blue in your holograms, which makes me so happy because getting blue in this full-color hologram kit was really difficult. First, the dark areas at the top of some of your holograms are not vibration, but most likely just not getting enough light, particularly since you moved the blue beam back and are having difficulties with green. This special "Instant Hologram" film has a threshold power necessary to expose, and if you don't reach that power (like at the top of some of your holograms where it is probably too dim), it simply does not expose no matter how long your exposure. Once you've got a good red/blue balance (which it looks like you are close), keep moving the green laser in closer until you get the right balance. I would also check your green laser batteries (the C batteries) and try using fresh ones, since the green laser uses the most power and drains batteries the fastest. The green beam is narrower, so you may need to sacrifice film coverage to get better color balance. Let me know how this works for you. You seem very close. - Paul @Sergey, As you have noticed, the separate sequential exposure for the colors does not produce good results. This is because the "Instant Hologram" film needs a threshold power below which it will not expose (this is why the green did not expose at all separately, and why the blue only exposed a small area separately), and each threshold for each color is different. Now you can understand one of the many difficulties of making this full-color kit a reality. The film needs the combined simultaneous power of all the different colored beams to expose properly. Your first attempt (the one from <url>"x3" plates, but if we get overfunded, we will start looking at larger sizes. So help us surpass our goal, and make that happen! Thanks. @kiran Thanks for the that. I love hearing from people who have made holograms with our kits, and want MORE. Help spread the word, if you can. Thanks. @taylor Great idea. I'll see what kind of ideas we can come up with. Thanks. @arturo Quite right. Thanks for your help in answering @corey.