Thanks for the comment scornwell. Make sure to check our campaign page and youtube channel for the latest updates. We've just uploaded a video of the Dot Stereo prototype in action! We are happy for your interest in Dot. @scornwell, Thanks for the kind words. We will be receiving the first Dot stereo units at the end of October. Videos and demos on the Indiegogo page for everyone to see. We are really looking forward to the improved sound quality now that Dot features aptX on both the Dot mono and Dot stereo! @scornwell, We have just published an update with the contest winners and a short quote from their response. Check it out! @Miqu Mama, Eric has put together a great product, I am very interested to see where some of the stretch goals will take their product! Currently, both products support aptX. Two differentiating features I would point out are: 1) microphone and 1) control for music playback and making calls. Thanks for bringing up a great product for comparison. @ scornwell - Here is a link to the new relaunched campaign - <url>"HOW A MOB OF KICKSTARTER VIGILANTES ARE KILLING THE WORLD’S SMALLEST EARBUDS" - <url>’s past experience with Indiegogo resulted in varying levels of success, Kickstarter seemed more attractive as a platform for testing products in beta. Since So Special Labs partnered directly with the creators of Dot who owned the intellectual property rights to the product, So Special Labs proceeded with the launch on Kickstarter. The moment we decided to move forward with Kickstarter was when Kickstarter approved our project. Throughout the campaign, So Special Labs never claims to be the original creators behind Dot. Setting up the campaign goal at a low $30,000, represents this position. The financing goal was to cover what we required for tooling the mono and the stereo units, and setting up quality controls for manufacturing. The Kickstarter campaign was launched for less than 36 hours and the community loved Dot. We were pleased to see that the community responded raising almost $300,000 in such a short amount of time. This was evidence that we had correctly predicted the market, and the backer community wanted Dot. This is a testament to the creator’s ability to create a compelling product at a competitive price. Given the success of the campaign, this also brought a lot of the negative commentators out as well, many of which were also linked to campaigns with competing products. Ultimately, Kickstarter put an end to the campaign. This means that our decision to use the Kickstarter platform to launch Dot was miscalculated. We apologize to the enthusiastic backers who showed their support in hopes of making Dot a reality. So Special Labs never claimed to be the creators or only creators of ear bud headphone, and unfortunately some individual backers labeled the campaign as a scam simply because similar products already exist in other markets or that other market competitors are crowd funding for similar projects. So Special Labs will continue to search for and bring to market cutting edge technology. We hope that this explanation will serve to resolve any misunderstanding, and that backers and partners will continue to support our agenda. Ivan Kan @ ALL BACKERS - The campaign did not get pulled from IndieGoGo - <url>"Dot - World's Smallest Bluetooth Headset". We will also be relaunching shortly. Stay tuned everyone and visit our website <url>ônimo Kanaan Blaas, Dot will be shipped with (S, M, L) standard earbud tips. We will be able to exact measurements once we move further along! A lot of backers have been requesting ordering multiple units. Unfortunately, it is Kickstarter's policy to not allow ordering multiple quantities. We are considering reaching out to Kickstarter and see if there is anything we can do or maybe offer in through the stretch goals. Thanks for your interest! Here is a link to the Kickstarter's position: <url>