I've posted a quick blog update (<url>"Early Access" on Steam, and all backers will receive their keys to gain access very shortly. Still on my plate before the game goes live: finishing cloud saves on steam (mostly done, I just want to make sure that updates will go smooth in the future here). Integrating into the Steam matchmaking lobby system (a bit more tricky - the entire interface is written in C, and Dysis for the most part is not - however this will be done soon). I've been working with my sound guy recently, and we are getting a lot more sounds and music into the game - so you'll be able to experience all of that once the game goes live. I've also been squashing some rather large/annoying bugs that have to due with Intel graphics cards/especially with OSX - and I'll admit it has taken me a lot longer than I expected to get that working fully - however I think I completely have at this point - so Dysis should definitely be working better on lower end systems now. @S.D. - weird about the FB profile - sorry about that, must have been some new privacy thing? I went ahead and just opened up all my privacy options to ensure that link works again! The settings in the launcher are those for the actual game (and World Builder - though the WB resolution is dynamic as it can be resized) - but you'll be able to set any of the graphical or audio settings via the launcher. The launcher will also check your hardware and ensure it is compatible (and only allow you to choose options available to you/tell you if you're going to see any errors in-game). Unfortunately I've yet to finish multiplayer, and it's (obviously) taking me a lot longer to perfect internet stuff than I had expected. I've made some other large updates to the engine (now allowing full terrain shadows and the like) and have posted a brief description of the "Dysis World Builder" tool that will be coming with this upcoming release on the blog ( <url>"Purchased Downloads" there will be three stand-alone versions. (Currently the Windows and Linux are at 0.0.03, and Mac is at 0.0.02, but if you want the .03 on OSX, just grab the Linux ZIP, extract and run the Dysis.command file) The 2x Proto was upgraded to 4x all around (so 4 Proto, beta, full game on release) - if you are missing keys, shoot me a direct email so I can track a little easier (and send you keys myself to that email if you haven't received them). Gifts aren't linked to names - the backer list name (which isn't included in this version) will be global - so everyone will see all backers in the survival and credits when that list in included. So the gift keys you have can be sent to anyone you want. Dysis has a test build on Desura, but I'm still waiting for the builds that I can distribute to be verified. I've been in contact with a staff member, so hopefully I'll be sending out the keys/invites very soon! I was a little behind getting the install to Desura (just got it up to them last night), I'm working on an update, but we might be a couple days behind schedule, my apologies! I'll be getting an update out soon to keep you informed on everything, but right now we are waiting for the first Prototype to be verified by Desura (they check to make sure the install works and such)! Thanks folks - definitely feeling better, just set me back a little bit! :) Calvin - very cool! Adam - you should be able to just go to the Dysis main Kickstarter page, there should be a banner at the top that says "One Dimension Games needs information from you". Actually, according to my records, I've already got your survey info - you should be good to go. You can private message me if you want to check and make sure the details are right! Sure thing Darren, I should have an update in the next day or two (I'm a little behind as I had a small bout with food poisoning at the end of last week which set me back a few days - apologies for the delay), but I've got some great new info, and I'm just working on a couple models/units before I post the update! Thanks for your patience, we're getting really close to the Prototype now! Cool! Well, I'm currently aiming at the end of the December. I still don't have a date nailed down (I really ought to sit down in the next day or two and do that) - but I'm still pushing content in, I've been testing a bunch of system setups (hardware and OS stuff), and I'll be testing out the distribution stuff to make sure everything goes smoothly and is easy for everyone! While my main dev computer is Windows, Linux and OSX are looking great; I've fixed all the (small) OS related bugs I've found, and they are running really smoothly. I'm still working on some bugs/hardware limitations in the Intel Graphics chipsets (especially since digging into that stuff could uncover some other optimizations) - but hopefully I'll have that working really well by weeks end. I would prefer to get all the names into the game at the same time and have the list finalized, however I'll leave some room for exceptions - as that is definitely understandable. Sometime before the Beta I plan on announcing that I'm closing any changes to the credit list (and I'll give a bit of time when I announce this) - does that give you enough time? Also, any backers that submitted less names than their maximum will get an increased probability of those names showing up on the robots in the survival rounds (so lets say you have 4 names to use and you only put 1 in, that name will appear as often as if it were put in 4 times), though it will still only appear once in the credit listing. Good question, and thanks for asking! The email address you provided will just be used to contact you so that you can choose to distribute the copies as you see fit, the copies won't be tied to your email. Strike that, error with Desura was on my side (whoops?) - good to go now! Whipping up the surveys and some pictures for the update right now. @Josiah - haha, yes indeed. That's why I've got someone else to manage the forums coming in. Should keep me focused on content! Hey! Working on an update for today, and I'll be sending out those surveys today too! Nope, we aren't ranked on Greenlight yet (unfortunately, I was hoping we would be by the time I made an update), plus I'm still waiting to hear back from Desura (but I feel pretty confident on that front). Dysis is at 93% towards getting into the top 100 on Greenlight though, so that is really good news! Hopefully we will be ranked soon, and it'll only be a matter of time before Dysis is up on Steam :) Keep telling everyone you know! There /technically/ is a Dysis forum, however I am re-vamping it, and I'm bringing someone else on board to handle it every day (answer questions, moderate, posting new info there, etc.) - I'll have that up and running smoothly just before the Prototype launch! Apologies for the lack of new/recent information, I've been hard at work though, and have lots to show you later today! Working on an update, apologies for the delay - don't worry, I've got some really cool new units to show off! Also the Amazon payments just closed, so I am prepping the surveys and will release them with an official update. Thanks for your patience! IIzTrollin - I've been testing on a bunch of different system setups, still not ready for the Proto release, and I have some more content to add - but it'll be here before you know it! Someone else has asked about this - my main priority is gameplay and content at the moment, but I can put it onto a list of secondary priorities. Also, I'll be making sure the resolution scales nicely (though that's really wide!). Secondary monitor support would be really cool for this kind of RTS though, I agree - you must have 3 screens though? wow! I'll be keeping it in mind - thanks for the suggestion/question. Prototypes are set for December, though I still don't have a specific date yet! I'm currently working on getting Dysis set for Desura, and I'll be talking with some other distribution channels really soon (I'm not settled on what to use for the Prototype yet though - but I'll make sure it's available for all OSs!). Today I did some work to ensure Dysis was compatible with AMD/ATI graphics cards (since my development system uses Nvidia) - I am happy to announce that AMD/ATI is looking great! Hopefully all of my other system setup tests will go as smoothly and I can get the Prototype into your hands as soon as possible! Nope! I can only send out 1 survey per tier, so I'm waiting for anyone who has an error-ed pledge to fix it before I send them out (there are a few days left to fix payments on Amazon - and I'm not sure if people with errors will receive the surveys?). I'll be sure to make an announcement when I do so, just in case someone doesn't receive it! Because of that delay, I'm working on some new content - so I'll post that with the update at the same time! Don't worry though Scott, you won't be forgotten :) I'll definitely be trying to get Dysis on Steam as fast as I can, though who knows how long that will take? Steam doesn't actually tell me how many votes up/down I've got - just a percentage of getting into the top 100, it's my understanding that the Greenlit games are those in the top 10-20. So far Dysis isn't in the top 100 yet (of course it's only been a few days), but if we keep pushing we can make it! In the mean time, I do have a built in screen-cap function =p Working on one right now - sorry for the delay, I've got a lot of information to send out to everyone, and I'm just getting it together! :) Thanks again everyone - you are fantastic! I'll be posting the PayPal links tonight, and I'll leave them up for a bit - hopefully we will hit the $30k total without too much trouble! I'll be sending out an update announcement when I get those PayPal links up to give out details as far what's coming up next and what my plans are! To clarify for anyone who is unsure - the Prototype will become available in December, but I don't have an exact date nailed down. I will be doing extensive testing with different platforms/system setups. If everything goes smoothly right away then the Prototype will be released a little earlier in the month, if it takes some time to adjust for different systems and make sure I have the content in that I need for a fun Prototype release, it might be a bit later in the month. I want to make sure that your first experience with Dysis is a blast, even though it will just be a Prototype! Also, over the next couple days I will be sending out messages to everyone to gather names for Dysis, T-Shirt sizes, and all the other info I need - I'll elaborate on this a little more in the update - so stay tuned! I'm going to be setting up some PayPal links on Dysis.net later today for those who couldn't pledge here on Kickstarter - I'll be adding that total to what we have here so we can hit the additional stretch goals! Thanks for your support everyone! Yes they do Jacob! Thanks for your continuing support! @Darren - good deal! :) @Jason - Yes, absolutely. I definitely should have been more clear. Thanks for asking! Both early bird tiers are counted like their higher tier counterpart in this regard as well. @Corhen Haha, well I'm basing the word off a partial Dyson Sphere, so a Dysis. Don't worry I have good reasons for this which will be unveiled in the campaign story! @Jacob - hope you liked the shirts and the extra info about backer names! As for minimum specs, I'm still working on those (and that is one of the big things I will be working on as the prototype date gets closer - code optimization and various system testing). What I can recommend is having a dedicated graphics card (or at very least an Intel HD 3000) - I recommend an Nvidia or AMD/ATI solution though! I plan on having some graphics settings, so at the very least you can turn them down if you are having some graphics difficulties. I also recommend at least a couple GB of RAM. @S.D. thanks! Also, that's really good info to know! @Patrick, right now there is just one tech tree in the works (with bigger, end game units in the end of the tech tree). I was hoping to add other alien races if we hit the "Travel to Other Planets" goal, but in lieu of that, I'm just not sure. For now, I am going to focus on a single "race", and make sure to add some variety in the ways you can choose to play it - in the future I may add more! @Darren - thanks! For the $20 pledge you get access to the Prototype, Beta and full game. The Prototype is set to release in December - it will be more than what you have seen so far, but it will be something that I am constantly working on. You basically get to join in on the ground floor and see Dysis as I develop. Because of this, you can add input, and see the game evolve. The Beta is scheduled for March of next year, by then I plan on having the majority of the gameplay content working, a lot of bugs smoothed out and I will be working on the campaign. While I don't have a date set yet, you will also get access to the full game when that happens (hopefully not TOO long after the Beta)! Thanks again for your support everyone! I couldn't do it without you! Thanks all! @Brigham - after the Kickstarter has finished, I will ask people for the name(s) that they to be inside the game. You will also be able to choose your own nickname in the game (so they can be the same if you want, or not - up to you!) @Robert - Thanks! Right now my plan is to get Dysis onto Steam Greenlight, hopefully it will make it up on Steam. Regardless, everyone who pledges will get a DRM-free copy, and if Dysis does make it on Steam, I will send out keys to everyone that wants to transfer their copy to Steam (but you won't be forced to). @Diji - Perhaps! I'm not a huge fan of paid DLC, but I do think that the stretch goals can add a lot to the story and gameplay of Dysis, and I would love to give them the time and effort they deserve! In the meantime, there are still 48 hours - so don't give up yet! @IIzTrollin - no problem! We'll figure it out, just let me know when you want to switch/add in a couple names. Thanks Patrick! Sure, we can change the names later, but I would prefer not to do this too much once the Prototype has launched! Yes! In fact, I will be asking every reward tier for what name(s) they want in the game - you don't have to use the same username as on Kickstarter either :) Absolutely! Once the Kickstarter is over, I'll be asking everyone for the name(s) they want to appear in the game! Who knows what will happen in the last few days, all I know is that I really appreciate everyone's support - thanks so much! @Carlos - I'm planning right now to get the Beta out by March :) As for the T-shirts, not out yet, I've been working on gameplay stuff non-stop since the launch. I do have one design fully made now, and I'll be working on the other two (which I've had sketched out) today. I'll be posting another update with those and info on how the names will be in the game once those designs are made! Thanks everyone! The Prototype should be available in December (it's at the bottom of the reward tiers that feature it), it will definitely be available for Mac (and Linux/Windows!), and I'm still nailing down the system requirements, however I recommend at least a couple GBs of RAM and a dedicated video card at the moment (part of the reason I am waiting until December to get it out there is I want to ensure it is compatible with all systems - even if I need to have a set of lower graphics settings). I've tested graphics card as low as the Intel 3000 HD (It was integrated on a desktop Intel core i5 I believe) and the Nvidia 8800 GTS and it is working on both, though it was a bit sluggish on the Intel card (though turning off post processing speeds stuff right up). I would recommend having an Nvidia or ATI/AMD graphics card, but I will be working on getting it optimized for as many cards as possible by December! While it may happen at some point, I've set the largest stretch goal at 50k because it really allows me the time I need to make other planets/robotic races a real possibility. So if we don't hit the 50k mark, I won't be focusing on the other planets until after Dysis hits full release. We're only a few humanoid robots away from that goal (haha), but with over a week left, anything could happen. Keeping telling everyone and hopefully we'll make it! Thanks Josh! There will be liquids (water and lava) however I'm unsure how far I'll get into naval battles. Currently the liquids will just be used as weapons (robots aren't really fond of either water or lava). You're not alone in expressing interest in this though, so I'll have to look into making naval battles a reality :) Well Matt, I tested both out, and I've ended on cubes - and while the hex terrain can still be used in the engine, I've made some optimizations on the cubes that simply cannot be done with the hexagon prisms. I really like the look of the hexes though, so I am working on a terrain smoothing algorithm that will render the cubes less blocky (right now it actually looks pretty similar to the hexagon terrain). I may re-introduce the hexagon terrain later for alien biomes. Haha, I don't think I'll be including portals in the game - however I could definitely see someone adding them in with a mod if they wanted! Thanks for the support folks, keep spreading the word! @ChuckAdams - haha, it sort of is! No hex prisms right now, what you are noticing is the first stage of my terrain smoothing progress. The terrain is smoothed horizontally for a less jagged look on corners, but it ends up looking a lot closer to the hex terrain, which I like. At the moment this is purely a rendering option, so users can switch easily between cubes and this. I'm glad you like the effect! Thanks everyone! @Josiah - ha, maybe at some point :) @Jacob - sounds like fun, I'll look into getting a venue and see how many people are near that would be interested. As for the reward tier though, people will definitely get their own personal experience! @Ben - thank you! @Jordan - yep, everyone will be able to host a multiplayer server and play at the same time. LAN and internet play will be available, plus people will be able to host a dedicated server if they would like. Thanks Jason! Absolutely - I'm working hard to get another update out with some good video action, but I definitely want to finish up some more deployable units first! @TheShadowDoctor - thanks! :D Haha, I agree too! I'll be posting on before I sleep, though I may work a bit into the night to make that happen :) I've got a lot of new stuff, and I want it to look good, then I'll be spending the next week whipping up some new video content for the final week and that final push - should be some really good stuff! Best, -Chris @MasterSJT - that's the idea! I haven't nailed down a max player count, but 4 player will definitely work :) @Josiah - just finishing up a few 3d models and getting some new elements programmed in - should be really soon! @TheShadowDoctor (and Josiah) - the large variety of biomes would definitely part of it, plus I would add a ton to the campaign story - so the money would give me the time to do that (since it would definitely take more time to pump that out). Originally I only had a couple stretch goals, I added the closer ones in the first update after we already hit the KS goal, but I didn't want to alter the planet goal number because I would love to hit it. I'll definitely look into adding additional goals between here and there - though 'conquer the galaxy' seems quite ambitious! Thanks for the support everyone! @Jacob - I'm not borrowing the story from anywhere :p I'm sure parts of the story will definitely be similar to other stories that I've read or heard in my past and liked - because you're right, people gain inspiration from any number of sources. However, I will be constructing a universe given some (hopefully unique) starting points, and attempting to generate a story logically given the rules and state of that universe. I'm not ready to unveil the entirety of the story just yet - so you'll just have to wait until I'm finished with it and it's in the game! @Pablo - The update to the $35+ tiers was an attempt to make them seem more favorable to the lower tiers (also to encourage people to share more with their friends). Basically, by getting in on the $35+ tiers you get a "bulk discount" - however all tiers should really be seen more as rewards than a purchase (as this is a fundraising platform). The new update will contain exciting content for everyone in all tiers to enjoy! @Josiah - I can tell you the story will be quite a bit more intricate than this =p nice try! Thanks Rich! The $30 pledge is 4 copies of the Beta, but no Prototype access (so you'd have to wait until March). To get four copies of the Prototype, you'll need to pledge on the $40 tier (I know it says two there, but I've updated it to include four copies now - I just can't change the description on the right hand side). Excited that we just hit $15k everyone! Thanks again for so much support! Keep telling your friends and spreading the word - another update is just around the corner! @Dylan Currently creating a bridge and destroying both sides will leave the center intact (unaffected by gravity), however there do exist some blocks that are affected by gravity (sand blocks) - they just can't be used to build bridges as they fall. I will be looking into some blocks that take traits from both of these and fall when not supported by blocks underneath or surrounding blocks. You will be able to use liquids to corner and destroy your enemy. @MasterSJT There will definitely be enemy bots capable of building and destroying terrain - so watch out :) As for traps - sort of. I am working on some deployables currently, and will release a lot of details on those with the update. @Jacob - I definitely agree and I'm already planning on having a story line. I've got an exciting plot in mind, and as we hit the stretch goals I have a bunch of things that I'll be adding to it (they won't just be levels added on top, each of those elements will extend the story mode!). Couldn't agree with you more :) Interesting thought to through it in as a stretch goal, however maybe I can do something like full unit and story voice-overs with one (since I intend on having the story in there no matter what). @Rich - thanks so much! I've definitely been trying to figure out game progression - I think I can say that obviously players will unlock new units, buildings (and I'll soon be announcing deployables), however I really like the idea of gaining rank. I'll be unveiling the commander robot soon, this robot will become upgraded as players progress through the story (and likely as they play each other) - plus, the $250 tier will have unique characters here - I'll be working with those who pledge to figure out all the awesome features these bots will have! I'll be releasing a lot more info on them soon, but the idea is that these robots will be multi-function; capable of building and fighting, plus great at leading your army in battle! There is no mobile version planned currently, but I will be looking into something like OnLive, which may offer a solution to this. Thanks for the support and encouragement everyone! Best, -Chris @Felix Thanks! @Josiah, you very well may be correct, hopefully this update I'm working on shall keep pushing things forward. Got several new big things to show off - just need another couple days to get them ready for prime-time :) @Jacob - ya, that'd be cool! @Ingvar, yes indeed! I've got a bunch of stuff I want to show off - just trying to get them all really nice before I get them out to you! @Ben - thanks! It should be a ton of fun for sure :) The space stations will have some space combat, though most of the action will take place inside the stations themselves - for maximum space combat, the goal will be asteroids - where you'll see stuff like micro-meteor storms that can impact your entire army and base and lots of other fun stuff. With space stations there will be orbital strikes and likely re-enforcements from your station! @Hunter - there will definitely be liquids (right now all I have planned is water and lava, however if we do make it all the way to other planets, I have a bunch of other liquids that I will be adding as well). You will definitely be able to use them against your enemies, though I haven't worked out their physics yet. They will likely be finite, and thus not like Minecraft. @Jacob - yes indeed there will be a story line and campaign! I'll be working on gameplay elements and adding in all the units/assets through the Prototype and then be working on the campaign during the Beta (as well as fixing up any bugs that show themselves). As far as games... hmm, well, most recently I played some Torchlight 2, that was a lot of fun. But I've dabbled in a bunch of things all the way back through the doom and quake games, half-life, starcraft, supreme commander, portal. So you know, a bit of everything. I don't really use Steam for online gaming that much, but I do quite enjoy it. I play LAN games most of all :) Thanks for the questions Ingvar! 1) The FPS mode will be used in a number of ways; first, to out maneuver enemies - we are talking like any FPS game here - chances are, you as a player can beat out the AI (if you are decent at FPS games). It'll be an obvious choice if you are winning a war to take some time, pilot a few robots and just have fun - it's quick and easy to jump into a robot, fight for a bit, exit and do something else. It'll also be advantageous if you're doing poorly too - lets say your opponent has more resources - you can't afford to throw waves of robots at them - so you pilot your bots in one at a time, or lead small squads (I'll be discussing squad tactics soon too) - this will allow you to use your skill in lieu of resources. The FPS part is built into the core of the game - so it's not just tacked on, it'll be a lot of fun to get in and reign destruction yourself. Plus you can always play creatively, move blocks around, build up a base by hand (though of course you can do that in RTS mode as well). 2) Right now, multiplayer will consist of skirmish RTS type maps - there will be various sizes, sets of biomes/themes, and you'll get to choose teams (so you can play with or against your friends and throw some AI bots into the mix as well). The smaller maps will probably make for shorter games than the larger :) Woo, thanks for the continued support everyone! :D Underground should be a lot of fun too - you'll be able to find ancient alien robotic factories that could help you turn the tide of war and much more! @Josiah - you'll definitely be able to tunnel, as for sink holes... likely not. But surfacing could definitely leave a decent sized hole, plus you'd end up in the middle of your opponents base! (if they let you get that far). @samuel (and Josiah) - yes, the engine does support potentially infinite terrain, however this won't be used for multiplayer skirmish modes (at least not at first). The article you were talking about Josiah is here: <url>"personal" youtube channel at: <url>