In case you missed it, we're excited to share that we just released a software update for iOS and Android that includes Playlists, which allows you to create lists of artwork that you can rotate through at an interval of your choosing. Check out our blog post for more details: <url>– Looks like your second unit is currently being held by customs! Shoot us an email at <email> @BonanzaNLD – Thanks for the feedback! We're looking into this for a potential future update. @Sandeep – Glad to hear it! @Graham – Smart-brightness:high is brighter. @BonanzaNLD – Thanks for the feedback! Yes, we are looking to build in those features for an upcoming release. @Sandeep – Sorry for the confusion! Looks like your second EO1 just passed customs and is on its way to you. Shoot us an email at <email> for more info @thomas – Glad you're enjoying it! You can purchase a stand here: <url>– Your two EO1s shipped yesterday afternoon! Send us an email if you did not receive your tracking numbers @Sandy – Your order shipped last week! Did you receive our email? We will follow up shortly @Simon - Thanks for the feedback! Would you mind sending a pic to <email> for us to check out? @Cory - We're still experimenting but are hoping to release more robust support for these types of web work soon. @Andy - There should be no problem letting EO1 lean. Glad to hear your kids are enjoying it! @Chung - Thanks for the support! @Tarus - Thanks for your patience––almost there! Your White EO1 should be shipping in the next couple days. @Scott – Thanks for jumping in there =] We are looking into a feature like this for an update down the road. Keep the feedback coming! @Loren - Thanks for the thoughtful feedback and support! @Richard - Right on! @Andy - The bezel is attached magnetically at the four corners so that you can easily swap it out for an accessory frame if you choose to do so in the future. Re: Set Url it’s an embedded chromium 42 web browser. Web works are still experimental, if you're having problems with a specific url shoot us an email at <email> @Troy – Sorry to hear about the install trouble! As the device weighs about 15 lbs, shouldn't need toggle bolts for install. Shoot us an email at <email> and we can help answer any questions regarding installation. @noisemachina – Thanks for pointing us to that! @Scott – Yeah! You should be able to upload via the web on your mobile device. Looking into native App upload for future updates. @Brent – We don't currently have any filters in place on the Public Gallery. Casey Reas's "Scan" is a great example: <url>’re also working on ways to improve the experience of generative work on EO1, so keep an eye out! @Gregmom, Dan andJason – Thanks for the great feedback! @Mac and Richard – Almost there! Shoot us an email at <email> with any questions about your order! @Kelvin — The Stand is sold separately, since we hadn't built or priced it in time for the campaign, but you can get one here: <url>— Thanks for the super thoughtful feedback! We actually do cache locally, so you should see better Display performance on previously downloaded work. We're working on some better caching strategies here. Some of the artworks are close to 20mb, so there will always be some delay, but we can do a better job of minimizing the delay and demonstrating download progress. re: IFTTT, stay tuned. @Rono — We'll be in touch with a few questions / troubleshooting tips! @James — So sorry about the delay! We were working on figuring out how to pre-pay your VAT taxes. I'm digging into this now and will be in touch soon. @All — Shipping is nearly complete with another 390 going out today and tomorrow. Thanks for bearing with us. Shoot us an email at <email> with any questions about your order! Jake @Denis @John Shoot us an email at <email> @Brett @Dan Thanks guys, appreciate the kind words and the feedback! Working on a better power cord, but we didn't want to delay delivery any longer. The good news is that once we get a better power cord (working on it), it'll be an easy improvement. @Juan - Just saw your email and got back to you! Check there for details. @Mattimeo + Dirk - Sorry about that! Shoot us an email at <email> and we'll help troubleshoot right away. @Steve - Correct, you'll have to upload them on our page––we do not currently support Flicker @Sandy, Mac + Pete - Thanks for your continued patience, guys. Your orders should be shipping soon––keep an eye out for the shipping notification email! @David - Thanks for the interest! We do not currently offer any promo codes, apologies for any inconvenience. @Bryan - It looks like there was a typo on your email address when you submitted the ticket so our response was lost! Saarim is getting back to you now--hold tight! @Arun - Thanks for your patience. Your EO1 should be shipping by early next week! @Andy – Your address has been updated! @Alex – Your EO1 should be shipping next week. Keep an eye out for the shipping notification! @Marc Thanks for the kind words! @Bryan Saarim responded to your question yesterday, did you not receive it? We'll try again now. Jake @Denis – Thanks for your patience! Your EO1 should be shipping next week. Sit tight and keep an eye out for the shipping notification! @Geo We actually just shipped an update which changes the way GIFs are rendered on EO, using the video player instead of the GIF player, so any GIF that you upload from now on should play fine. We're in the process of going back and converting all other existing GIFs now. Sorry for the early issues! @Daniel Wow, thanks! Annie will be so pleased! We're working on "delete" functionality but for now you can just email us, and it's all handled through our server for now. @James - Sorry about that! There's a few things we can do. Sending an email now to help troubleshoot. @BonanzaNLD @Brett @Ken Just posted a quick update here. Almost there! <url>– EO1 comes with a capacitive touch button that allows you to turn the display on or off without shutting down the device. This button is located on the top right hand side of every EO1 (look for the EO logo!) @Richard Hey Richard, thanks for asking, it's a pretty interesting program. First I want to express that we sent Amazon only a small number of units, such that it would not impact our delivery commitments to backers. That was important. EO1 shipments will be complete within the next two weeks as promised in the last update. It's not an official partnership with Kickstarter, but they reached out to us to participate as one of their featured products, and we thought it would be a good idea to take them up on the opportunity. They're definitely trying something new, and I'm pretty excited that we had the chance to get in at such an early stage. Jake @Missy @Robert Yes, we made a call on keeping cord color consistent for this production run, and opted for white with the goal to reduce visibility when hanging (the assumption being that most walls are lighter than they are dark). We're re-thinking that, frankly, and would like to offer customers options at and after checkout. We're working on a plan for accessory cords. @Jason @Missy We'll have more to share about the subscription service soon, but the short version is yes it's totally opt-in, and it's only for access to artwork produced specifically for Electric Objects in partnership with institutions and artists directly. @Geo - Sorry about that! A solution is forthcoming, but please do send an email to <email> @Arvinder - Happy birthday to your daughter! We will look into features like this for updates in the future. @Torben — Definitely, please email <email> and we'll change the shipping address for the frames. Jake @David — Thanks! The frames are at our fulfillment center now, and we're planning to ship those out this week. You'll get an email when it leaves the warehouse. Jake Hi all — I'm happy to report that we built 500 EO1s last week, and are on track to do another 500 this week. Making good progress against our timeline, and excited to get your feedback once your EO1 arrives! Best, Jake @SeaDawgg — Awesome and thoughtful feedback. Good idea re: forums. We'll do some research @Robert — Thanks for the kind words! Glad you found the brightness settings. The new app (coming very soon) has brightness and sleep controls built in, so that will be easier. @Juan @Troy — Sorry about that. We have a fix, and we'll email you now. @Troy Hey Troy — They are only loaded via our website today. We take that pretty seriously, and definitely owe you and the rest of the community a failsafe plan, which of course we never plan or hope to have to implement! Jake @Mac @Bonanza Hey guys — Posting an update today on timing. Thanks for your patience! Jake @Jason Totally agree! Appreciate your support and will have an update to share in the next few days. Thanks, Jake @Jason @Ken Hey guys — Totally understand your concern, and I'm bummed that everyone doesn't have their EO1 yet. As mentioned below a few days ago I'm working on an update for you this week. At the end of May we quoted 4-6 weeks to complete production, and doing our best to stick to that timeline. More info as soon as I have it. Email me if you'd like to discuss further, and thanks again for bearing with us! Jake <email> @Joanna — Can you get in touch at <email>? @Tarus — Absolutely! All of that functionality will be in the app soon. @Jason Dunn — Can you email us with shipping issues? We're <email>. @Jason Hayes — Yes, shipments are ongoing. I'll get an update out this week with additional details. Jake @Richard – Sorry for the confusion! It is the latter: you have to load an image into the system to change the display. @Russell – We are looking into features like this for updates down the line! @Richard – You can display images from folders on the Upload page, simply by selecting "Choose File" and navigating to the folder. @Russell – Sleep schedule preferences can be found on your web profile. Once logged in to electricobjects.com, if you go to "Settings" in the drop down menu under your username, the "Sleep Schedule" options can be found at the bottom of the page. Below this you can also find the "Smart Brightness Beta" settings, which can be turned on or off. @Shaun Thanks for letting us know! We're thrilled to hear you're happy with the experience so far. (You'd be shocked to know how much engineering work went into that setup process, and the time between when a user hits Display and the art appears on EO1 :) Please keep the feedback coming! Jake @Jason Definitely, thanks for the feedback. @Jason Hey Jason! No change from the last update in terms of delivery dates. I hope to have an update to share with number of units shipped by end of week. Thanks for your patience! Email us with any questions at <email>. Thanks, Jake @Tom – You can definitely display your own pictures! Both from the web as a URL or direct uploads. @Sjors – Send an email to <email>! @Shaun – Still under development! When you install your EO1 you'll be given the link to download the app. @peter Shoot us an email at <email>, if you don't mind, and we can help you out. @Hester Yes, you do need to plug EO1 into an electrical outlet @Tarus Yes! Just confirming everyone's addresses. Still on track for production and shipping kicking off end of May, and finishing up in the 4-6 weeks following kickoff. @Tom No plans to integrate with Artkick at the moment, but we'll take a look! @Jason @Kyle Hey guys! Sorry for the delay. We've been traveling a bunch. Looking good for end of May, we'll send a proper production update within the next week. This week we're working on getting firm delivery commitments from our manufacturers / suppliers for the build. Thanks! Jake @Geo A — Certainly do appreciate the feedback, and with that in mind, we are considering a change in the future to the way the product is bundled. Thanks for your support and your candid comments. @Scott Yup! The Stand will work with the wooden frame Thanks Jake @ P.G. — Really sorry if there was a miscommunication. EO1 is designed primarily for the wall, and we view the stand as an accessory for people who want to bring it into their home in a different way. We did mention in the campaign that the stand would be sold separately (see the "Designed to Fade Away" section), but my apologies if that wasn't clear enough. The reality was that we weren't far enough along with the design and manufacturing of the stand to know how to price it at the time of the campaign, which is why we're launching it now. Hope that helps explain our thinking here. It's a really nice accessory, but excluding it from the core product helps us keep the product less expensive, and for the majority of people who will hang EO1 on the wall, it would be an unnecessary addition. Feel free to get in touch with any follow up questions. Happy to continue the conversation here. Jake <email> @Simon (To be 100% clear, this was just a typo in our ordering system. Everything is as it should be :) Jake @Simon –– Sorry about that! You will be receiving your EO1 with EO1 Stand in May. We're updating the automated receipt now. @Kave –– Sorry for the confusion! If you order EO1 stand by May 1st we'll ship it along with your EO1 (no additional shipping cost). @scott — Targeting wooden frame ship date around the same time as EO1 in May. @Robert — Stand coming soon :)! @Kingsley — You can still edit your address. Thanks! Jake @Shaun — Just 2.4GHz for now. @Sam @Robert — Hey guys, sorry for the delay. We had some issues with USPS international shipping today and yesterday, that we're hoping to sort out tomorrow. Your Beta units are packed up and ready to go, stay tuned for tracking numbers as soon as I have them. Don't hesitate to get in touch with any questions: <email>. Thanks, Jake @tau_ceti Wow, really appreciate the super kind comments. It's a terrifying thing to send a new product into the real world, but hearing something like this makes it all worthwhile. So, thanks. @Jason/Ken — So sorry for missing these comments! Yes, we're still on track for May. I'm thinking about collecting feedback from Beta users and sending that around in the next update. @Robert this week! (yours is probably going out today/tomorrow) @Jason Sure! I'll put an update together next week. No updates on May, as we remain on track. Anything in particular you'd like to hear about? @James Yup, you could just plug it into the Wemo I'd think? @tau_ceti Yes! We're working on docs now. Shoot me an email or at <email> and I'll point you in the right direction. @tau_ceti Yep, it's a small wall wart. No brick! @tau_ceti Good question. We spent a lot of time finding a cord that we're happy with. It's a high quality white material. To hide the cord completely, there are a few options: use a cord concealer, get an electrician to help you run it through the wall, or use our custom EO1 Stand (which we'll be announcing in further detail soon). Hope that helps! @Robert — Thanks for being so thoughtful about placement! It's a matte IPS LED display. EO1 has an ambient light sensor so it adjusts the brightness according to the brightness of the room, and we keep the brightness much lower than traditional screens. @Edward — Thanks! We're unveiling our participating artists weekly over at <url>— The resolution is 1080p (1080x1920) and brightness is 300 nits. Thanks, Jake Hey all! Sorry for the delay, update love coming your way next week. All is well in EO-land :) We're busy, but the good kind of busy. Jake @Richard Yep, lots! I'm sending an update out soon. Stand by... ! @Brett — I'm not sure, but we'll look into that. @Jon — The plan is to bill now, so we have enough money to pay for the units. @Denis — Thanks! @Richard — Actually I made a mistake. Panel life is approx. 30,000 hours, and we expect it to be off about half the time (when you're asleep). That comes to about 6.85 years. @BonanzaNLD — We haven't built it yet, but we think it makes sense for you to be able to set the schedule. @Stephen — That's cool, and I think it would work. That's the kind of thing that either we'll build, or someone else will. @Dutes — We may end up building something that helps you rotate through your collection, but we're sensitive to the fact that people find most "slideshows" distracting. @Christine — Ack, sorry! I was getting an answer for you. Bill's estimates put it at 10-15lbs. @Adam — Absolutely, you could easily write something that grabs those images and brings them to your wall. @Kiwi — We aren't planning any slideshow features, we hear from our users that they find it distracting. We're definitely interested in integrating with third party communities like Flickr! @Edward — For the panels we're using, they are rated for 15,000 hours. @Loren — Thanks Loren! We hear you and will be working closely with our users and artists to make the right decision here. @Ben — a) EO1 retrieves all artwork over the Internet, so you'll need to upload your photographs (which we will try to make easy for you). Note that this DOESN'T mean they will be public. b) Yes! The idea is that when no one is there to see it, EO1 isn't on. @SeaDawgg — Glad that you're already getting started! Artwork within those specs should look beautiful. We've talked about maybe "releasing" landscape as an over-the-air software update later on, since the hardware (wall mount, tilt sensor, stand) all support it. Really it's a question of experience, simplicity, and consistency for our community of artists and developers creating original work for it — work that we think will be the most compelling. At this point we can't make any promises other than to say we will be responsive to our community as the product evolves! Jake @Jeffrey / @Christine / @Brendan — Thanks for your question. Right now the thinking is to ship an international blade kit to adapt to different wall outlets. It's worth noting that the size of the wall plug increases when accommodating different countries' power receptacles with the blade kit. The other option is having specific wall plugs for different countries, which is very expensive. In the coming weeks/months, we'll look into all options, with an eye to balancing convenience, aesthetics, and price. Hope that's helpful! @Rachel — Yes! We'll send a survey through Kickstarter where you can tell us your color choice. Jake @Giacomo: It's uploaded to the cloud, and you'll be in control of your privacy settings. @Daniel: There's no glass in front of the display, which we think makes it feel / look a lot better. You will be able to turn it off remotely, and there will be time of day power settings/controls. Lastly, the wooden frame is slightly larger. @Richard Nope! It's quiet. @Robert: See the first photo on the page for an accurate example of what the cord looks like. We'll be offering a choice of white or black cord, and the cord material will be similar to what powers a Macbook. @Paul — Thanks for the feedback! We're hearing from our early testers that "slideshow" is the wrong experience, but at the right pace it might work. We're eager to experiment around pacing. @Giacomo — You'll use our web application or mobile apps to upload your pictures, and yes it will have an adapter for EU customers. @Christine — Exact dimensions are 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D (with wall bracket and mounted on wall). I'll get back to you on weight! @Dustyn — Thanks for your interest! Not quite sure what our retails plans are, but we'll keep you in the loop. Jake @Aaron — Great question. We're exploring how to handle custom framing now, but Bill is optimistic that we can find a solution. @Richard — Unfortunately we can only offer one shipping price for international orders, which means we need to average across countries :( @Edward: We're currently looking at 2-4GB of storage @Mike: Thanks for these thoughts. Oddly enough, my first project name for this included the word "window." I won't tell you the full name because it's too embarrassing, but the metaphor isn't far off :) Jake @Keith Thanks for the feedback. It's totally understandable that it feels primarily like a landscape resolution, because that's all we've used it for in the past. We're trying something new, and in our early testing it seems to be working. It changes what people expect from it, it stops feeling like a computer or a TV, which is exactly the point. Hope that makes sense? @Edward: It will have built in memory, but no immediate plans for NFS/SMB shares. Sorry for any confusion. The product will certainly be complete when it arrives! We have a beta audience of users today, and we'll have 100 more when the first prototype runs in January. All of the hardware will be complete by January, so we'll just be iterating on the OS and web/mobile clients in the intervening months before final production launch in May. @Mike That's awesome to hear! Please do keep us in the loop. Email <email> to stay in touch on all things SDK. @Gregory: Sure thing, please pledge the 2x Reward for $798, and send us a message letting us know. Thanks for your support! @Keith The wall mount does support landscape. It's really just a software constraint. When we speak with artists about creating work for EO1, they find that constraint useful. In other words, creating work that makes sense in two orientations is a very different creative process. So this decision was made in the name of making it easy for artists to explore this new form factor and distribution channel. We also believe that users won't really want to stand up and rotate their EO1's as they change between portrait and landscape works. What's important for us is a simple and consistent experience for users, and a platform that encourages creative expression for artists. @Nathan: Nothing to announce quite yet! @Guy: Thanks for the feedback, we're looking into it! @Aaron: Still working that out! Sorry we don't have more info right now. @Mike Thanks for this! We're pumped that you're interested in developing something for EO1! Much of this is still way up in the air, but here are some directional thoughts: 1) There will be very little barrier to hacking on your own EO1. We want to work closely with our developers / artists in the early days, so if there is any kind of barrier, it will only exist to ensure that we have the bandwidth to provide the level of support that we think is critical, and we'll only put it in front of creators who want to list their applications in our "store." 2) Yes, that's the goal! I describe it as "Developer Mode." No reformatting! 3) You can absolutely view an arbitrary URL. It's the Internet! We'll just communicate that we can't guarantee performance, security, stability, etc., but it would be silly for us to presume that we can capture all of the wonderful things on the Internet in one system. 4) Working on this. It's a question of manufacturing / logistical complexity, cost, risk. But stay tuned for more info. 5) Yup! Agreed. That's how we would want to use it. As I said above, building a platform is a constant balance of Open vs. Closed. We want to learn from platforms like Apple and Android, and select the best characteristics of each. We want developers to experiment and users to have a safe and reliable experience. I think we can have our cake and eat it too. @Aaron + @Edward: Sorry for the confusion, and thanks for the follow up! As you might have guessed, much of the software layer is still under development / testing, so we don't have all the answers today. What we know for sure is that we'll support importing artwork from your local disk (via upload) and from the Internet (via tools like Extensions/Bookmarklets). I could also envision investing in something like a bulk uploader tool. We'll know a lot more once this is in users' hands and we're getting their feedback. Porting the OS/application to other hardware is a pretty big investment for us (we're just a few people), so right now we're focused on maximizing performance on our own hardware. Our general feeling is that we should 1) build a really good experience for the 99% of users that want something simple, secure, and easy to understand / use and 2) keep it flexible / open enough to allow developers and artists to surprise us. It's a tricky balance, and requires staying close to our community and digging into conversations exactly like this one, so I really appreciate the feedback. Jake @Pat: Thanks for your note! That sounds fascinating, we'll take a look. @Aaron: Good questions. A guiding principle for this project is to keep it as affordable as possible. Less standard aspect ratios would have been cost prohibitive. The OS is a custom Android designed to run specifically on our hardware, so we can't guarantee performance on other systems. Unfortunately the RPi didn't have the processing power we needed to run a browser and render our test suite of animations and javascript-based visualizations. Developers and artists working with our SDK will be able to load any URL, including local URLs. It's an important part of the development/creative process for our participating creators. Cool, we'll check out Ryan's work! @Takuya: There isn't an HDMI input, all artwork is loaded wirelessly over the Internet. Based on feedback from the campaign, you can count on us exploring multi-screen artwork! @Federico: In our testing, 1080p at 23" is above and beyond, particularly at an average viewing distance of more than 5' @Roderick: The exact product dimensions are 21.75"H x 12.98"W x 1.71"D (with wall bracket and mounted on wall). The stand will be sold separately. We didn't have it in time for Kickstarter launch, but will keep our backers updated on its availability. @Shaun: Thank you! We're still working with our participating artists, evaluating a handful of different pricing models. You'll be able to build your own collection based on artwork found around the Internet, and the store will have free art as well as paid. @Sam: Thanks! Unfortunately, the price is as low as we could get it, and we don't make a larger profit when more than one unit is ordered, so we decided to just be transparent and make it clear that the price is $299. Hope that makes sense! @Ronald Laudner: Hi Ronald, That's great to hear! Please pledge the 5x reward and make your pledge for $2,495. We'll make a note in your order for the wooden frames. Thanks for your enthusiasm! Jake @Austin: Totally, we're speaking with IFTTT about what that might look like! @Martin: Thanks! @Haytham: It's as wide open as the Internet, for individual use. @Kevene: Yup! And I'm sure others would love to see it as well! @Dax 1) We nixed motion detector because we realized it wouldn't actually solve that problem. For example if someone is sitting still in a room, we don't want to screen to turn off. And we don't want it to appear when someone walks in, that would be distracting. 2) Agreed! That's a fantastic use case and one I hope to explore with our Artists in Residence. 3) It takes about as much as an average lightbulb, but to your first point, we hope to save power by turning it off at night when no one is there to see it. @Simon Agreed! It's really up to the participating artists, so it's something we'll work closely with them to explore. @Simon We're focused first on making sure there is great artwork available for EO1. It's a little more challenging with Chromecast because we don't know the screen size / resolution / etc. But the work won't be exclusive to the platform, so artists are free to repurpose it for other platforms. @Jeffrey Yup! Full support for animated gifs, and subtle dynamic objects like cinemagraphs look really nice. @Garth We're building a storefront where artists can sell their work. We're still working out the pricing model and plan to explore a range of options in the coming months. In addition, there's plenty of freely available artwork available in the public domain that you can draw from. @Joey It will show the most recent object, cached, unless it's powered by real-time data, which is an error state we have to solve for. @Joey Right! Makes sense. You won't need to store locally since it's always connected, but we will cache some things for performance. - Jake @Joey Yup yup! It's the Internet, and we'll have a pretty flexible/open SDK for developers. Generally, I think feeds/slideshows are a bad idea, but if we slow it way way down, it might work. -Jake @Nir 1. We'll include the stands in our store after Kickstarter. Unfortunately couldn't get those ready in time for the campaign. 2. Yes, we will have insurance for the cost of the product. @Shaun Multi-user access is a pretty frequent request among our test users (offices and homes sometimes have more than one person in them I guess), so I think we'll have to tackle it for launch! - Jake