I can definitely corroborate on that. We had *a lot* of family and friends support us, including many who were not initially familiar with kickstarter and crowdfunding, but who still wanted to throw their hat in the ring to support us. But while it's true that a lot of our family and friends chipped in, I am by no means discounting the allegations brought up here. As always, we will continue to be open and transparent about the matter and report any and all discrepancies to amazon/ks. If those pledges are removed and it brings us below the goal and we don't make it, then so be it and that is fair and square. We did spend money marketing and promoting this project and it will be a very bad hit for us, but we want as little to do with all of this as anyone else. Hi folks, Just finished a long day of production planning and jumped in to see a blast. Wanted to address a few things quickly here. Riggo, I agree with you, just as I have previously agreed with Goat as well. Something is definitely off. From our end, we previously reported the matter to kickstarter and amazon payments, and will continue to do so again. I will be PMing you to get more information so I could pass them off in our next message. We have nothing to hide here and have done everything possible before to solve the matter, and will continue to do so in the future as well. Jared, I'm very sorry to hear that your privacy has been violated. I'm sure Riggo would be able to update his spreadsheet so your name is blanked out. As always, I will be chipping away at the project, but Bob will be here for any follow-up questions. And I'm always open to a PM. Hi folks, I was away for the long weekend, but now I'm back. Most of my attention and energy has shifted towards prepping and planning for the production of the project while other people (like Bob) are monitoring the comment, but I'll still be checking in from time to time. We have already sent messages to Kickstarter and Amazon about the accounts and will be following up with more to be clear on our end. Additionally, Mr. Thisner is definitely working with us on some of our other projects (we are producing two other titles at the time of writing this), and yes, he is working to find funding. He's helping us prep up for some investor pitches we have next month. But he's not involved with this campaign (in fact, he's even a backer for this one). We'll be mounting up for a second round of paid advertisements and other promotional activities in just a few days, so keep your eyes and ears peeled! In the meanwhile, here's Part 2 of our John Watson: A Prologue series. <url>"Ridiculous!" said the devs. They had worked hard to plan, create, execute and market this campaign. There was no foul play at hand on their end. But as the allegations continued, some more people in the community said the same thing. So the devs, having nothing to hide, said alright! We'll do whatever is in our power to solve this. We'll write to the publisher, we'll write to the crowdfunding website, and we'll even write to the payment agency. So they wrote to the publisher, they wrote to the crowdfunding website, and they even wrote to the payment agency. All three of them told them that they were not doing anything wrong and that they should continue promoting the campaign. They went back to their community and told them what the response was. Some people cheered for them, others were even more disgruntled. Meanwhile, the string of negativity almost brought their campaign to a standstill. Some of the people egged them on to do more. So the devs said, ok we will do more. We'll go back to the people we talked with before and see if they can be pressed for further action. Some people cheered on that as well, and yet some were still disgruntled. They called for the campaign to be cancelled and relaunched without the publisher's support. The devs ran the numbers, and that was unfeasible and could lead to considerable losses for their little studio. So they said that while that's not something we can do, rest assured we will push for action. And all this while, the devs were spending a huge part of their time, energy, and efforts into talking to their community, to journalists and to set the record straight. Some of them had lives and families outside of work that they completely ignored because it was being suggested - directly or indirectly - that they were behind some foul play and they wanted to be clear and prove it otherwise. And then there were allegations that even if the devs were not directly involved, someone else was pumping them up - perhaps the publisher, perhaps the Knights Templars - and that the devs should do everything possible to find out who they were. And you know what? The devs said, ok. On their end, they could only reach back to the three musketeers mentioned before. And they were willing to do that. But alas, even that was not sufficient for some. This was really, really disheartening for the devs. And then everything they were doing in their campaign was grumpled upon. Why is that reward in this tier? Why did you get more funding one day and less another? Why did you use these words instead of those? Why do you like bacon for breakfast? A small realization began to appear to the devs. Perhaps... perhaps it was not possible to please everyone all the time. Perhaps, despite their best efforts, some would never ever be happy. And so the devs said, you know what, we'll do everything possible on our end. We're doing more than anyone else has done throughout this whole mess, but if some still have concerns that we are not doing enough, maybe we should leave them alone. Is that the right way to go? There was doubt. They didn't really know. But they were trying their best and some people were very under-appreciative of that fact. And so the devs decided they would be transparent as always and do whatever they could about the matter, but that they would start spending their energy on the game that they wanted to build - the reason this all started in the first place. That that would be their ultimate tribute in the matter. Some people would be happy, some people would be sad. There was already a lot of damage done. There were still a lot of critics, but the focus now had to shift on those who were still supporting them, supporting the project, and supporting the campaign. The End. Thanks, @Riggo. We're not very upbeat about any of this ourselves. You have seen me determined to do whatever I can to get to the bottom of this. I have responsibilities at work and life beyond the Kickstarter, and I have literally completely abandoned them all at this point of time as I spend most of my time here addressing concerns and trying to get to the bottom of things. All we really want to do is make a point-and-click game that people would love. Instead, we find ourselves in this. :( Oh, and to answer your other question, no I haven't been played 7DTD yet! Mostly because I'm spending most of my time trying to set the record straight - here, to journalists, with Kickstarter and so on! @PonySaint @Serena: Thank-you for believing (and in the case of Serena, continuing to believing) in us. However, cancelling and relaunching the campaign comes at a tremendous expense. We spent a considerable amount of money in advertisements for the campaign - an amount that we only increased once we saw traction for the campaign. Not to mention the money we spent renting cameras, light, sound equipment, and then paying a DoP, editor, and sound mixer. And not once but twice. And then the time the staff put into planning, organizing, and marketing the campaign. Time that came with an opportunity cost associated with it. If we cancel the campaign and start all over again, our small studio incurs all those as losses. For someone as small as us, that is enough to put a dent in us for a long time to come. So relaunching would not only mean setting our goal to a daunting $100,000 for the project (since we won't have access to double funding), it would be $100,000 + all the expenses we incurred to set and promote this campaign up + all the expenses we would incur to set and promote a second campaign up. And if we fail to meet that, it could very well be the end for our little studio. And what are the chances we will fail to meet that? Pretty high. Shadow of the Eternals is a classic example. But @PonySaint, you mentioned manually cancelling some pledges. That is something that I would be completely up for, but I am not aware if that is something I can do? And if not, I will, on my end, be contacting Kickstarter again and request that they do so. The amount they are making off our project is, at the most, $5k, which is peanuts for a company their size, so I would not completely discount the possibility. @Michael, I do agree with you - and that is the reason why I reached out to kickstarter in the first place. As you can imagine, I do not like a bit of what is happening, and I will definitely be following up with Kickstarter on the message they sent to see if further action is possible. Elementary, My Dear Holmes is a product of love and that is what I want it to remain. Yes, we are all sad by what has happened and it has caused a lot of stress to me and the team, but we still want to make this happen and make this happen ethically. Thanks for your message, @PonySaint. I would like to address your concerns. I am familiar with the list that you are referring to, and I have already contacted both Kickstarter and Amazon with regards to it. I told them exactly what you have told me because I did not / do not want to do anything unethical, and wanted nothing to do with it. If I was orchestrating this, I would not have gone to the extent of pointing this out myself to Kickstarter and Amazon. I am extremely concerned with what has been happening, and not only did I point this out to KS and Amazon - but I also talked with several journalists from Gamasutra, Joystiq, AllThingsD and other publications to acknowledge this and let them know that we have contacted KS and Amazon. I even forwarded the replies I got from both of them to the journalists as well. Trust and trustworthiness is important to me, and that is why I have been extremely open and transparent about the issue, and taken whatever steps I could about it. And as I mentioned before, I am willing to go even further and take whatever extra measures are required to get to the bottom of the issue. @Serena... @Porcupine: What are you two going on about??! And thanks, @Alex! We're very excited about being able to start production on this! :) @Fate: Thanks for sharing. Pity you did not point that out before. It looks super-neat! Hi @Zachary, Thank-you for your messages. I read your comments on Gamasutra earlier as well. I was debating on whether to directly address them or not, but then I got into a conversation with Kris (writer of the Gamasutra article) via email in which I showed him copies of the mail I sent to Amazon/Kickstarter, the replies I got from them, and the efforts we have been doing to maintain a clean and transparent campaign. Thanks also for your support here in the comments section! You're right by saying there is nothing to be gained by further pressing the notion. But there's no denying the fact that Goat did bring an issue to light, and I am thankful to him for that, and hope that my efforts to find an answer reap some rewards. Oh, and thanks for your nice words around the video and concept! We look forward to building it up and then having you play it on your Ouya! :) When the community asked us to talk about this to Ouya, I talked with Ouya. When the community asked us to talk about this to Amazon, I talked with Amazon. When the community asked us to talk about this to Kickstarter, I talked with Kickstarter. Naturally, I am doing that because I am very disappointed around what has happened around the profiles, and because I really want to get down to the bottom of this and help quell any and all doubts anyone might have around us. We are extremely committed to Elementary, My Dear Holmes and our first priority is ensuring we have the trust of our wonderful community. Hi Goat, Your concerns were definitely passed on to Kickstarter. If you can PM me your email address, I will even forward the response I got from Kickstarter, which includes my original message to them that asks for the payment correlation. And this is absolutely my #1 priority. I have been talking with journalists from many publications throughout yesterday and today as I explained our side of the story. I am not at all doubting your claims, and from my end, I have taken every step the community suggested. I am willing to take whatever else steps are necessary as well. @Porcupine: Thank-you for saying that! It's really nice to hear that after the last two days! We are truly grateful and supportive of you and everyone else who is backing us on the merit of our concept and pitch video! Go Watson indeed! :) Hey folks! Update: I have just heard back from Kickstarter on our query regarding the backers. They say that it is possible the first-time backers are Sherlock Holmes fans from our outreach, or the ones that came from our personal network and friends of friends. Having said that, they also suggest that we continue promoting our project in case those pledges do not go through or if there are any issues. We still have 15 days to go to raise funds and despite all that has happened, our commitment to Elementary is as strong as ever thanks to the support we have been received from our backers. Even if some of the accounts/pledges do not go through for any reason, Elementary is in a good position to keep going strong. I sincerely look forward to us promoting the project around and supporting new backers, point-and-click fans, and Sherlock Holmes enthusiasts alike. As always, I am here to address any concerns or questions about the game! @Matt: You, sir, are awesome. Such a big thanks to you and the backers who still strongly believe in us. You guys are the reason we keep trucking on through such trying times! Thank-you for your support! So, we are seriously considering using this for the names for all the characters in Elementary, My Dear Holmes. <url>#5 in the Updates section and feel free to let us know which one you like best! Serena, you should totally watch it before the game launch. It's one of the best Sherlock Holmes shows out there! Also, the team at Victory Square Games is super happy to announce that we just reached out to Benedict Cumberbach's agent to see if we could get him to voice Sherlock. ;-) As long as they don't come back to us with a million dollar quote! Message to Amazon for clarification sent! :) Ok, can you please confirm here when you get it? If not in the next five minutes, please feel free to let me know another way. @Goat: Sent 12 minutes ago. Still not received? @ Serena, @Ghan: Folks, I'm ready to send a message to Amazon/KS to clarify that. Have sent a draft to goat, just waiting to hear back. As devs, these incidents are a great drain on our energy and creativity, and I would strive for us all to focus on a positive campaign while still getting to the bottom of this. @BigD: Good to see you back! A black lab? Here I thought you were Tim Schafer in disguise! @Goat: Thanks for those links. That seems... interesting, to say the least. I have sent you a PM with a draft of the message to Amazon/KS. Still open and willing to follow-up on that. @Pogopuschel: Hello! Thanks for joining in! We do hope you stay because we would love to have you along our dev journey as we make an awesome point-and-click adventure game! @Ray: Thanks for your message. We're holding off from keeping any verdict, but I am emailing Amazon/KS today for clarification. I will update accordingly! Hi Ghan, Thanks for that. As I mentioned to Goat as well, I will be writing to KS/Amazon today to see if anything is wrong. We did have over 20,000 people saw our Sherlock-Holmes specific ads and brought in many new people in though. @Goat: I will be more than happy to email Amazon/KS and clarify about the accounts. I had been hesitant to do so because we are dealing with people and I do not want us looking aggressive on our backers. But I am willing to go out of my way to clarify the situation if that means your suspicions will be quelled. We had over 20,000 Sherlock Holmes fans see our ad about a Sherlock Holmes Kickstarter and that naturally brought a lot of new people in. But since you have doubts, I *will* send an email to Amazon/KS before the end of the day and share the reply with you. @Tzolak-Barter: Thanks for your support. It means a lot to us and yes, you're right. The day we got $12k was when Rock Paper Shotgun did a feature on us. Alright folks, I just woke up and saw that this is still happening. Let's clear things through. Goat, I'm not sure how I can give an answer that will satisfy you. I can't explain those accounts. While we appreciate their pledge amounts, it isn't my place to comment on why they pledged in the first place. As a sign of our good faith, I maintain that you take matters up with Ouya if you think we are trying to do something wrong with them. Hi folks, I maintain that the devs have nothing to hide on their end. I have tried again and again to talk things out, and as a sign of good faith, I urge you to take matters up with Ouya if that makes you feel better. I agree that there is something interesting about some of the backers mentioned here. I also maintain that we know nothing about those backers. We trust and respect them, just like we trust and respect all our other backers. And we have absolutely nothing to hide. We want to focus on a positive campaign and on making a fun game that all of us can love and enjoy. We put in a lot of sweat, blood and tears in crafting a great pitch video and we want to continue creating content. We put in a lot of sweat, blood and tears in spreading word about our game around and we want to continue down that road. We want to focus on the positive. I don't know what else we could do to clarify things from our side than say to take the matter up with Ouya directly. Thanks for your comment, Ben. I agree that the backers list is interesting in the least. Someone does seem to have a very interesting sense of humour. But I would like to maintain that whoever they are, whatever, they do, and wherever they live - they are all awesome people. We have nothing but gratitude for those who are supporting us. And we, in return, shall support them. Also, just so everyone is clear - we don't even get the bulk of Ouya money until after the game is finished. The game will be built using donations from our generous backers. Any dev that is trying to put their own money in the program to try and make quick money will actually end up losing money after Amazon payments take their cut! Hi all, First of all, thanks to the awesome backers who are standing up for us. You guys are awesome. We love you. The accounts and profiles you guys mentioned does seem very interesting indeed, to say the least. I have been going through the backers list since this was brought up, but not really checking profile pictures. We don't really know who they are, what they do, where they live - but they are all awesome people. They backed our campaign, and we are truly, truly grateful for that. To those who have been personally affected - Eden, Rita, Emily and others - I would like to extend a personal apology. We got a lot of non-gaming Sherlock Holmes fans that we brought to Kickstarter via our forum posts and Facebook ads. That has led to some suspicion, but we know as much as you do. And we will support our backers till the end, irrespective of whether they are new or old to Kickstarter, gamer or Sherlock fans, or whether their pictures to express themselves are their own or others. Goat, if you have any issues or concerns, would you please direct them to me instead of accusing our backers? Some of the art is by the same person. Some is not. We have a large team of in-house artists at Victory Square Games plus we have partnered with a London-based art and animation firm, Nucco Brain, to do all the art for the project. So yes, while #3 and #4 were done by the same person, not all the art is. We'll be taking a final call on the art soon! Make sure to vote to let us know which one you like best! Hi Nithi, Thanks for voicing your support! We love that. :-) As for us, we really got into adventure games when we were wee lads and lassies. No kidding! We hope we can make something really great and awesome for you! @Brooklyn, every effort will be made to get the Orichalum Detector beta version in time for Christmas. However, depending on the final amount raised, that might differ! We might be able to add more to the game... or change things here and there. Once the campaign is finished, we'll release a detailed timeline outlining everything. Good stakeholder engagement, right there! :-) Hi @Rita, Survey Monkey was on voice acting as we just needed a binary yes/no answer. This time around though, we want more than just a yes/no answer. We would love to hear your thoughts, opinions and ideas in detail, and so this time around, you can simply comment on the Project Update! Cheers, Sam And here's a small link to our Kickstarter stats. <url>"drug" use can cause a game that otherwise is quite tame to have a higher rating. It was why Mr. Shafer didn't get to do his bit in Full Throttle about peyote use which we made reference to in the stretch goals. We'd like to create a game that is fun for all ages, playable by kids, but at the same time, adults can get the depths of the humor and story. It's a very difficult line to walk along. We will certainly have alcohol in the game. (Old Man Number 2 is a lush!) @Jito: KS should also have a 'Like' function so I could 'Like' that comment! @Eden: The touchpad question is up in the air right now. We are currently prototyping the interface and design and while we will consider the touchpad and try it out, there is no guarantee that it will actually make it to the final version. Dear Goat, I think we may be stretching a bit too much now? Either myself or Bob (the writer) have always been super active on the comments sections (as well as the numerous forums where we have posted), replying to people on the fly! @ Mila: That's a bit more complicated. The story is pretty tight already and stretch goals will allow us to make it a bit more deep and stretch some of the more jucier/intricate scenes. That way, the duration of the story will be increased without adding additional scenes or making it look like a drag. Is there anything in particular you were looking for with respect to story increase per stretch goal? Hi Mila, Like I just told Jeb, we're looking at 6 - 8 hours, but yes, that can increase if we are able to hit some of our stretch goals. We have a great story that we want to tell, and access to more resources will definitely help up! :) Hey Zisel, 1) Our immediate plan is to keep promoting the Kickstarter so we can hit some of our stretch goals! 2) Yep, you sure can! 3) We'll take care of shipping! That's how awesome we are. :) Oh, and the video did not *say* that Sherlock lost his memory. Only that he did not remember some things. That may or may not translate to a direct memory loss. ;) @Eden: That's excluding cutscenes! That is pure gameplay! How awesome is that? ;-) @ Eden - We're aiming for a minimum of 6-8 hours of gameplay time. Without cutscenes. That's a bare minimum, and once we start hitting those stretch goals, the gameplay time goes up a lot! We'd like the players to do a lot of research in game as well, which mean a fair bit of reading. @ Jeb - We're trying to find a good balance. Games with a lot of zaniness can quickly become a bit too childlike, and we want to stay far away from that. You can have good humor, while still having material that pertains to an adult audience. Don't worry, the dynamic is alive and well! It just may need a bit of... adjusting. @Robert: Thanks for the support. Glad to have backers like you. Still hope that Goat believes in us eventually. :) Hey Jeb! Thanks for the comment. Right now the script is sort of a slightly darker version of Monkey Island. A lot of silliness in the background characters, but the main story is fairly mature. What else would you like to know? Hi Eden! Thanks for your note. At this point of time, we're still looking to see how much money we can raise for the game. A higher amount can definitely mean a longer, more intensive story. At the bare minimum, we are at least looking at 6 - 8 hours here! Thanks, Goat! I checked the screenshot you sent and sure enough, there are those people in a row. It is not up to me to judge on these people backing us up, but I would like to put out an open call for the folks in the image to reach out and, if they feel like it, address Goat's concerns! :) We're all here to make and play games, and I'd like to foster a positive community here. :) Heya Goat, Thanks for your note! Now the last thing we want is assumptions to be drawn up about the campaign so I'm happy to talk and address any concerns you might have. I have just gone through the backers list and the order I see is C, K, C, T, J, W, N, M, T... in short, I don't see an alphabetical one. Could you please tell me where you are seeing an alphabetical list of first names? Also, I just randomly checked opened the profiles of 10 people who have backed the project and 7 of the 10 are several project backers. Could you please elaborate on that as well? As to how we got successful, we've been pushing *a lot* on several forums around the web and engaging with our backers constantly (just check the rate of how fast we replied to you!) Someone or the other is monitoring these threads 24/7, we got an AWESOME review of ours done in Rock Paper Shotgun that brought in oodles of traffic, as well as several posts by smaller websites that loved our pitch video. And we have multiple PR firms working with us to promote the project in North America and Europe! Plus, we have wonderful members of the Adventure Game Revival movement who are cheering us on here and promoting us in several of their own forums as well! I understand where your concerns are coming from (I saw your posts in the other comments as well), but rest assured, we're very grateful of the respect and trust the community has put into us, and are doing our best to honour it. Please feel free to get back to me if you have any more queries! :) @ Matthew - Thank you very much! Our team can't stress enough how much we appreciate all the work our backers do for us. @ Dablue - Welcome, Dablue! Thanks for backing our project! Hopefully Satan is a big donator! A Death Starfish for sure. @ BigD - It's so close, the entire team is sitting here biting our nails! (And working). @ Matthew - We think so too! @ Liz - Our offices are located downtown, near Hastings and Cambie. Not quite Gastown, but close. @ Nicholas - Mycroft is an interesting character. One thing that I think games don't do enough is focus on the family of main characters. Mass Effect, for example. In one of the backgrounds Shepard's Mom is alive, and you can talk to her on a few occasions in the game. I always thought this was a lost opportunity, and relationships between family can be complex and interesting. It's one I want to make sure is taken advantage of, especially between Mycroft and Sherlock. (I think Sherlock BBC used this to great effect). Irene is the perfect foil/villain/love interest for Sherlock, and I've always found it remarkable on the complexity and depth of her character for the era when the books were written. @ Jito - Your concerns are totally valid! We haven't really been too open with what changes there are going to be for PC, but I will give you a bit of a teaser. Since we'll have the six months to continue work on the game, we plan to add a lot of flavor, outside of the core mechanics. Optional areas to explore and speak to characters, and an in game codex of information about canon, and non-canon Sherlock stories. In addition, we would be able to add a HD upgrade to graphics and optimized controls / settings for PC. We won't do just a port, it'll be something to make it worth the wait. Guys, I'd like to thank-you for all your amazing help in spreading the word. But I would like to throw out a BIG, BIG Thank-You to @MagicalTux, who has just pledged $10k to the campaign! Sir, you have just made a LOT of point-and-click game lovers very, VERY happy! Big shout out to @MagicalTux, folks! Don't let the applause stop! The love we're getting here is awesome! Thank-you very much posting here, there and everywhere about the game, fellas. I'm whipping my staff round the clock to keep track of all our forum mentions and to show up and say hello everywhere this has been posted. Bob now has four whip marks. In case anyone wants to keep score. @Zimra: The Xbox seems like a distant possibility right now. Let's see how indie-friendly Microsoft gets! @Serena - Thank-you for putting your trust in us! I saw the discussion at Hero-U yesterday, and then yelled at Bob to get right over there and clarify things up. I'm really happy to see you here now! To make up for it, I will feed Bob two times today instead of one! @ComboMash - Why, thank-you! We're looking forward to creating a very whimsical story in the game as well! Whimsical == Good. And thanks to all others for keeping the donations coming in as well. We love you all and all your shares and promotion of the campaign is much appreciated! @Becky and @Dean - That's what we're aiming for! A point-and-click that is not tongue-in-cheek is hardly a point-and-click. ;-) Also, thanks linking us to Alum (and for linking us AT Alum!). I just backed them myself to make that happen. Go more point-and-clicks! @Chris, if Kickstarter allowed to 'Like' comments, I would have liked yours! @ Chris Robacker - Since Watson it will be on Android, it would be possible for us to port it on GameStick if we can talk it out with the Gamestick developers. @ Paskarl - Rendering 2D games is a very straightforward process these days. The OUYA's android system will have no problem bringing the world of Watson to life. Watson is being created using the Unity3D engine, which makes it extremely easy to port games to many different platforms easily. On OUYA specifically, the game will likely use the analogue stick and the 'O' button as the primary replacement for the mouse. We are also investigating use of the OUYA touchpad, but it has yet to be properly playtested. How will the PC/Mac versions be different? Higher quality graphics, more particle effects. Option to switch between point-and-click mode and navigate Watson using a keyboard/gamepad, behind-the-scenes elements, in-game character gallery. Plus, if time and resources permit, we'll even throw in a few easter eggs and special puzzles. Hey Paskarl, thanks for your feedback. We'll definitely update our FAQ to outline the differences. Thanks for pointing that out - that was a sharp catch. We should have you write our copy! Bob, you're fired! ;-) Thanks for the love, guys! We'll definitely make it count. Please remember to spread the word! Hey Paskarl, We're still in the development process, but we'll get gameplay footage out as soon as possible! And we LOVE those big oldschool boxes those games came in (I think I've still got a few of them kicking around somewhere...) But they're pricy to make and ship, and we're only a small company. The donation amount would need to be pretty steep to get something like that. For our next point-and-click masterpiece we'll try and get some made! And as for the Ouya bit, we're all big fans of the console here at Victory Square Games! We know it's a bummer you won't be able to play it on your computer right away, but we'll still have it out for you by September 2013! Thanks for your comments and backing!!