@Jonathan We are definitely going ahead with the project. The copter has enormous potential and is very powerful. Please sign up at <url>"good blog". If someone wants to source their own parts and put together their own drone there are resources out there for them to do that. Our intention is to provide a kit so that someone can just buy it in one place and put it together and have it work. Help and support will be more useful when it is based on known and inspected parts rather than what someone "bought on the web" (Kind of like Macs that use a standardized hardware model rather than Windows which tries to work with everything under the sun) Our product is for people who want to USE the drone more than they want the experience of building, tweaking etc. There are many people who would prefer to pay a little more and have the security of known hardware and support rather than spend lots of time sourcing parts and trying to figure out how to put it together with no instructions or warranty. You may not be one of those people... and that's ok. We appreciate the contribution you did make. :) @Eric The devil's in the details - that kit would be very bad for AP (and frightening). Very underpowered. The 12a ESCs alone should have tipped you off. Running at full capacity you may get a few lbs of thrust, but nobody should ever run an ESC at capacity. There's a reason eye3 uses high quality 50a ESCs paired with high quality 350w motors. To boot, your (spam link?) kit is not that cheap - and where's the rest of the stuff? With eye3, you have nothing else to buy, no-questions-asked parts warranty, extremely detailed guides in English, aftercare and an excellent product from people who actually care about this stuff. Cheers :) @Dan, You could fly it with only 4 channels but you couldn't switch modes, control the cam, gimbal etc. I'd use 6ch at the minimum, and THANKS BIGTIME!!! @Charles Tx = transmitter and RX = receiver and yep that's the 'remote control radio system'. TxRx is the common terminology in RC, but I'll make a FAQ update to clarify. Thank you!!