Dear Backers, Initially when we started the "Eyez Glasses" project we received quotes from engineers and manufacturers that were far less than what was actually necessary to complete the project as we had detailed in our KickStarter Campaign. Because the project is such an innovative concept, engineering firms and manufacturers had nothing to compare it to at the time and misquoted the task of producing the product to our specifications. After we received our Kickstarter funding we put that money towards engineering the glasses, and discovered that even though we had exceeded our fund raising goals, the money raised was only sufficient enough to create an inferior product. To create a fully functioning prototype of the Eyez glasses as specified and promoted would cost much more than we had anticipated and had raised through Kickstarter. Although we had initially explored the traditional financing route in hopes that we could create the product better and faster, as soon as we discovered that the project would require substantial additional funds, we more vigorously pursued this avenue. Conventional means of raising capital from Venture Capital firms and Angel investors is necessary to secure the remainder of the funding required to fulfill and complete the project. Unfortunately, unlike the Kickstarter platform, traditional fundraising opportunities are incredibly difficult to obtain and even harder to close. Despite that, and because of the viability of our product and the experience of our team, we have had over 20 meetings with different potential investors ranging from well-known venture capital firms to billionaires looking for a new project to invest their money. We have received excellent feedback about our product, business model, and our team from every one of the investors we met with. We are currently in serious discussions with several investors who are prepared to invest in this endeavor but closing this type of financing takes a lot of time and effort. The project cannot be completed without these additional engineering/manufacturing funds, so solidifying investment is our top priority at this time. At the same time, our engineers continue to work towards the creation of a fully working prototype. However, we are not currently in a position to make any promises regarding the shipment date, as we would rather wait until we are absolutely certain so as to not disappoint our Backers once again. We understand that some of our Kickstarter Backers are disappointed about the delays and have reached out to us in search of further information. We are currently working on another update for our Kickstarter Backers that will offer more insight into our current investment pursuits and engineering efforts, but due to confidentiality agreements that are in place, we cannot yet post anything publicly about the specifics. We are still 100% vested in this project and we are working as hard as possible to turn this dream into a reality. We assure you that we will not stop working diligently on the project until we have exhausted all avenues at our disposal. Best Regards, -The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, For those of you who missed our last comment, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team Dear Backers, First, we want to thank all of our Backers for the support you've given us. The Kickstarter Backing has been the driving force behind the Zeyez project, and we appreciate the support our Kickstarter community has given us! We apologize for the radio silence over the last few months and the fact that we suck at PR, our time has been focused on aggressively pursuing investors to solidify the million plus dollar financing necessary to finish the project and deliver each one of our Backers they're pledge. At this time, we have a series of promising investment opportunities that have a high probability of closing in the near future, and we assure you, our Backers will be the first to know. We understand that none of our Backers want to receive a "PR" fluff update, and trust us, we don't want to send one. Ideally, the only update we'd like to send is that we are shipping Zeyez to your doors, but we're not quiet there yet. Like any new technology, there are a number of unforeseen hurdles that arise and we've been doing our best to overcome each one of them. Zeyez has been lucky enough to garner a lot of investor interest and excitement in our company over the last few months, and we are confident that we can close financing for the project soon. Unfortunately we cannot speed up the investor due diligence process. We appreciate your continued patience while we go through the investment process. We will keep you updated with important investor developments as they arise, but we cannot guarantee the duration in which they will be posted. We would like to avoid updates when there is nothing imminent to share. Also, we have been trying to direct all our Backers inquiries to our <email> email to avoid confusion, and make sure we have the resources to address each and every one of you in a timely manner. So in order to receive a quick response, please contact us at <email>. We will not be monitoring our KS comments/message board. Best Regards, - The Zeyez Team @MediaMatthew - regarding certification, we have looked into the various requirements. The biggest one would be to get certified from the Federal Communications Commission These tests would be similar to those conducted on cell phones and the entire certification phase is accounted for in our development schedule. Also, the radiation emitted by the glasses are negligible compared to those of a cell phone (less than 1/1000th), which should lead to a shorter certification process. @Ozymandias+Garcia85: please check out our latest update #19 <url>"new" Rayban Wayfarer design. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Jose, The glasses will function comparable to your digital cameras in an environment with high glare operating-room tungsten light. We will run some tests and send an update to inform you of the glasses' light sensitivity. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Olivertwisty, The Eyez app is designed to broadcast video to Ustream and livestream. It will also have a direct link to your preferred social networking platform for instant video uploads, whether it be Facebook or Youtube you can share video segments with the click of a button. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Mark, Perfect timing to ask that question. We will be sending a video update to all our backers explaining where we are at in production very soon! Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Andrew, To Pre-Order Eyez, click on the $150 pledge option on the right side of our Kickstarter account. Click pledge and follow the directions to complete your Pre-Order. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Carlos, Currently we are only offering an option to pre-order 3 or 5 pairs of Eyez. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- The micro USB port featured in the images of our prototype will be concealed by a sliding hatch similar to those used on the latest smartphones. The hatch will enclose the contacts to protect from potential damage caused by water or other environmental factors. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- For now we will maintain the ZionEyez logo on the side of Eyez glasses. Our mission is to promote video sharing with friends and family on social networking websites. We do not want our customers to mistake Eyez as a device designed for "spying" applications, tarnishing our reputation as a social media company. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- Just to clarify the statement below: Eyez have a comparable camera system to the gopro, contourHD, and vio video cameras, which all utilize fisheye lenses without much distortion. Reviewing video clips from these devices will give you an idea of the video quality. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- If you review sample footage from the gopro, contourHD, or vio video cameras, they all use wide "fields of view" without much distortion. Eyez will be comparable to these camera systems. "fisheye" lenses have a lot of distortion, this is because the have a very wide field of view (150-190 degrees) and a subject that is very close to the camera. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez fans- Any updates on product development will be posted in the updates section to your left. Thank you for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Dear ZionEyez Fans- Eyez are equipped with an extra-wide 130-degree field of view so centering will not be required to capture quality video. Eyez will also include a display of the recording "field of view" that users can reference. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team Dear ZionEyez Fans- The dimensions of Eyez™ are comparable to the Ray-Ban "Wayfarer" design (Lens: 50mm wide x 38mm high, Bridge: 11mm, Temple: 143mm). They will fit comfortably on most men and women. Thanks for your support! -The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- Product Release - Our release date for the product is slated for Winter 2011. However, depending on the success of our KickStarter launch and the overall media coverage of Eyez, the release date could be sooner. Thanks for your support! Dear ZionEyez Fans- Eyez will weigh less than 200 grams. The weight will be equally distributed on both ears. Dear ZionEyez Fans- The glasses are not designed to be waterproof, they are about as tolerant to incidental water contact as a typical phone or camera. Waterproofing the design would require us to make the glasses larger, and we think most users would prefer a sleeker pair of glasses than a larger, heavier, waterproof pair. Dear ZionEyez Fans, Thank you for the massive support of our Eyez™ project! Because of you, ZionEyez has been able to keep true to its grass roots mentality and grow organically. ZionEyez's mission is to create the most effortless video recording experience in existence and together we have been able to take a giant leap in accomplishing our mission. Now that we have reached our threshold amount needed, please spread the word and tell your friends and family to join the movement for every pre-order and/or pledge we receive from now until July 31, 2011 will only improve the quality of our product and the speed in which you can receive them. Best Regards, The ZionEyez Team ZionEyez Fans- The Eyez glasses allow communications with a host (iOS, android) through a peer-to-peer WiFi connection, without the use of a wireless access point. Exact details on communication protocols are proprietary. ZionEyez Fans- To clarify a few of the questions regarding the LED indicator- The recording indicator is a discretely placed LED that emits a brief flash when recording begins, the LED does not stay on the entire time the user is recording. It will only flash for a moment after the record button is pressed, that quick flash is to notify you that the recording has begun. After the initial quick flash, the LED will be off, and unnoticeable to anyone including the user. ZionEyez Fans- The LED can only be seen in the corner of the users eye when the glasses are being worn. No outside onlooker will know when Eyez are recording. ZionEyez Fans- The recording indicator is a discretely placed LED that emits a brief flash when recording begins, the LED does not stay on the entire time the user is recording ZionEyez Fans- Performance for fast-motion activity will be similar to what you see with the gopro and HeroHD POV camera systems. We use a fixed focus lens system (as opposed to an autofocus system) for improved fast motion video. Running sports can obviously be more prone to camera-shake than cycling or board sports. ZionEyez Fans- For those of you seeking polarized lenses. Eyez are equipped with the same size lenses as RayBans "New Wayfarers," making prescription/polarized lense options easy to find. ZionEyez Fans- The shaded lenses block 100% of UVA/UVB rays. ZionEyez Fans- A replaceable battery would be much larger than an internal battery of similar performance. No replaceable batteries will be offered. If a user really wants to record video for 10 hours continuously, then they can plug an external aftermarket battery pack into the microUSB slot to extend the endurance of the battery. I'm referring to the external battery packs that are sold to give your phone a few additional hours of battery life like the one below: <url>"Wayfarer" design (Lens: 50mm wide x 38mm high, Bridge: 11mm, Temple: 143mm). ZionEyez Fans- The battery life is up to three hours on a charge. ZionEyez Fans - Yes of course, Eyez record audio.