That's not my view, it's what Kickstarter is based on - the "What Is Kickstarter?" link at the bottom of the page has more information about the Kickstarter platform and its philosophy. The purpose of the campaign was to grow the business and that's what we've done with the move to the new workspace and the new better equipment your pledges paid for, with bumps along the road. I'm working to fulfill all perks and they will be fulfilled when all is said and done, it's just simple math that the business is what allows the perks to be fulfilled. If I don't keep the business running, that means there's no income and that leads to things like rent not being paid - meaning no place for yarn to be produced. It's impossible to have one without the other. I'll be sending out an update again when I finish this week's big production run. I want to reiterate something from my last one, though. I will continue to stock my shop and run my business and that will always and MUST always take precedence over everything else including Kickstarter rewards. If I do not stock my shop, I do not have a business, and that means FibroFibers ceases to exist which means there's nobody to fulfill your perks. The shop running facilitates fulfillment of rewards. I don't know how to make that any more clear. The other thing I want to address is that Kickstarter rewards are not preorders. Kickstarter is not a shopping platform. Kickstarter is a way for people to support projects they're interested in and the perks are just that - perks. Annette, please see my comment on the most recent update. There are instructions for this there. Add-on skeins are something I will be able to make available on the website after the campaign and perk-fulfillment is over, but unfortunately I can't offer them as part of the campaign. I need to keep things as streamlined as possible right now. Remember, I'm still working in my current kitchen workspace and without assistance. That won't change until after I receive the funding and can move to my new space. I'm sorry to disappoint on this, but it's necessary to make sure all of the perks get fulfilled in an orderly and timely fashion. Thanks for understanding. Cortney, yes, you may add one additional perk. Please see the FAQ for details. Lisa, each skein of Nightfall Fingering is 490yds. Things I have seen made from that: scarves, medium-size triangle shawls, and I made one very (very!) slouchy beanie. I would love to see it made into a baby sweater and I think it's enough for that, but I don't have many wee ones around so haven't had the opportunity to test that out. 490yds is enough to give you plenty of options. Lisa, thank you for asking - you're probably not the only one wondering that so I added links in the FAQs to projects & patterns done with Nightfall yarns. Carol, great idea! I'm actually working right now on some stretch-goal perks to add after we reach our funding goal (we're 90% there already, can you believe it?!) and more bags are definitely on the list. Cece- Aww, thank you! And I understand about the cat. my house panther Norm woke me at 4 because he needed a belly-rub URGENTLY. And really, who am I to deprive him? ;) Carol - You'd be amazed! We're doing spectacularly well but there have been some that went into the *millions*. The power of crowd funding is just mind-blowing. Cece, I have added a perk that includes one regular skein of your choice and a skein of the Special Edition. You're welcome to change your pledge and perk selection at any time while the campaign is live. Kahlua - Actually getting stuff moved from one place to another will obviously take some time, but I'm hoping I won't be tied up with it any more than a few weeks. It is my intent to be settled in and up to speed by the beginning of 2015 but that's assuming everything goes totally smoothly. It won't be a whole year, though. And I will be doing shop updates regularly throughout the campaign and while I'm fulfilling the perks. Fantastic, Sarah! Thanks! That kind of sharing and signal boost is extremely helpful. :)