We owe our KS donors our deepest thanks and a note of explanation. You are the reason we were able to make this film. You made such generous donations to a project that as we all know could have amounted to nothing. Instead with your help we made a film that is critically acclaimed and has been seen around the world. We put all of the resources we had -- through KS and our own -- into making a great film. It took years to do it and cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars. We put that Kickstarter money "on the screen" -- meaning we used it to pay our crew and pay genealogists and pay for travel to Maier's childhood home in France. When it came time to send out DVDs as part of our thank you to donors, we found frugal means to accomplish this, rather than spend a great deal of money -- your money -- on expensive plastic packaging and printing. We apologize if some of you felt this did not measure up to your expectations. We hope the film itself exceeded them. What we are delivering to you is the resulting film, not the DVD packaging. We believe you can see your donations reflected in the care and artistry of the film itself. Thank you for making this film an our ambitions for it possible. We are forever in your debt. John & Charlie Colby, feel free to email me for a link. The digital download wasn't part of that reward but we'll work it out with you. What you're referring to is a bonus screening we did through IFC for 24 hours. It was an online screening, not a download, and it was just as an additional "thank you" which was an additional bonus to any reward that we gave all backers. Thanks -John Randy, The DVDs have been shipped out. They are arriving to backers now. You should receive it shortly. Hi everyone, The rewards are being shipped out currently. Again, this is just a long delay that we are very sorry about. It is complicated, as distributions deals often are, so we are extremely sorry for this. But, please, rest assured that the DVDs are going out. Best, John Sean, IFC bought the rights for distribution and they won't allow us to put it on platforms like vimeo for download due to ease of piracy. That's just something we have to respect and work with. But, nonetheless, we are getting the rewards out now. This hasn't been a smooth experience on our part, and I'm not happy about it. Once we learned that the rewards need to come out after theatrical, we did let backers know and asked for understanding in the matter. What else can I say? I'm so thankful for all of your support and I'm happy we sold to a large distributor and the film has been successful but, in turn, the rewards have to work within the limits of what we're allowed to do at this point with our distributor. Btw, thank you for seeing the film at TIFF. Best, John Hi Sean, Chris, To address your concern Sean, we are working out the download details right now. We are weighing our options. One option is to buy everyone an iTunes gift for $15 each and manually emailing it to 350 backers, and we get no discounts on that. We checked. That would essentially mean that after the fees from that reward we'd maybe pay as much as the reward itself. Our other options for the download are more complicated and we may be able to have that figured out by Tuesday. And, yes, piracy is a concern for IFC so we can't use platforms like vimeo, etc. and are limited in scope. We'll have it figured out ASAP :) Chris, yes this was later than estimated but please understand that this was a documentary with so many variables to account for. It's nearly impossible to know what the real date would be 100%. We estimated short but that's why it's an estimate and not a hard date. I learned a lot and also that these things take way longer than you think. There are so many people involved with different schedules, etc, but the film was made well and that's what's most important to us. All rewards are in the process of being delivered right now. The online screening was organized by us through IFC and has nothing to do with your reward. It was a bonus. So if you missed it, we're sorry but we did this as a favor for you and IFC did that as a favor for us. But, ALL REWARDS ARE BEING DELIVERED NOW. We are just in the process of making it as seamless as possible. All the best, John and Charlie Hillerstrom, We are working on that now and will keep everyone updated as to when they're ready. Best, John Michael, this one-time online screening has absolutely nothing to do with your reward. It was just a nice gesture (an additional thank you) to our backers. It was extremely difficult to organize through IFC as we had 1400 emails to coordinate this through the system. It was only a one-time thing. You are still receiving your reward. As stated in the email, this was for all backers. It does not replace your reward. I'm sorry that you logged in too late and it was expired but we'll be in touch when your reward is being fulfilled soon! Thanks again! John and Charlie Charles, we understand your point. That is why we are currently working with IFC to get a live online screening so all of our backers can see the film before it hits theaters. I hope we can do this shortly and the details will come in a new update on KS. Thanks again for your support! Dawn, I'm sorry you are disappointed. But I want you to know that in order for us to have been able to finance the film's full production we needed to bring in a big distributor such as IFC. Since we were fortunate enough to have them on board we now have to work in lock-step with them on the release. We would love to send out the DVDs early but it would destroy our agreement with our distributors. I hope you can understand that. It's a good thing for the film but it just means that the DVD or download rewards get sent out after the theaters, that it all. Best and thanks, John Adam, kickstarter was a fraction of our production budget. It was to "kickstart" the project. We have many other obligations to pay that we owe. We definitely need distribution and broadcasters to give us the finances to pay those obligations or this film is underwater as are we. We really appreciate kickstarter support and would hope can understand. I'm sorry you're disappointed but hope this makes sense. Thanks again, John Adam, kickstarter was a fraction of our production budget. It was to "kickstart" the project. We have many other obligations to pay that we owe. We definitely need distribution and broadcasters to give us the finances to pay those obligations or this film is underwater as are we. We really appreciate kickstarter support and would hope can understand. I'm sorry you're disappointed but hope this makes sense. Thanks again, John Adam, kickstarter was a fraction of our production budget. It was to "kickstart" the project. We have many other obligations to pay that we owe. We definitely need distribution and broadcasters to give us the finances to pay those obligations or this film is underwater as are we. We really appreciate kickstarter support and would hope can understand. I'm sorry you're disappointed but hope this makes sense. Thanks again, John Well since the film is not out yet we aren't sending DVDs. The deals we make with distribution doesn't allow us to send out DVDs in advance of the film unfortunately. We will update KS when the film is released, and then after that we will announce when it's available for DVDs. Thanks for your support. Hope you understand. Best, John WT21: The film is still in production and is not released yet. It will be this year. Once it is you will be notified for sure! :) Thanks again for your support! John The non-receipt mess is close to being untangled! Soon we'll all be all squared away with everyone. Thanks again, everyone! John Maloof I'm sorry to everyone who has been waiting for our updates or replies. I thought this was being taken care of and addressed but it wasn't. My apologies. First off, the blank pages in the book is not a printing error, this is intentional to let the photographs breathe a bit, since they're all the same size. Please don't be alarmed. Secondly, we had worked for about 10 full days packaging and shipping books out in early December. Some of you who are waiting for a book outside the US, please check in with your local post office to see if you may owe customs fees. Some countries this may apply. If you are in the US and still have not received your book, we are looking into that currently. There are many variables that could have gone wrong so we're checking tracking info, which is very difficult to organize with over 500 tracking numbers to sift through, and then we're figuring out where they are. Please be patient. If you gave us a different mailing address after it was shipped out, well then we may have a problem. We'll find out and let you know, if that is the case. Either way, we'll be in touch very soon with an update to the handful of people still waiting. I apologize for the delay but USPS is out of our control to an extent. Best, John Maloof Thanks for the positive encouragements everyone! Great news, the book is taking shape and the publisher, PowerHouse, announced the release on their website; <url>