I just sent you an email Merissa. Btw, if anyone has any photos of cool or creative ways that you are using your iPad and Flex kit, then feel free to email a photo to joe at uzibull.com and let me know if I may post it on the blog or website. Gen3, thanks for the detailed feedback. Well, all orders have been filled with the exception of a few internationals that I need to collect shipping $. Anyone can go to ipadflex.com and follow the links to order the iPad Flex kit through Amazon or Mediastore. I will be going through the messages again, just in case I overlooked any requests. Again, I appreciate everybody's support and comments. Jason, Irene, and Mischa...thank you very much! Gen3SF, I never received a completed survey with your address. Jorgen, USPS doesn't update the tracking info until it is delivered or close to. Charles, I accidentally pressed the 'Report Spam' button on my iPhone. I apologize and sent a message to KS to notify them of my error. I hope you'll still refer us, it was a good comment. K Lins, that's funny. Uzibull is a play on 'usable' to imply functional. Peter, the update videos offer the best visual i think. Kevin, On the large tripod there is a small 1/4" screw under the large 3/8" screw. Thanks Ron for the prompt good news. Indeed it does fit...as I was about to type this Fedex arrived with the new iPad and I confirmed it. I personally can't tell any difference between the iPad 2 and new iPad in terms of dimensions. Thanks Hannah and Martin, very kind. Tracy, Irene and Christa I will email you each directly. One more thing...a number of white covers shipped to many who requested, but I ran out. Sorry if you didn't get one. Btw, still working through the international orders...very time consuming. Thanks Brian, Keith and Ron for the positive feedback. A couple points about the mono and tripod. Again the monopod is just a prop. It was relatively inexpensive to OEM in high volume and it serves it's purpose. The tripod has a tag that as Ron says "Remove large screw thread to reveal smaller screw". If it seems too short, it is NOT. Simply push it up from the underside as it may have sunken into it's hole, then screw in the pivot piece. John, I sent you a reply with you tracking #. Ralph your Fedex tracking number is 61292701097620000490. William, by "small wall clamp" you may be referring to the small suction monopod. This monopod is basically a 'starter' piece and only meant to prop up the iPad as shown in the photos. If you need a real suction mount, then I will post a link to the $25 Fat Gecko mount at Amazon from the iPadFlex.com blog. It's a solid unit with an extremely strong suction grip. We have shipped about 200 so far, about half had tracking. The 'send email' checkbox in the Fedex web ship manager do not default to "Send" for the first couple batches. Most of the $60 and $45 level shipped, but internationals are more manual and taking longer. The rest will ship by Tuesday. Mitch, the silicone skin will fit the new iPad, but we don't think the plastic frame will. We will know for sure on March 16. If is doesn't fit then we will make an updated version for the new iPad which we can send to backers for just the cost of shipping. Putting together and shipping these kits is very labor intensive. Most are going Fedex SmartPost and Fedex doesn't have a bulk ship tool (unless you send them your database and they ship you back labels 3 days later). We are getting through about 50 shipments a day. The good new is that the silicon skin should fit the iPad 3 without issues. Barry, the smaller monopod is only meant to prop the iPad. Even a large monopod would not support the weight of the iPad with the case and frame on. The large tripod should do the trick everywhere else. I will post on the iPadFlex.com blog a link to a third party suction mount that will hold several pounds. Everyone, we got most of the product in. We're packing it this weekend and will begin shipping on Monday. I will create an update this weekend to show how it looks. Thank you Charles. The substitution will be no problem. Cheri and Ignacio. thanks for backing the project. Yes, you can substitute a white silicone skin for the black. However, the polycarbonate frame and pivot will only be produced in black initially. Nor, I would really appreciate if you could add $20 for the $100 level international shipping. It will actually cost more than that even for USPS, but I will absorb the difference. I had intended to add this, however once the pledge levels are live and backed they are closed to edits. Thanks. We don't make a handle, but the shoulder strap can be doubled over and wrapped with the velcro from the hand strap if you wanted to be creative. Irene, the white is actually more of a milky translucent and looks really good on the iPad 2 with the white bezel. I could substitute it in place of the black, however the frame, pivot and straps will be made only in black initially. Please send me a reminder note after we fund. Thanks. Thanks for leading the cheer Barry. The last 48 hours has had good momentum. A little visibility in a couple of blogs went a long way...thank you AppAdvice.com. Now, if we could just get Wired, Gizmodo, or Engadget to write a small blurb. It seems to me that most press sites want a sample to review, so it is the chicken and the egg conundrum. Peter, That's a difficult question, who knows what Apple will do, but if necessary then we will make another frame to fit the iPad 3. If they do not change the dimensions or configuration of buttons, camera and ports, then the silicone skin should still fit. Thanks Barry, good input. I just got back from the MacWorld Expo where I spoke with several people about our kit. I think that might start to make an impact. Also I will be sending the word out to editors and updating content all this week.