Hello All! We have requested for steam keys last Thursday and now we are still waitting for replies and trying to figure out a better way to send them to you. It is probably going to be a manual task - send to each backer by email. Thank you Michael! The style has gone back to the original top down idea and no longer fps style. Hopefully we will release a test next month. Wanna know what people think of it. Michael - Hey, it is still making some progress but I can issue a refund, can you provide your paypal account info to my email address? <email>. Kane, not at the moment. I will include it for the next build. Sylvain - Yes, I believe in the power of the community and I personally think opensourcing is a good idea. Thomas, hey try building a metal furnace. Manuel - I don't know, honestly I feel like there are some fundamental errors in gameplay so if we are going to make it right, we will have to go back to the very original state which requires much more money. Mark - you seems enjoying it, that is good:D Michael-Yes we did cost estimates and our estimate is around 150 USD for the miniature of that scale. Yes, it is uploading. Thanks! We will do that this weekend. Finally, solved the pathfinding issue. Thanks! We will release a video instruction of the gameplay by the end of this week and hopefully an updated beta as well. We released a beta 20 days ago and it did not turn out very well, so we are fixing...It is a difficult time in development. Apologize if you see Chinese in this build, occasionally...We had to translate it into Chinese for some of our testers in China, since 95% of the development took place in China. We will make sure it is translated into proper english in the final build. Btw, all the future beta updates(if any), will be uploaded to the same address which is the link I sent you through private message. And if there is any updates, we will notify in advance. We have uploaded it to mediafire. It should work, at least on my machine here. The link remains the same. And we have fixed a few problems with this version. Please don't pay for the premium account for this, it really isn't worth it. :D Ok so we have uploaded, but it turns out the link does not work for everyone because of the download limit. This build is larger than the last one (1.2 GB) that is what caused the problem. We will upload it to another storage and will update the link. The webpage for download reminds the same. Compiling and uploading. It will take a whole night. We will send a notification when it is done. We will upload tomorrow. Doing some final debugging before build. I don't want serious bug such as "people go to bed and never wake up" happen like last time. Trock Brass - We are 95% on track now. Spending most of time debugging, we should spend more time on the community after release, definitely... PegasusOrgans - I just sent you an email, let me know if you had it. Beta 3 soon. In a few days. Joshua Johnson - In late February. We will send out the surveys for custom characters, towns earlier than that. Amenomade - Let me look into this~ Hi, We will release another Beta and the end of this month. And release the final game in March! As for Linux, the progress was delayed because of a unsolved database issue, which we just solved a couple of days ago. Mac has that issue too but we solved it as well. Trock - Beta soon, in two more weeks.. Light487 - Yes, late january is the estimated date for the first release. Kinn - In october, beta. Trock - Thanks! Erik - There are army trucks, and armoured vehicles. They consume a lot of fuel and fuel is one of the most precious resources in the game. A video updates comming this weekend folks. Trock - Maia was on kickstarter when we were there. Very successful project IMO. A lot of similarities yes. Brad - it is going to that direction I am sure.:D For paypal backers: We have manually(clumsy way) sent group email to Paypal backers who donated 25$ + . If for any reason you have not received the link yet, please contact us through: <email> Having technical problem with the Linux version. Try to fix it asap. The next beta should be in October. Hey guys, The "private" issue is fixed. Try it. If not, let me know. Also, the linux version will be uploaded tomorrow. Paypal backers will also need to wait until tomorrow because of a technical issue we have with Paypal account. Trock - Thanks for the comments. And to answer you last question: No we never have it developed before. The version you saw in that video was our prototype, which is designed for demostration purpose only (Or for recording purpose). Yes the game needs a lot of work. We are on it. Erik - Less than a week. Guys, sorry for the delaying again. Due to the top-down issue we did take some more time to fix the system and through internal testing we found that top-down view is indeed better than third person when managing base and commanding teammate during combat. We will need to change the system a bit (reducing tree indensity, flattening some parts of the terrain, etc) to make top down view look better. We are happy about this decision and again thank you for letting us know about the concerns. Honestly, we are not quite happy with what the beta is looking now. We might have spent too much time making resources(a lot of models, textures, buildings, villages...) that are not necessarily important for current stage (Although these resources are foundations to the later development). So we decided to release more than one beta tests and each one should be better than the former one. We feel that it is an excellent way to communicate with backers. Guys, sorry for the delaying again. Due to the top-down issue we did take some more time to fix the system and through internal testing we found that top-down view is indeed better than third person when managing base and commanding teammate during combat. We will need to change the system a bit (reducing tree indensity, flattening some parts of the terrain, etc) to make top down view look better. We are happy about this decision and again thank you for letting us know about the concerns. Honestly, we are not quite happy with what the beta is looking now. We might have spent too much time making resources(a lot of models, textures, buildings, villages...) that are not necessarily important for current stage (Although these resources are foundations to the later development). So we decided to release more than one beta tests and each one should be better than the former one. We feel that it is an excellent way to communicate with backers. It was delayed from mid July to mid August. We are going to release it in two days. We will write an instruction to the testers to guide them through the test. Note that this early beta is not fully open to the public - only to 25 + backers. Hey guys, we are finishing it up. We are going to post an update tomorrow :D Guys, we understand the concerns, but don't freak out too much for the moment. The beta is coming this month and you will be the judge then. Remember that the Forsaken Fortress system is designed to adapt changes, so it is not late to modify it even if the system seems "Done". We will post an update before we launch the beta to clarify the changes. We appologize not being able to communicate to the backers well enough in our previous updates. We are spending all of our energy on the beta development now and hoping to get more insights on how to improve through the beta test. The system is developed to support very basic level of modding. But if modding is interested by most backers, we will think about making it an official feature. PP Marius - I replied to your email three days ago. I am forwarding it to you. Marius - First of all, we don't have the "invisible" investors backing us. All we have is 3500+ backers and 5 developers who work 11 hours a day and 7 days a week. Second, all of the changes were made gradually during the development because we thought we could do better than what we have presented in the beginning. Honestly, I don't believe we have any reason to lie to anyone. We know the importance of our backers and all we are trying to do is to make the game the best we can while satisfying backers. I truly understand your concerns and hope you still have faith in us. Haoran Trock: That is right. We will need more time to polish the beta. Mid august is the estimated time. We will post update before we release. An update is coming this week! Dieithrio - We will do so when we launched the beta I think. An update is coming this week. Amenomade - we are planning to update this Friday. Bland: The game is optimized for middle level PCs. And of cource if you have a super powerful PC you should be able to enjoy the game with its best graphics. Yes, you can get to the island and the snow mountain top. But you need to find a way to get that high. Some guy - That is planned, but we need to test it. Shane - Yes, Scenario modes are unlocked. Luck - Have fun. Yes, both facebook and youtube are blocked by the government. Yep! We will have alot to update when we start production. VkBest - I think it will run fine. I can't tell you exactly since I have never tested it on that computer. We will try to optimize the performance as much as possible. Amenomade - The reason for moving is mainly because Chinese labor rate is and living expense way cheaper than US. Shane - The team is relocating to China. And the devs are in pre-production. We are very busy with setting up a proper environment for development. We are planning to start full development in February. We will have a formal update on our plan soon. Have a nice squirrel year! The beta will be around July 2013, so it is in the summer. for now. Yes, you need to sign in to see all of them. I can still access it. Maybe just the background is gone because the artist is working on a new one to solve the invisible font problem. Happy New Year! If you go out and kill anything in your sight, you are pretty much acting like bandits. For now, bandits will just kill you. Alliance with bandits maybe a goal for the later. Sean - You and your party may not get instantly killed if you made a huge mistake. There are ways to recover, with very high price. For instance if the bandits breached your base defense, they will take whatever they can take in your base. It is not a gameover, but it will be a huge chanllenge for you to recover. Gazz - You can only recuit human NPCs for now. You can have pet, but they don't function exactly like human NPCs. DK - the ability to create self-sustaining base has to be limited, for the sake of the game balance. Scavenging for food is a key game mechanics. Food production within the base can only be an extra. If you are afraid of starving , then you need to stock more food just in case of any unfortunate events. Thanks guys and don't hesitate to ask any questions. If the payment was denied, you will have 7 days to fix the problem. You can also use paypal instead. Merry Christmas Joshua - Kickstarter will allow 7 days for you to fix the issue and if you can't fix it. Your pledge will be cancelled. But we will provide alternative Paypal account for you to donate. Roland - Yes, there will be deeper interactions such as romance. The team will work on the details and update you on this. Niko - you can still donate using paypal on our website, you need to send us a message here to let us know what add-ons you want to get. thanks, you too! deal ahhh...alright! You win:) velkaarn, no quitting, no game for you ha all your fault They are your pets dawn! The next round...beginnings... Thanks everyone! That was an amazing journey! BANG! We are out of here! Merry Christmas everyone! This is what we can do 125,000: A secret level full of monsters and loot! that is it people! CC - ehh, death star? We will leave it to the Star Wars dlc. what the...... All right - for 125k we will add a secret level, maybe with the terrifying squirrels. No? alright! we are trying to think! ehhhhh,,,,,sorry Velkaarn. Good luck with quitting! Yes, last days surge was incredible. Please don't stop at 119,999 Peter - sounds like a plan! @Chinchillasaurus : We will provide a direct link and a download key. Alright some one throw in 700 to help Velkaaran quit? 526k!! they can make 5 FF! Velkaarn - Yes, these ideas are very reasonable and we deeply appreciate our backers' willingness to share. We need to keep our original idea solid and make sure we can deliver on time. Cian - I hope I was wrong. It is a bit of challenge to reach the final goal I guess. Not a lot of visitors now. Light - Beta will be around 7/2012 Red - I guess we lost 500 to the Christmas. Thanks Thanks! roughly, and it depends. Thechosenone - around 70 pages. Roland - The original vision is through training. So the second one. The more you train in specific area the more points you will get. Robin - 1. Answer the third one first. I am not annoyed but you made me think a ahead of time. Because these are very detailed questions that most of them we haven't decided yet. At this stage we only have our main vision solidified and we were to discuss it in the development stage, but it doesn't hurt to start thinking now.:D And my apology if I sound unsure at this point. 2. Leather can be used to make armor, but vehicle, I have to say no. 3. At the moment, we will keep the research simple. Because we can't determine how big of impact will it have on game balance. We will go with the linear style for now and as it progresses, we will make adjustment accordingly William - I still have 6 hours to live, didn't want to die without achieving all the stretch goals. thanks Sovnd - not crucial, but always good to have. Robert - make sure they are good! :D Luis - will keep this in mind. Velkaarn - when was the last time you checked?:) Thanks! Jarl - 1. It is definitely awesome to have this feature. But I can't promise here because it is not included in our initial plan, which means we may not have time to incorporate this. If not, we will make it into an update or DLC. 2. It is the similar situation. Our original plan was to focus on only one base. 3. This is definitely included, different creatures prefer different locations. It doesn't necessarily mean that you will 100% find certain creature in a specific area, but the chance is higher. A lot of them please :) Robert - yes. you can. Peter - it is your turn! Robin - (1)The total amount depends on your party member's ability, not the vehicle. We assume that as long as your party member can carry them, so can the vehicle. (2) We haven't planed for intense vehicle customization yet, because it is not a huge focus of this game. We will consider it after the core mechanics are done:) (3)Special tools for harvesting different resources can be applied but we also want to reduce the complexity of it. You need axe for wood but you don't need a basket for harvesting fruit...We haven't make our final decision yet. Rockmonster - Thanks, the last 12 hours! and we go have a drink! Red- yes, the 120 k will be the scenario modes such as defense the horde Peter, yes, we provide one copy for each OS one for each Peter - yes @AuronStarglider778:Yes, Auron, The game may delay due to we are adding more for the stretch goals, and ten months really is a very tight schedule of developing such a complex game, even for the original goal, but we will always, always do our best. However if there will be a delay, We will be announced to the public in advance. @Vice Admiral Balerit @ThomasN Yes, multiplayer or coop mode, or even online game, is always the real idea behind the game, but we couldn't afford it for now. We would rather offer a better quality of the game in current scale. Robin - it is never a joke. 1. for scavenging we prefer both, if you see something lying on the ground, you can just pick it up. If it is in a container you open it and get what you want. If it is a dead tree, it takes time to chop down and get the wood. 2. We want to reduce this part for simplicity. Break everything down to get resources maybe too complex. So if you want wood, go chop down a dead tree, if you want fuel, go find barrels. Chris - true, need a shout out. <url>"survival mode" is do-able. Come here and laugh! Linlin is with us and he is drawing squirrel. I can hear a lot of them! Wasteland Mongolian? lol. It can be a cool idea as a separate game mode. But 120k is not going to get there. Trock - hummm. Then why do you need your base? Trock Brass - sounds like borderlands2. Dawn-That is great! Maybe translate our website into French? Andreas - I started with Unity 2.5. The animation system was pretty dumb and can't do realistic animation transitions. Mecanim is amazing technology. I can see it did a pretty good job in weight balancing. We will take a deeper look into it. Rightwood - Yes, backers get lifetime free DLC for FF Andreas - we are still stuck with our own outdated animation system :( We will try Mecanim. Chris, we build our models in Maya and export FBX or Obj. We also use 3ds Max. Some basic info here, and we will provide detailed guide lines on forum: Engine : Unity 3d assets : Maya, 3ds And we have got fans who are willing to do that. Tom - It makes sense. Well, we can't promise any localization at this point because there are too much to be done in one year. But after the major things are set, we will gladly work on localization. Light - ehhh, sorry. not possible at this level. we'd love to do that if we had the money. :) I believe this is meaningful because a lot of kickstarter backers are looking for some deeper involvement in the development. We want to provide such opportunity. Tom - Thanks! This is fantastic. We will send out email to inform every backer and see if they want to contribute on certain things such as modeling, writing... Tom and Red - Good ideas. I saw Wasteland 2 did the same thing(letting Fans do the building models and submit through their portal). I can't see why we can't. However, allowing for free modding(map editors, item creators) is hard at this budget level. No Mark is not active on this project. We now use him as a technical consultant. Vice - Linlin, Serena and I speak Chinese and Naghmeh speaks Persian. This budget level doesn't allow for translating in French unfortunately. fayce - Salut! Merci pour la participation a la collecte de fond. Je suis alle une fois en France et j'ai vraiment adore...how about that? Tom - Thanks, I see. We allow our backers to contribute to this project from various angles. Game mechanics, settings....And backers started writing their own stories on our forum. We definitely want to see more interactions going on. Tom - yes English is not our first language and we had hard time trying to interact with English speaking backers properly:) We will hire professional writers to write any official game contents. So no worries about that. @DawnOfNights Thanks for supporting Forsaken Fortress. 1, Estimated release time for Beta will be around July to August, 2013 2, Forsaken Fortress does not allow full customization for characters at this point. It will require a lot of extra models, textures, and coding to achieve. However, we will provide few pre-made character models for you to start with, and some textures like face texture, skin tone, and clothes that you can mix and match. 3, You can only build on a single level. Multi-floor requires more advanced pathfinding AI and it adds complexity to player control. We can’t incorporate this in this version 4, You cannot build your base wherever you want, but we may provide several locations for you to choose, this maybe a stretch goal. 5, Sorry, there will be no "seasons" in Forsaken world. However, the time of the day, and the weather may change during the gameplay. No snows and no falling leaves. 6, You cannot enter all the buildings, but we will have some key places for you to explore during the game (supermarket for scavenging). 7, Yes, you can choose different the textures for the roof, and also many other infrastructures. John - yes we will have that too, they don't get as many goodies as kickstarter backers do. ukshadow - yes. you are completely right. 100k and less than a year is quite a challenge, especially for innovative game like this. Dawn: Linlin and I are horrible in front of the camera O_O It took us nearly 4 hours just for recording. I am glad that you found it funny though. lol Igor - designing one! Thanks! YAY! 105 squirrels! Robin - I often see "Flattened" squirrels on the high way. :D ThomasN - yes we can't afford to mess it up. Robin - eeeeeeeeh.. dude! squirrels will always be there, grateful and forsaken, don't worry We were intended to keep the squirrel in the game because it is an awesome original idea, so yeah, you will see that. And we are working on other stretch goals. Rob- the squirrel one was a joke:) I mean, come on it is an animal it doesn't take 5000 to make. Lets aim for 110 free game play because it requires additional amount of work. Thanks everyone! love you all! It happening too much faster than we can update... HolYyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy sss! sorry.....can any one tell me what happended when we were gone? Thanks everyone for pushing so hard! Hope we will be over the goal when we got back in 7 hours! uk - agreed! John - yes there will be deeper meaning to this game. I am not at all worried about that because we are surrounded by excellent writers. Ok I will stop, for 2 minutes You know what is dumb? In our rewards you get credits such as "silver backer" It would be cool to have "silver squirrel" instead! Micheal - unfortunately there isn't one at the moment. Chris- we give you the full right to develop squirrel DLCs. You said you do 3D right? Question - whom the reminder e-mail will be sent to? DK - $270 is probably reasonable to cover the expenses. ukshadow - indeed. One philosophy we are trying to follow on this game is - we don't force the game to do anything, we put in initial constant and let the game evolve based on the dynamic engine, so everything happens more naturally and unpredictably. I know it is hard, but it is truly what we want to achieve. Oh yeah- did you see the stretch goal no.1? 105 k is the squirrel and I set it at this low because we WANT IT!!!!! cian - This is squirrel's idea.... Psy - Romances, jealousy, hate, yea there are a lot. It has endings. The more squirrels the BETTER! Cian - I didn't even got a chance to look at forum. We will deal with it after the dooms day. Nice! Well, bro. You will drink to celebrate for surviving 2012 in two days! ha. I am just glad you didn't jump directly to the third one Cian. eeeehhhhhhhhh....... Chris - love you:D Erik - Our gamers are GOD! Yes, you can create you own Avatar at the beginning of the game. And you may find other characters through out the wasteland. Absolutely guys. It will be ridiculous if we can't make 8k in 52 hours.. I love it - there will be two updates tonight:D Jenna - Thanks! Both your wallet and I feel happy lol. And probably kidnap Linlin before you go. :D Yes dawn, we will make you a very self-conceited person and got kicked out from the base so you can only live with squirrels....what a sad story. Peter - Dawn is going to be an evil character, so be careful!!!! Igor -answered it. Red - Even thought you are calling yourself atomic squirrel, you are no compare to the real ones, I am sorry dude, that is the truth :D Alright, next goal - The squirrels ! What?! Amazing when we got back from shooting it is trending %100! Maybe by the end of tomorrow, we will reach the goal. Guys, expect a team video tonight. Peter - it will happen soon! ekster - Map editor is a bit hard to do and it is not a feature in the engine we use. There will be different regions, cities, towns, landscapes. But it is all on one seamless map. Cas - ehhhh.....yes you'd better do that. Chris - We will focus on mechanics first because map is assets you can always add more to it later. If we had enough time and money we will consider make an map editor for players to build their own map. so how about 499999.99? give you the best deal? Just joking haha. now get back to work:) with 500000 you buy our company lol, yeah. Cian - you are completely right about that. Land generation is hard, you need to consider all different kind of terrians(mountains, river.....) and assets such as cities, trees..... It will take months and will still look unrealistic. Casper - another 500000 bucks?! thanks! oh sorry :D Cian - sounds good, we will try it after the campaign. We can all chat in the same room right? Chris - don't under estimate AS(atomic squirrels) lol Thanks Chris 1. Endless play mode is currently put down as a stretch goal for now. 110k 2. Yes release on steam, planned 3. We have only watch tower right now. There can be more variations. 4. Maps are not going to be random at this stage, random map requires procedural coding which adds another layer of complexity to everything. We will keep it simple for this time. 5. Well, I can't tell you exactly what the tech tree is going to look like because it is a new component of the game and we will work on that after this. But one thing is that we will try our best to maximum freedom. Atomic - who are you? get out of here! haha So close the the next milestone! FF survival guide #1: Understand the squirrels.... Akana - Atomic Squirrel Race are just squirrels, with a epic name....ha Gandalf and Peter - would love to talk a little about that in the next update! We can make non-video updates though. gandalf and Peter, Exploration seems like a very good idea! But it may require adding more code or other elements, we cannot guarantee we could finish it in such a tight schedule, but we will try our best! Thanks all the backers and fans for all your contributions! gandalf - you bet... Yep, we are going to hit the target! I have no idea how a project could fail by $28. It is not going to happen to FF. Cian - Just read this, admittedly, the team didn't do a good job in marketing(Start with 0 exposure). I think in our case, our backers did an amazing marketing and that is why we can get this far:) And the Squirrel idea is a huge reinforcement to the culture haha. Thomas and I love it - just Looooooove your profile... Hey, if you want to see squirrel in the game, we'd better hit 105k haha Entering the 71 hour countdown guys! Micheal - who is robin? Red - ohhhh, then good luck bro! Red- I don't think lotto will even get you a squirrel man... John - Fallout will ruining your life, at least it ruined my 22nd. haha Hey guys, just added some upper level digital add-ons, thought you might be interested. <url>"primitive". man hunt, fight. woman cook and craft and they probably want to produce a lot of children just to continue the humanity. and get free squirrels. man, don't forget about this. Well, I have no idea why earth would die in 3 days with no obvious sign, I mean we have been evolving for ........years. So, just enjoy normal life guys. nowadays traditional gender rules are fading, but I assume in a post apocalyptic it should really apply. Squirrel chaser? HHAHA traditional gender rolls.... There can be, but I don't think it is very necessary. Because you get to tweak your skills, attributes anyway. But sex in NPC has a lot of difference. Male tend to have more physical advantages more than female, and female has more supporting related skills(craft, cook, heal.....) Cian - you can check out this update if you havent :) <url>#comments It is more fallout style. Yes, when we pass the goal we will all go get drunk and have a huge celebrate! Thanks guys! We are working on a new update. We deleted some upper lever tiers and broke it down into cheaper add-ons, think some of you may be interested. Sean - yes, why?! ThomasN: Ha! And isn't my voice angelic or what? kidding. Brian Fargo and J.E.Sawyer knows us and tweeted us. The awareness will be built gradually. Seriously , we are very happy we got to what we are at now because we have absolutely ZERO exposure before kickstarter. ahhh...it is kinda inside joke here. :) I will give you a roasted squirrel as a reward. Dawn is our marketer btw Yes just saw that. Would be cool if he can do something here Any sauce? red - oh yes, we are their slaves and we need to please them all the time. Yeah and don't worry if the real apocalypse will happen, you are all welcomed to take shelter in our underground studio bunker Will apocalypse become true? Or will it just be the game, let's see what will happen on 21st Yes because you are in one of the coldest place in the world. You will be the guys who can survive the doomsday that is coming. Cian - Agree with you here, the money you put down here has another level of meaning than buying the game - you helped the project come true. Igor - yeah, good news for a raining day here. Red - wait, are you the salesman guy who knocked on my door this morning?lol Grufflehound - Squirrels will become a symbol, for sure... Cian - Open sand box is not hard to be achieved so it doesn't quite deserve 230k. But the co-op and modding is hard because it requires a completely different coding structure. But it will bring the game so much more flexibility so maybe it will deserve it. No promises but we will discuss it and update you guys on this ASAP. Yes CC , lol Yea I lost mine in an accident haha Cian - yemmy Red - easy man, squirrels only have two hands.haha Cian - We got squirrels, so don't worry! no.....!! I didn't get to be the spammer who passes us the 1015 comments! 80KKKKKKKK! btw dawn, if you are going to be a character in the game, Linlin will make your model so...be nice to him haha you mean Since linlin was born? :D interesting - will give it a shot. Cian - I am no expert. How is IRC compare to google hangout or similar applications? Thanks! Josh Thanks Red Cian - no, is it good? We use webEx for in-team meetings Yes, we need more help. Red- TB said he wants a break because he has been covering a lot recently Velkkarn, welcome on board! :D Good idea Stratus! Yes, and you have a large team. 1 item is not going to be determenent Yeah, but seriously. one item that can't be broken is not going to affect game balance a lot. Do you want it to be this way? Josh - we will ask some other projects to mention us when we are close. There is another update coming tonight We will need more exposure, the Reddit thing yesterday was really good. So I guess the similar social networks will have the same effect. Guys, if you haven't please go to our Facebook and join us. We need to get to know you! It is good to know that people are monitoring this! Dawn - Maybe but that has to come after the squirrel We are working on several updates at the same time, but there is one coming tonight : ) Peter - Thanks! Learning AI is very difficult costly to implement into a video game. But we can always use alternative ways or cheap ways to make it decent enough. Yeah no. I am no genius, I am normal people who grew up with squirrels....Seriously I need to stop mentioning squirrels. Yes it is hard to develop project alone. Fortunately we have all the art section covered by Linlin and his team so I can focus on coding. And we are recently joined by another programmer who is much better than me:) There are more and more people(musician, artists and developers) willing to work with us so it is getting much better than before.:D dx1- Yes my father used to do research on learning AI, based on neuronal network. He didn't teach me anything about this but I got influence from him. So cute, it is female right? look at her panic! lol Brandon - Thanks and welcome Malisane - squirrels will never be forgotten as along as Dawn is still here:D Eating is the essence of this game oh yeah Dawn icecream? Rob- yeah the more you eat the better the chance you will get eaten. Rob - lol, you still find us. Chris - there is no difference, the exactly the same thing. We made an mistake in description in the original $15 tier so we have to make it sold out and start a new one. Rob - you confused my tiny little brain.. who is SHE? David - yes shipping fee for 75 is waived because it is smaller package. Dawn - linlin will become your exclusive forsaken squirrel, thats right. Stratus and Dawn - the echo totally ruined my angelic voice:D just kidding. Rob - Apparentely Dawn did a lot of reach out to their community. And Brian Fargo knows, he tweeted about us. Thanks Christian, Dante and akana. Wecome on board! Dawn - haha first time on"TV", looked hilarious. Linlin looks like a big panic squirrel. I can hear myself talking during the interview which was really annoying. : / But ya, it took some balls to do that:D Let's try it! That sounds great Steve! Thanks! We look pretty hilarious though I think :D sorry guys if the interview disappointed you :( oh man......my accent! Gurney - haha! Go sleep please, we have a battle tomorrow Dawn! And just so you know, linlin is a shy girl's name. I will just mail linlin to your home. Dawn you can be a main character you know and you are awesome except for the fact that you will faint if you see a squirrel. Dawn - shhhhhhh! Dawn - I had a feeling you were female because of the cute little squirrel. :) Wasn't sure though. Female fallout player and FF player rocks! Malisane - the private discussion community is going to require password and we will provide that after the campaign Can I get you phone number :D just kidding! wwwwt. shocked...Because we believe this is a man's culture but welcome sister! oh that explained why you like Linlin. Eric - Yes, if you pledge 30 you will get 2 copies of the game, we will know it. After the campaign. That makes sense and It is very interesting. We will have open discussion on this on the forum Igor - why not? We can discuss that. Maybe you clean up a slave camp and free all the slaves they will join you. What Dawn is a she?? Yes you are an Add-on. You can all get Dawn for 2$ haha Oh good, everything is about squirrel now. Thanks dawn you have just brought this game to a new level:D Maybe the forsaken squirrel will become a symbol for this game, just like the little dude in Fallout. Welcome on board! Thomas Oh btw Dawn. We will change your reward tier to the Squirrel level, You pay 1000 and you will get a pine cone! HAAHAHA! Yes this squirrel will be grateful forever in the wasteland. Dawn - So were you planning on making fun of our squirrel during the interview? haha. If you want to make RPG, work with us and we will pay you with pine cones:D I think he is still rolling on the floor . Just leave him. haha, and your character will be in that group right? My new god yeah right...:D He is the savior of the world. I saw the trailer a couple of days ago. Man...FX is getting wild. I love it - I am not sure. Malisane - We expect the beta will be around 7/2013 dx1 - Thanks for offering the Christmas money :) I guess it could be a little hard for people to get what the game is about because it is kind of a new attempt. Yea! yesterday was almost nothing and today....Kickstarter is strange... How was it? We didn't even have time to watch it. Red- Please don't steal my line :) Malisane - haha, I just hope someday AI will actually be that clever. it is a beautiful day! Why not have some fun! oops just exposed myself O_o And my AI is extremely high..... Red - Yes I am an automatic answering machine! Red- Yes we will BTW, you guys are doing a great job in marketing! keep it up!:D Igor - Absolutely, we are working on an update about customization (includes character customization and weapon customization). Expect this update to come tomorrow or Tuesday. Red - Linlin is making the Special edition photo frame physical sample and he will probably make the captain diary too. So maybe the next update or so we will have the real stuff to show! It will be such a shame that FF doesn't reach its goal. I don't think we will be amoung the 2% unlucky project. But yes we definitely need more push! 5 Days people! Let's make it! Huw - Yes it is tough to include free modding in the first release. Because it requires completely different coding structure. But it would be very interesting to have this feature built in in the future, such as map editor, item editor and character editor. Thanks Steve that is fantastic article! Igor -I agree with Grufflehound that it is too late to change the name. And we are fine using the name. Thanks Dawn and Josh . you are fantastic! :D And Dawn I had a forsakensquirrel nightmare last night! All blame to you! haha Chris- And yes if you customize them, the in-game graphic will change accordingly. You can also customize some items such as weapons and vehicles. Chris - There is a main character you control all the time. At the begining you need to decide his/her look, personality, traits and skills. You can modify his/her body armor, pants, shoes, helmet, weapons... You can also customize other party members' equipment but you can not directly control them and you can not directly change their personalities, traits...They are controlled by Artificial Intellengence. You can influence their status by interacting with them. I will jump if we reach 70k. Good night. I would be the biggest liar if I say no. Eric - Cute dog you have! Red- How about 100k? no? alright! If the world does end on the 21st, I will use the fund to buy squirrels for every backer!.... <url>囧， easy... buddy. It is ok, it is not going to fail because of people saying. :) Norsa - oh yes, we will and we will keep in touch with all of you :) Jon - Thanks! That will help! Yea, I believe they are nice guys. shouldn't worry too much. Josh - working hard on that, we also contacted some other youtube channels, one of the smaller one replied and also required demo. I am pretty much still in a dream right now...I mean the last time the 5000 pledge happened, I was sleeping, but this one happened right in front of me.! Psy - you are right. We will contact them. Psy - don't worry bro, we are all excited I know. I mean how? ok someone pledged 5,000 WTH.... Maybe we will try to approach Brain Fargo and Brain Mitsoda :D...Maybe they will like the idea and I really don't think we can be a threat to them, I mean we are small....and if not, hell at least them know about us :)) Huw and Igor, yes I believe there are many people watching and trying to get more info before backing. And we will keep up with more updates. Psyckosama - We have thought about it actually. But, we are kinda competitor of dead state or wasteland 2 so I thought maybe it is unethical. I hope I am wrong. Grufflegound - I have the similar estimate. If some major youtube channels will cover us, that will be a huge plus. Thanks Chris gandalf, just set up an account, didn't know how to start IAmA though. Oo I mean the cash <url>#chart-daily Although the case is not growing significantly but the number of pledge is growing, which is a good sign. Not bad guys! Igor - the map traveling is like fallout. Open world, no transition between smaller maps and yes you couldn't expect what would happen on your expedition. so you probably need some kind of transportation if you are going far. And if you are going far away from home, you probably want to take more food and ammunition. Rob - welcome aboard dude! Josh - Great! I guess not a lot Kickstarter projects provide handmade photo frames. Marius - If I myself is someone as famous as TotalBiscuit then problem solved :) Norsa - Totally agree! In the Sims you need to treat all kinds of need equally which is not quite true according to Maslow's theory. In FF however, you probably focus on the physiological needs for the most time(finding water, food...) If you can't do that, you don't even need to worry about higher needs such as entertainment, social... Hey guys, we made contact with Total Biscuit and he is requiring some sort of playable demo. Working on that now! It is going to take some time but I believe most YouTube channels will require that. Penguin - The final price is still to be debated. But it will be nearly twice the kickstarter price. Luis - You are right though, it will be too much and probably boring if it goes in micro management. And it is almost impossible to handle especially with other systems such as exploring. We will avoid that. Luis - FF is not yet in the micro management level. In the Sims, you need to control every characters(you need to tell them what they should do, when to sleep, what to eat....) In FF, you don't need to worry about their daily life, the AI will take care of it. But you need to assign critical jobs to them such as making weapons, producing food, researching and you need to make sure your base has sufficient facilities and supplies to maintain basic operation. Igor - I agree that Guide is better. Because stealth skill is not terribly useful in this game. You can survive all by yourself Igor - It sounds like a good way to collect info! I just added you on Steam Grufflehound - you are right, if a kid ever survived in the field along he should be the "chosen one"...He should be able to use firearms. A catapult is just too inefficient against anything IMO. Marius - Yes I believe so. :) Norsa - we have the very similar pace to Sui Generis. We can make it if we start to push hard. motif Dawn - Good idea, so the kid can be a "guide " or a motive of the story? Thanks Alex! Looking good. Grufflehound - You mean you want to be a zombie? O_o Guys, we can do it. But we need your help. You can help us by twitting us, sharing our videos, posting on forums, etc ,etc. I am sure many of you are doing it. We are not marketing expert so we believe you have a better idea of how it works:) The team is trying to reach out to various YouTube channels and gamer sites for spotlight. If we could hit a big one, we will be golden... Thanks! It is the last two weeks and the team is turning into full time marketer... Dawn - You are right Limit Theory is drawing the most attention and that probably affected our progress. But I assume that LT and us have the different target audience. As long as we can reach out to our audience, we are on the right track. We need exposure. hmmm...I have a link to the Kckstarter page. I guess it is not obvious enough. Thanks gandalf! Ignor - oooo, 70k. Let's work on that! Marius- :) Linlin will be more than happy to play LOL with you after this campaign! Hey good people! Thanks for the hard work. The traffic is going up, solidly! Couldn't have done it without you. We are starting to make the last days' push. Yea! You will be a character in the game, promised. But "no one shoot you", we can't do anything about that,dude. :) The last email bounced. Don't know if I got the correct person... Just sent an email to TotalBiscuit. I hope we can get response from him. Thanks! I love FF... Don't know what to say...Thank you for your passion for this game! The next update will be squad combat video and hopefully some more vehicle video. And I love that badge... Hey guys! 40k achieved! New Update Posted! Definitely, an update is coming soon! Good work guys!!!!! Kenok - Starship troopers! One of my best films. There are also games right? Grufflehound - That sounds like the type of weapon rioter would use. But sure, I think it is better to fire an explosive projectile to be effective. ekster - Yes, there was a 5000 donator last night :) Dawn, Max and Norsa - Just backed war for the overworld. Sounds like a game I like to play. Maybe doing a cross promotion with them is a good idea. gandalf - We will make one. I noticed some friends here had their own which is cool. Igor - will do:D Opps, where is the "n"? I swear it was there... Thanks Norsa! I admit our marketing is poor :( will work harder on that. gandalf - nice! Guys, our greenlight profile <url>"get dirtier over time" effect. Dawn, Gurney and Huw - nice profile pictures! So much better than mine :( Grufflehound - don't worry dude, no pink laced curtain or anything like that :P ... RedRum- Maybe..Maybe it depends on the character. Some of them play drums, some of them play guitars. Harmonica! good idea! We were forced to learn it in elementary school.. Simple instrument such as guitar, bamboo flute and harmonica should really work in this setting. btw, I like people relaxing and playing guitar around camp fire because we always do that back then.:) Huw - I told our composer and he is very happy!: ) Thanks ekster! Marius - ohhh..Christmas, didn't count that in... Huw - recently we had a few "thousand backers" which pumped it up a bit. The total amount of backers is not growing significantly however. Dawn- wow Thanks man! After the major updates which we are still working on, we are going to focus on marketing exclusively! Yes building audience for this project is slow because we had no exposure before. Grufflehound - Thanks. We try our best! We will have another update soon. Dawn - Don't worry, the forum design is temporary. Kaeroku - Dawn answered your question for me:) Thanks Dawn. The Sims elements: you have to build your base and facilities. And you have to assign job to your people(make weapon, prepare food, repair....). Unlike the Sims, you don't need to control each single character, they will do what they are assigned to do(if they want to do...) Thanks nate, we still have a long way to go, but we are positive! Thomas - All the $15 pledges do the same thing. I made a mistake in discription. And I can not fix it because kickstarter doesn't allow me to do so. But yes, pledge $15 means a digital copy for Pc, Mac and Linux + exclusive game item + free update(DLC) :) Kaeroku - lol. looks like Darwin is the only guy in authority who can back this idea up. RavenBot and Marius - Thanks! btw, we all love your writing on the forum! I don't know about the other guys but it is the only entertainment for me for these days. lol Gurney - Yes, the stats is going up and thanks to all of you who is supporting us! Jonah - Thanks for the advise, we will try to post updates as much as we can. Daniel and Jason: Thanks. Feel free to leave comments:) Dawn: We are pulling details for the next update. Should be around tomorrow. Haoran Dawn-Thanks! I will work on that! Mikael - Yes you are right. I don't think we will until we have no trouble with reaching the goal. Steave - we are setting up one, will let you know ASAP Cameron - Thanks! : ) Bare Mattle - Thanks guys, the technology for Sui Generis is outstanding. Backed a while ago. Best luck with your development! Brandon - Yes, There are a lot of possibilities and feel free to leave any ideas on our forum <url>"not be able to control everything in RT", while still have some degree of tactic such as flanking the enemy. Much like the squad control in SWAT4. Jakob - The final story driven goal(or ending) is to get off the planet but that will happen in a long time based on how you play this game. Thanks Josh. We know the momentum is very important. We will post the link to the interview as soon as it is online.:D Robert: Our team culture and lessons learnt from other projects told us that PR is very important. Every single opinion people give is valuable but we will keep the original vision clear. Dawn- Yes you create your first character(appearance, personality, traits)But you are not a super hero which means you will die without others:P Team collaboration plays a huge part in this game. Alex- Thanks for the link! We are very aware of this issue. With all the good ideas combined we can make a completely new game out of it. :P But we will keep our core vision settled. Josh - We are suprised by all the ideas backers have. We never expected that. And you are right, it is important to keep the vision solid while considering all the feedback. We realized the danger of trying to implement too much in the game thus losing a focused gameplay. Our goal is to refine the game and avoid possible frictions, instead of adding everything in. If it makes sense. :) Ronald: You look like a tough guy who loves trains:) Transportation vehicles are already planned in the game. But train is way more complicated since it involves track building...good tought though. I enjoyed reading all the comments better than doing marketing:) WOW a lot of comments today! I just hope kickstarter doesn't shut down someday so I lose all the information...making a copy..:) Luke - Yes, infection and illness is a part of the game already. And they will influence a character's overall stats(Physically and mentally) and if they don't get cured by a medic or medicine, they will die or get insane... Really Interesting. It reminds me of the Strone Age online in which you can try to capture a beast. But if you failed you will get hurt.. But the question here is, how you may domesticate a creature? Do you sing, like what they did in Spore? Usually, post-apocalyptic beasts are extremly dangerous because they are the strongest to survive. They will probably smash you into pieces before you can even get close to them. So they are like pets. hum... We never thought about this. We will think about it. Yes, saving the earth is a possible ending, althought it sounds like another heroism movie. And rationally it is possible to use wild creatures as guard dogs(it is the law,the stronger will always dominate the weaker) But considering the amount of work, this is without our current scope. But we will keep that in mind. Hunting mechanic is planned though because it is the main food source the survivors can get. Love - According to the cause and effect procedure which the game is based on, both situations you mentioned could happen. You may find a person fighting alone with beasts for food and you saved him. They may wonder around for supplies and discovered your base. Maybe they want your base! Brian - The world will be dynamically influenced, meaning the animals , characters, factions, events will evolve dynamically based on cause and effect, which increases re-playability. The general terrian is not procedurally generated because it will be significantly more work in coding. However details will be proceduarlly placed such as the location of resources, beasts' nests, other parties base, etc... Hope it answered your question.yea! Gurney, Thanks! As you can see, this is not a zombie game. Although zombie could be a part of post-apocalyptic world. So we will have more variety in factions. Some of them may not necessarily be hostile, depending on their interest and the encounter. They may even work with you. As far as I'm concerned the most difficult thing is to make everything dynamic. Other parties or beasts are just like the player's party, they go after the prey, they need shelter, etc. And so their will be more unpredictable things in this world. We are working hard on marketing. It is not at all our expertise but we will try. @Nestor, the diversity in ethinic is intended. Now we have only caucasian models, and right, they are more Scandinavian and Slavic. We will do research in different ethinic groups later, regarding their traits, personality, look, culture, etc ,etc in order to have more plausible character design. Dawn, Thanks! yeah, we have a lot of Jagged Alliance and sims, but the two doesn't quite discribe the game very well. I think it is actually not necessary to have a description like so I will leave it blank. Yes we have a lot of Asian influence, the main contributers in the team are all Asian. And there is a huge aesthetic difference between Eastern and Western aesthetic value. We will consider everyone's opinion and make approperite adjustments! And don't worry about leaving criticises, we are here to learn!! Thanks! Thanks Jakob, yes if it is successful it will be released on Steam, Desura,etc or download from our website. And don't worry Luke, we are able to achieve much better visual quality that this. You know what? Let's all go shooting somewhere after this campaign. Maybe find the FPSRussian guy to do some tutorial thing. :P And btw thanks for the posting. Josh, we are very happy that the stats is going up. There are still many left to do tobuild momentum. We are confident. We have been discussing a lot within and out the team regarding the main driven mechanic. And now we decided to make it something on the middle ground, that you can beat the game by finishing construction of the ship. To do this you need to explore the map for components while maintain the base safety. And you have to deal with story driven events such as fix the engine, etc. This way, the game has more freedom, you can decide what to do next, to explore a distant area for a possible component or to build more relationship with the team in the base...it is kinda similar to jagged alliance in which your ultimate goal is to kill the queen but how you do that is your choice. Maybe there could be some other endings, what do you guys think? I think it could be better if we put them online somewhere for people to free play. We will work on that. Yes we had, although none of them officially got released. I can send you a demo if you like to see. Yes Alex, this is good news. This we have to thank all you guys for your huge contribution. We are still working hard on reaching out to people and get feedback, we feel like we need more people. Josiah, yes the recoil of weapon depends on the caliber, the person's ability to hold this weapon， stance and weapon upgrades. Some upgrades, such as a better shoulder stock will help reduce recoil. we are trying to achieve some degree of realism in ballistic too as large caliber may have higher initial speed. We don't expect to over do this though since it is not a FPS. Thanks Luke! Yes we will add more varieties of enemy and we'd love to have our backers to design some of that for us. We do have vehicles in our video, not a super fancy one, but something put together by survivors. And graphics are, yes, terrible. These are made for demonstration purpose and we will remake pretty much everything. : ) Thanks for your advice,Mikael. Mika, Dead state is a game we have been following intensively. As you can see we have a lot of similarities in terms of base management and resource collection. We looked at their comments and tried to find useful clues to shape our game. Josiah, thank you and we will do an unpdate on that when our members are back from the break. : ) Yes, we are working every minutes. Unfortunately we have only two person working on this now and we have tons of media work to do since we have nothing done before. Thank you for backing! Thank you for all the information! We will try to contact him! cyborg is a cool idea! And it is fun to give personality to a robot. Red, yes we heart that is super! We are working on that! Oli, Thank you for the question! One reason for us to be on Kickstarter is to get feedbacks and suggestions in order to improve this game. I know there are a lot of things to be improved and to be decided, such as whether to include basic survival mechanics such as finding food. I think It depends on if we want to emphasis on simulation or RPG(you know, focus on storyline). And from the feedback I've got so far, people lean more towards the simulation aspect(survival, management and character interaction, psychological,etc) I agree with you that this game should be very character focused. They should not be NPCs that just stand at the same place all day. Initially, we had a really ambitious idea, that character behavior is determined by complex psychological system such as value system, need and goals so their daily life will be super dynamic and really unpredictable. If we could achieve this, it would certainly stand out. But for simplicity, we decided to make the character system similar to what the Sims did (behavior based on need and traits). And yes they will fall in love, etc,etc, dynamically. You are right, character is what we need to emphasize on. Thanks alot! Thanks Mikael, yes it depends. I like them too :D Hi Jacob : D Yes we are very aware of this issue. Our character designer is a good artist overall but she is not an expert at the post-apocalyptic style. ^_^ Thanks for the advise Alex. We had hard time trying to properly describe this game or try to fit it into a specific genre, because it is a hybrid. We will think about the description! Hey Mikael, We charge $10 from 150 to 500 tier since it is larger package . And waive fees for $75, and $100 because they are smaller. And no shipping fees from 500 above. Thank you for addressing this issue! Thanks! You are absolutely correct! And these are very useful information for us to improve. We will make sure to do them all. The two emphasis you mentioned are indeed the core features of the game and will try to make a better emphasis on them! Thanks so much for all these! Thanks Staffy! We will try to get it funded and we will let you know! Josh- That is a lot of useful information! : ) Thanks so much! and we will try to do all these! Honestly getting exposure is a headache for us because none of us has ever done it before. So please let us know any insights on that and we will do whatever we can do. Thanks for the comments Mops, It is very good to know that it is not that hard for people to get what we want to make. Because that used to be our biggest concern! Thanks Marius, it is always a pleasure to hear what people think about this project, positive or negative. We will work hard to make it happen and welcome any comments. Hi Joshua: Thank you so much for your invaluable comments! You are absolutely right. The idea of this game is drawn from variety of sources, and dead state is one of them. So one challenge is to keep a focused gameplay. We realized that explosure is the bigist issue here. You might have noticed that we are not really the marketing person and we don't have any previous experience on that. We simply stayed in our underground bunker for 5 months, to develope the game we like, and did not realize the importance of getting explosure until now. We will do all that you mentioned and hope it is not too late. "Nature Selection" LOL I love this. And yes, the attractive will always get protection from men while others might be left to death. This is ironic but maybe the case. But the real reason is that our character artist is a female and she loves attractive woman....enormous Thanks Thanks David and gandalf. We will work hard to make it happen.