Hi Bruce - as indicated in the last update, "This means Flex Cables for iPhone 4 and iPhone 5 and car chargers are going into production with a completion date of June 20 + 15 days on the water to get to the US." June 20 + 15 days = July 5th. The materials that arrived are for these items only. Not sure how familiar you are with manufacturing, but without a confirmed production sample, you can't order material. And as I'm sure you remember, the PCB board schematics for the Foundation Dock itself was not approved by Apple until late Feb. We then had to source and sample these boards and submit for physical inspection and approval which occurred in late Mar. We then switched factories as indicated in the April update. Production PCB boards are on order but we do not have a confirmed delivery date as of yet. We will indicate when we do. As for Customs clearance, its typically 3-5 days. Hi Patrick- thanks so much for saying that. I appreciate your support! World of Simple Design is a company owned and created by Laine Scandalis. I did one project with them, the Foundation Dock. The Foundation Dock money raised on Kickstarter went to Foundation Dock. The money Laine raised for Podi-m went to Podi-m. The Q-ube Sound Dock is a World of Simple product. Since it has no electronics and uses the consumers own charging cable- its made in Los Angeles and can ship as they make them. No real money was spent to launch that product. But if you want to know more about Q-ube, get with Laine at World of Simple- I have nothing to do with that product. As far as Podi-m- Laine says more than half of the backers have received their Podi-m's and the remaining backers will receive theirs in the next 4 weeks. As I've said before: with most Kickstarter projects, there are delays. If you look at similar hardware design projects like The Elevation Dock- they shipped about 7-8 months late. The Pebble Watch- shipped about 8-9 months late. Instacube- slated to ship 5 months late. I'm personally also waiting on my Instacube. Brydge- 6 months late. Das Horn- 5 months late. Foundation Dock is currently at 3.5 months late- please show a little patience. Backers will get their products. Hi Javier Thanks for slowing down the process even more. I'm one person full time in China dealing with the production issues to get product shipped ASAP. We are in the middle of writing an update to let our backers see where we are at this point, but now we'll deal with this instead. As stated many times before we are moving as fast as we can and we have explained many times why this has taken this long. Nobody wants to ship this product more than us.. Everybody will get exactly what they were promised when they backed this project- period! We have been communicating with Apple many times explaining our situation without much sympathy from them. Just to reiterate, It took Apple 5 months to approve our design, something they told us up front would take 2-3 weeks. Please understand that when you backed this product you backed a startup company, you were not shopping. This project has taken longer than anticipated and we apologize but this is part of the risk you take when backing a project. Cody- you took the words right out of my mouth! Thanks for posting that! Hi Matt- it is hard running the whole show- production, tooling, packaging, customer service, etc- I agree- I'll try to get some help and delegate more to others. Dave & Javier- there's no doubt backers of this project will get their Rewards- thats not the issue. The issue has never been "if" foundation dock is made its "when and how". We fully intend on shipping Foundation Dock and getting it into retail, as this was always the goal. This has been much more difficult than was anticipated, as earlier updates indicate. As far as photos, I wish I had rows and rows of Foundation Dock going down the assembly line but I don't. The factory is still making one-offs until everything is confirmed. we'll definitely upload some production pictures once things are rolling. It looks like the Flex cable and car charger will be the first items to ship, more on this with the upcoming update. Hi William- yes- when Foundation Dock ships there will be a coupon code that will allow you to purchase an item from World of Simple at a discount. Paul- please email me your details and I can change your order. Thanks! Hey Tushar- I understand your frustration; believe me I'm frustrated with the process as well. However, Kickstarter projects typically experience delays. In fact a recent article on CNN indicated 84% of Kickstarter projects are late due to unforeseen production issues. Initially we were assured by Apple with our original design, that the approval process would be straightforward. This was not the case, however, and we've had to completely change our design of the PCB board, re-prototype, re-tool and re-submit to Apple. I wasn't planning on making a profit on this project, I was only looking for help to get production going to eventually get this item to retail. These re-designs and re-tooling were unforeseen and extremely costly to the point where I'm paying out of pocket for actual Kickstarter production. You stated in your response that you feel cheated- let me assure you that no one is getting cheated. You backed a Kickstarter project for which I'm truly grateful, but as with all Kickstarter projects actual delivery time is never guaranteed. We are working around the clock to work out all the little kinks on the manufacturing side, and once we do we will go into production and send out an awesome product. We understand everyone's frustration here and will update everyone on a weekly basis moving forward. Thanks for understanding. Update has been issued everybody! If you need to change your order from a 4 Cable to a 5 Cable, please email! thanks! Tushar please read the update page. thanks An update was just issued; thanks! Michael- The delay applies to the Dock itself. The Dock needs to recognize and handle all 3 cables; therefore nothing will ship until the Dock itself is approved. Will keep everyone posted. cain & bryan- update just issued. Dr Cheng- an iPhone 5 with bumper case will fit in the Flex cable. thanks! Hi Kent There's no way to change your Kickstarter pledge after funding closes, but you can order a Flex cable on the website here: <url>"one size fits all" cradle for bulky cases. We will keep you guys updated! Hi Douglas- Yes the audio connections are wired through the Flexible Cable via a USB 3.0 Hi Yong-Soo, We are still in the process of testing speakers from different manufacturers; all speakers tested were 30 mm 4 Ohm 4 W speakers. We have narrowed it down to 3 candidates, not sure how to quantify the quality of speakers in writing, however our 3 candidates all sound really good for a 30 mm speaker. Hi Douglas- The car charger appears to be much longer in the rendering, it is actually 33mm long (1.25 inches) and should not pose any fitment issues. Cheers! Brandon Idntt- Thanks so much for spreading the word!! We appreciate it! Hi Charley- Yes the shipping cost to Canada is an additional $20, the $50 charge was the old international shipping price. Luckily we were able to re-negotiate a lower shipping cost! Your pledge amount would be $119 . Thanks! Hi Idntt- we are working on additional stretch goals; we will announce an update soon! Hi Yong Soo- we still haven't finalized the iPad cable; we will keep you posted! Hi Paul- Yes The Foundation Dock will be in retail stores and available online as well, so you can always upgrade to the iPhone 5 cable when you get the new iPhone. Thanks! Hi William- when funding closes we will contact you to verify order and shipping information. Cheers! Brandon Hi Michael- You can get another cable by adding $30 to your current pledge amount ( $99+$30 extra cable= $129) at the top of the page. We will contact you when funding closes to confirm Cable colors, shipping and order info. Thanks so much for your support! Hi Yong-Soo The back of the cradle is plastic and wraps around the sides of the iPhone, inside the aluminum cradle and will not scratch your iPhone. Brandon Hi Yong-Soo- We are still working on the iPad version. The iPhone 5 Flexible Cable will not use the adapter, it will be a native cable- you are correct! Thanks so much for your support! Hi Paul! We are so close- I keep refreshing every 5 minutes! Francois The pledge amount will remain the same but we can't promise that we will have prototypes and testing completed by the project end date. We are trying! Hi Paul- Since the iPhone 5 extender has not yet been released, we can't verify whether this will work or not. However if we discover that the iPhone 5 Lightning to 30 pin converter works, we will post an update. Thanks! Hi Jeancarlo- Yes when funding ends we will contact you to confirm Cable colors and shipping address. Thanks so much for your support! Hi Francois- Currently the Spike case will not fit into the cradle. We are working on a solution to accommodate these extra large cases. We will keep you posted! Hi Gail-Anne The Dock can be powered with the included power adaptor or via USB. Thanks so much for the support! Hi Jeroen- No you don't have to add an additional $15 for international shipping, as long as you've included the $30 international shipping for the $114 pledge. Your pledge amount would look like this: $114 + $30 international shipping +$30 extra Flexible Cable= $174. Hi Kevin, Yes the car charger provides 5V 2.1A and will accomodate a standard USB cable. The Flexible Cable has a fixed aluminum male USB end and a fixed aluminum cradle end that holds the phone. When funding closes you can choose between the iPhone 4 or the iPhone 5 Flexible Cable (you can not remove just the cradle part from the Flexible Cable) If you choose the $114 pledge and would like additional Flexible Cables, you would add $30 for one or $50 for two. Hope that helped! Hi Jordan- yes, the $45 level is the Flexible Cable with the USB car charger. Thanks! Thanks Paul! Hey Paul- Yes it will fit in your USB car connection, however our car charger has been designed to transfer the load away from the USB port and onto the aluminum housing. If you are using the Flexible cable in your car without the Foundation Dock car charger, be sure to twist the cable into a shape that supports the weight of the phone and minimizes the stress on the USB port. Yong-Soo- We are still working on the iPad cable- will keep you posted! Joe- Thanks so much for the support! Hi Gabriele-We've had a lot of requests to accommodate a larger case, we are working on it and will keep you posted. Thanks! Hi Joe- If you'd like the car charger ($15) or an extra cable ($30), just add that dollar amount to your pledge along with any applicable shipping charges, and we will contact you when funding closes to verify cable color and shipping details. We are considering adding one more color option, and pink is a top contender! We will keep you updated. Thanks for the suggestion! Some Otterbox cases will work and some will not. We will post interior cradle dimensions very shortly. There is an iPad coil is in the works! however it has been more challenging to develop with the added weight the iPad adds. Great question, It will sync perfectly with a slim case, I myself have couple slim hard cases that fit no problem.