Thanks for the peacemaking Solomon ... "we should all remember that Kickstarter is not only still relatively new, it seems to be entirely new to DoD." This is the truth. It seems that some of you have taken offense by our breach of apparent Kickstarter etiquette and disappointment with the expectations of such things as stretch goals and add-ons. Again, we came here to raise funds for a product that we spent almost a year designing and developing, and we believed the Kickstarter crowd would enjoy. We wanted to allow the product to speak for itself, and so we have been working on sharing the story of the creation, and the details of the created. We appreciate that much of the Kickstarter audience finds their projects enriched by individual connection, seeing the people behind the curtain and feeling as though they have gotten to know them personally, but this was not to be our approach, and it seems to fly in the face of everything you guys know. Call it an occupational hazard, but attaching our individuality to the work we create has never been our modus operandi, and has always served us well in bringing more honesty and attention to the work itself. We hope you can forgive us as we learn about the expectations and etiquette of this community, and perhaps by the time we consider launching the Greenbacks, we will know the lay of this land as well as all of you. Well Eric, we will miss your passionate support, but we came here with two primary goals; to craft the finest American playing cards ever made, and to do so in a prompt and timely manner. We apologize if you have felt ignored or wronged by what you feel to be a lack of personal attention, but be assured that producing the Founders at the highest quality possible, and in the shortest timeline available, remain our priorities. If we have offended your sense of communication etiquette, you'll find us only hopeful that you can forgive our lack of dialogue, and understand that it comes only at the price of the product itself receiving the attention that you desire. If anyone has legitimate questions or concerns about the product or the production process, we will reply as promptly as possible. If you have personal questions about The Department of Design, or the people behind it, you need only ask ... please feel free to email me directly at <email>. Thanks again all who have supported the project, we will get to your questions about add-ons very soon.