John Dion, Please stop sending harassing comments. The more comments you send the more we are able to send to KickStarter showing harassment. If you aren't going to back the project stop sending messages. Thank You John Dion, Please stop posting comments if your aren't interested in backing this project to receive our product. Your messages are not becoming a form of harassment. And we have reported you to KickStarter per the guidelines. Kyle Sorensen, Please stop harassing with rhetorical questions making indirect threats. Why even pledge and then make harassing comments. If you aren't going to make a pledge for the product stop sending us messages then. We have already sent a message to KickStarter asking to remove your comments and harassing threats. Hi John, Our case features are different. For one it is felt lined on the inside and our rivets used are smaller by design. Our case is also designed from a much more durable aluminum grade metal. Hi Andrew, Our dice were not balanced based on casino dice regulations as these are not casino style dice. We used molded model calculations to determine weight distribution and balance. These dice were simply created to use for at home card and board games. Thanks for your input though. Kyle Sorensen, We have taken a look at the sites you mentioned in your comments and there are a few things that are definitely different in our dice and the ones you posted in the links. They do appear to be similar but the overall physical make up and quality clearly do not match up. Not even the characteristics. Firstly it appears that some foreign Chinese factory has gained access to 2 photos that we had posted on our pre-launch website that we had posted, but had taken down as we noticed a few of our design photos had be leaked. We made sure that we safe guarded the photos posted in this project launch by not listing them on any website of ours. The dice in the links you supplied do not appear to be aluminum even though they say so, they are way to glossy and metallic to be raw aluminum. Or they may be coated. They appear to very cheaply made just by looking at the rigid lines and groves. Very poor quality dice on the links you posted. Even at looking at the pips they don't appear to be machined the same. Our dice have more of a recessed pointed 1 pip, while the 1 pips from the links you supplied are circular and do not have much depth. Also the dimensions are not your standard regulated RPG size gaming dice. Standard size regulated dice are 16mm in dimensions. Our dice are standard regulated size 16mm RPG dice. The links also do not state the dice are equally weighted and balanced. This is a very important factor. Nor are the dice in the links aluminum brushed to give the dice a sleek smooth feel and appearance. Yes you can purchase cheaply made dice that may look similar but the quality clearly isn't there. And the dice in the links you supplied are not standard. We do appreciate the fact that you showed us similar dice on the market but they clearly are poorly designed and not the same as ours. Even the aluminum case appears to be made of some type of cheap aluminum. Thanks Hi Andrew, Let me clarify when creating the dice the work shop used a silicone gel substance to create a model using computer software and machinery. Once a perfectly balanced model was created by removing mass and filling back in mass while creating the pips for each side, then we were able to determine the exact weight of a standard 16mm game die. Once all the calculated data was captured by the machinery software we were able to make the machined aluminum dice. We have tried to answer and entertain all questions but unfortunately you can not satisfy everyone. The quality in our dice will reflect the true picture. There appears to be a cheaply made version of a product of similar design floating around online, but they are not standard RPG size dice, they appear to be of some metallic made material, and are not raw brushed aluminum. Please do not be discouraged as you will be receiving quality 16mm solid brushed aluminum standard size RPG gaming dice. Thanks Supporters! Hi Andrew, To answer your question more specifically, as stated in a previous comment we tested two different methods when determining the balance of the dice. The more accurate way we found out while working with the workshop producing the dice was calculating the distributed weight across each face of the dice and fill the pips of each side back in with the same mass removed, while creating the pips of each face side. But instead of using resin the workshop used a silicone gel form substance while creating the pips. This had to be done in order to make sure the mass taken out was added back in when creating each side of the dice in. Thanks Hi Brent Bristow, We have shown the actual sample prototypes in the video for the project and in the images listed within the body of the project between the content. We are not going to show the complete production process for creating the dice as this will as this will reveal trade secrets of our company. Thanks Hi Andrew, Yes we will have to factor in the mass removed for the side of the dice with the engraving, which really will not be much mass removed. Our production workshop will be able to determine the mass removed using their computer aided software to make sure the finished dice are balanced in the end. Thanks Kyle Sorensen, We have taken a look at the sites you mentioned in your comments and there are a few things that are definitely different in our dice and the ones you posted in the links. They do appear to be similar but the overall physical make up and quality clearly do not match up. Not even the characteristics. Firstly it appears that some foreign Chinese factory has gained access to 2 photos that we had posted on our pre-launch website that we had posted, but had taken down as we noticed a few of our design photos had be leaked. We made sure that we safe guarded the photos posted in this project launch by not listing them on any website of ours. The dice in the links you supplied do not appear to be aluminum even though they say so, they are way to glossy and metallic to be raw aluminum. Or they may be coated. They appear to very cheaply made just by looking at the rigid lines and groves. Very poor quality dice on the links you posted. Even at looking at the pips they don't appear to be machined the same. Our dice have more of a recessed pointed 1 pip, while the 1 pips from the links you supplied are circular and do not have much depth. Also the dimensions are not your standard regulated RPG size gaming dice. Standard size regulated dice are 16mm in dimensions. Our dice are standard regulated size 16mm RPG dice. The links also do not state the dice are equally weighted and balanced. This is a very important factor. Nor are the dice in the links aluminum brushed to give the dice a sleek smooth feel and appearance. Yes you can purchase cheaply made dice that may look similar but the quality clearly isn't there. And the dice in the links you supplied are not standard. We do appreciate the fact that you showed us similar dice on the market but they clearly are poorly designed and not the same as ours. Even the aluminum case appears to be made of some type of cheap aluminum. Thanks Hi Kyle, Our product is 100% USA manufactured. It appears the links you have posted are replicas or knock offs, which do not state that they are balanced dice nor produced in the USA. Please stop submitting direct and commented messages trying to degrade the value of our project and making idle threats. We have reported you to KickStarter as it appears this is not the first you have continuously spammed and threatened project creators. Hi Kyle, As stated we are the designers and our product is 100% manufactured here in the USA. You may support knock off products if you like at the links you supplied, but that is your choice. Our product features are original. Hi Kyle Sorensen, Are you sure you are getting 100% Solid Aluminum balanced gamer's dice from those sites. Our product is 100% USA manufactured as stated before, plus you have the option of getting colored pips. I wouldn't buy knock offs or replicas. Even the quality of dice in the links you supplied do not look as finished and sleeks as our dice. They appear to be more rigid and not brushed with perfection. Also are they true balanced dice. Thanks Hi Kyle Sorensen, We have answered your questions in a previous post. Many foreign factories steal the ideas of great inventors and produce replica products everyday. Our design idea and images could have easily been copied from a website that we recently had up and running prior to the launch of our project campaign. Which we took down as we where informed by our legal team to do so, so that no one would be able to steal our design and concept idea. Plus you will have the option to choose color pips with our Free Roll Gamer's Dice. There have been many products copied by foreign factories that stole the idea from KickStarter project creators. Thanks Hi Backers Our dice are 100% USA manufactured and designed to true RPG dice game spec standards. Plus we offer our dice with Colored Pips. DO NOT support knock off or replica dice products. Thank You Supporters Hi Kyle Sorensen, Thanks for sending us a message. We are the original creators of this design and our dice are 100% produced here in the USA, they are not foreign knocks offs from some other country. We have spent 1 1/2 years perfecting the balanced weight distribution for these dice, testing and retesting the equal weight distribution. You really have to know how to design and fabricate metal dice in order to produce balanced RPG dice. There are many foreign companies that replicate product designs, and try to advertise them for sell online. I'm sure you have come across this with many products retailed today. But do to patent laws foreign companies are able to get around and steal the design of inventors and produce similar products of less quality. If you are looking for a 100% USA manufactured dice product that is perfectly balanced and meets standard dice specs, we are the original inventors of the Free Roll Gamer's Dice. Also we offer our dice with different pip colors. Thanks for Your Support! Hi Nicholas Wemyss, We are discussing the option of introducing a new reward level with no colored pips. This reward level will also include the Aluminum case. This will be for those backers that prefer to keep the dice raw looking. But not sure if there will be any stretch goals at this point due to cost feasibility. Thanks for the Suggestions and Support! Hi Brent Bristow, After carefully calculating the weighted balance for each side of the dice using software and a little physics, we decided to give the dice our personal touch setting them apart from other dice. We do plan though to make more game dice for future projects. These are some really cool RPG game dice! Thanks for Your Support! Hi Kouture Crochet, Thanks for sending us a message. We wanted to make our dice look different yet at the same make sure each side was balanced. We spent a lot of time and effort in designing the dice and with our production workshop calculating precise weighted calculations in making sure these dice were weighted to a science. Thanks for Your Support! Hi Darsc, Thanks for sending a message. The image is just our logo. But we are discussing the possibility of making some anodized dice for a future KickStarter project. Thanks for Your Support! Thank you for all your support on this project! Let's continue to bring awareness about these awesome dice, just simply share the project link. Thanks KickStarters Hi Jeff, We have tested and used the dice for several months, and I must say they are durable and really scratch resistant. Just don't go rolling them on concrete. Unfortunately all the dice pips have to be one color due to cost feasibility. You have a choice of Black, Red, Blue, or Green. But we are discussing the possibility to offer more colors to choose from. Stay tuned. Thanks for Your Support! These are really some awesome dice. Hi Sean Kennedy, Yes when designing the dice we carefully factored the calculations of weight and density distribution for each side of the dice, taking into consideration the weight of the metal removed when creating the pips for each side. Using physic based formulas and software we where able to precisely calculate the balanced weight for each side. This method was tested and retested. Our production workshop completed the same calculations and entered into their computer aided production software used to create gaming dice and the results matched. The production workshop also calculated the balanced weight of each side by adding back in the material removed for each pip for each side to make sure the dice where balanced consistently using software for prototype sampling. Thanks Hi Y. Chung, Thanks for sending us a follow up message. We will have some more images of the case soon. Thanks for your support! Hi Neomorte, We are discussing other color options. Stay tuned to updates! Thanks to all that have backed the project. Please continue to help us spread the word by sharing the project with others. You can simply click the Facebook "Like" button on the project page and share the page link <url>