Michael, We are working very hard and things are coming along. I can safely say the game is going to be better than we ever imagined. The date we are giving now is Summer, I don't want to get more specific then that but expect to hear more info soon. Did you get a chance to check out the new trailer? Thanks for asking about this Jacob! We are planning on posting an update tomorrow, so please bear with us a little longer. -Casey It does, but we won't be revealing what it was. It's a secret to everybody afterall. Sorry Vincent, that was our mistake. The survey should have said "What operating system do you want your digital copy of Full Bore to run on _most_" Backers will be able to download any PC port we make from our website. Sorry to make you worry! We just wanted to see who wanted what. Full Bore will get a Mac port, we just can't promise that we will have it ready with the Windows/Linux versions. Once Full Bore gets a retail release we will definitely have the resources to make a native Mac port, it's just a matter of time. -Casey Working on Hyakki Ryouran Taisen was really fun- that whole team at ARC System Works was yokai-crazy for the whole year XD -Casey Yeah, we've been sitting around the computer watching the seconds tick down. So awesome! -Finn That last room is the test/dev room, Dean's shack. The door is always locked unless you have the level editor/Creative Edition. But we, er... left it in the room count by mistake. Another thing for us to fix for the post-Kickstarter demo :D -Casey Thanks! That is a bug, both in that falling there should force a recall, and in that you should not be able to get there in the first place. We'll have that fixed in the post-Kickstarter demo. -Casey We want to keep demo progress where practical. What gets carried over is going to vary depending on what changes we make to the structure of the game in the next couple of months. Rest assured, we'll try our best to make sure you do not need to replay parts of the game that have not changed. Hang on to those save files! That sounds amazing. -Finn Miguel recorded them in WAV, so they already exist in that format. I think some of the tracks on my laptop are the original wavs. -Finn We'll absolutely put the early and final soundtracks up for download in FLAC! Thanks for letting us know that's something you want. -Casey Miles, I'm really sorry you ran in to those odd bugs on your play through. I assure you that the game is not supposed to have nearly that much black in it. At the part that you got stuck on, Hamm is telling you to open your map with the backslash key and won't let you progress until you do. Thank you so much for backing the game in spite of all those problems. Would you mind DMing me your system and OS specs so I can help figure out what went wrong for you and update our Win FAQ page? You've barely scratched the surface of the demo and I want to make sure you can play the rest. Also, until we can do a native Linux port, I want to make sure getting the demo running with Wine is as painless as possible for everyone who tries. Thanks, -Casey We plan on supporting xbox controllers for release. We may also support generic controllers depending on time. -Jake You guys are getting gems so fast! We are coming up with more rewards now... we have some really cool ideas expect to see an update about them soon. I am glad you are having fun with the demo and thanks for backing! Feel free to email me any feedback or concerns you have. Anything criticism good or bad is helpful! jake@wholehog-games.com And we appreciate it. Feel free to message or email us with any feedback on the demo you may have. -Finn Thanks! Check out our previous updates, they have some more info on our development process. And tell your friends! -Finn On the other hand, a mock-manual themed artbook would make a pretty cool pre-order bonus-type deal. Naturally, we'd give anything like that to backers too. -Casey I think we would like to refine the way in which the game teaches the player and introduces block types better, and try and make the game as self-contained as possible. I think the devblog is a much more explicit way to talk about design process, and its a more public-facing medium than a manual. -Finn A manual isn't something we have really thought about. I would love to do one, and certainly we could put some neat stuff in there. It comes down to time, if we have time we'll pull something together. We are planning on running a development blog for the remainder of the time we spend working on Full Bore. Maybe that will help fill the gap? -Jake Thanks! We had to throw out a lot of ideas to get where we are today. -Finn Oh, blast, I forgot the -Casey. I'm awful at this commenting thing. -Casey Glad you found us Filiecs! Feel free to DM us on Kickstarter or Twitter if that suits you better. We're always up for meeting any of our backers, you only have to go in for the Golden Boar Edition if you want us to buy you lunch ;) Thanks, I'm glad you like the game! Jake will be happy that someone appreciates his work. Jake and I are bronies, but Casey hasn't come around to the greatness that is ponies. Send us an email through our website, and I'm sure we can meet up. We're not terribly interesting people, though, we just really like games. -Finn Actually I think you've found everything! In the demo the only stuff you should be able to reach are 80+10 collectibles and one secret code room. I don't see anyone that has all of the gems in our feedback logs, but you might be the first person to clear the Kickstarter demo. You're the first that we've heard from at least :D The question marks not going away when you find one of the green pearls is a bug. Sorry about that! It is on our list of things that will be fixed for our next update. The screen not scrolling any lower in the "Dig Site" area is intentional. It helps to hide one of the secrets in that area... form the looks of it you have already found the entrance to the "Worm Rock" level. Thanks for all the feed back. It is really nice to hear from people who are exploring the game. -Jake Thanks so much for your feedback, controls and save slots are on the to do list! -Finn Would you mind telling us why you'd like multiple save slots? Currently the save files are stored in your Documents folder so different user accounts on the same machine have their own saves. You're not the first person to ask us for multiple save slots- and I don't mind implementing such a system since the demand is there- but I like to understand why our users want what they want :D -Casey Those are things we've been going back and fourth about internally. When you say you don't like the wasd controls for movement, would you prefer to have the option for using the arrow keys for movement instead? We are all used to the FPS-style mouse and keyboard movement here,where wasd is the standard, so it seemed natural to use it. We've also discussed the save scheme - we'll have to renew the debate! -Finn Thanks for taking the time to play the demo! This is by far the biggest spread of hardware the game has been run on to date. Getting the game running fast on a broad selection of PCs is an ongoing project for us, and we have an optimization roadmap drafted up to get us there. However, the game will always need a marginally powerful graphics card because we rely on lighting so much. Honestly though, one of our hopes with Kickstarter is that we get funded enough to invest in a collection of refurbished low- and mid-range PCs so that we aren't "flying blind" with these optimizations. To address your specific problem, I have found that on slower machines that you can force-disable vsync in your graphics card's advanced settings and the game will be less prone to slowdowns at the cost of some "tearing" in the image occasionally. If the game is still running slow for you let me know. I can try to reshuffle my schedule to get some optimizations in to an updated demo.