Hey there. Sorry for the lack of communication. We have been so busy shipping! But I hear that there are a few concerns that we have been sending games to stores for sale but not to backers. That's simply not true. We only ship to stores with backer pickup. We are deep in the middle of US shipments, for backers in stores and personal addresses. We're still waiting for customs clearance in Europe. Sorry but for now Europe is out of our hands. :( -- Amber The promotional items for Asia are in a separate shipment. They will be shipped later this month! Let me know if you have any further questions. Best, Amber Ying Operations Director Hi Jason and James! We plan to start shipping next week (Aug 6) but we can't guarantee that the game will arrive by your birthday (Aug 14). Since that's a week and some change, I'm fairly sure that it will get there before then, but I am not going to make any promises. ;) James, as far as I know, we will be working with the current agent, but let me toss the question to our export specialist who may have an updated answer. Thanks! Amber Ying Operations Director Hi Tegs, That is correct! If you have any further questions, shoot an email to <email>. Thanks! Amber Ying, Operations Director Hi Levi! Has not yet. We're on the last leg though! :) Best, Amber Ying, Operations Director Hi James and Jason! Thanks for your feedback. I hear your concern. There are hundreds are games stalled from shipping, and we have been quiet about what's been doing on behind the scenes. I assure you that we have been mum because we've been busy tackling the problems, e.g. the Asia investigation! Unfortunately, I don't have an update about the Asia games right now. I have nudged our Import Specialist, Christopher Rao, to give an update soon. Jason, just checked the map, and it looks like the ship is going to arrive in Boston today! (The little point of the ship is the direction it's going, and it's definitely pointed to Boston.) It will take a few days for customs to clear, so it looks like we will have the games in the warehouse next week! How exciting! Don't know what we're talking about? The Cosco Kobe is the ship that the games are on. You can check out its progress into the Boston Harbor here: <url>"more-info" and the "fewer-emails" groups happy. I'm hoping we can do that with this system. BGG isn't always the best place to spread info, but for the people that are involved, it is easy. Perhaps you could use an RSS reader (google reader, or some other one) to watch this link : <url>"Friendly" in friendly local game store. Hi there - sorry for the delay. We're working on an update - will post one in the next couple of days. Cheers, Ed Thanks go out to everyone for being so careful about making sure their addresses are correct and updated. If you have questions, feel free to send an email to Ed/Jeremiah. There's a link on the bottom/right of each Kickstarter page with Ed's picture, and a link that says "Send a Message". It's easier for me to keep track of what everyone needs through that. I'll try to answer comments here, as well, but a message works better. Again, thanks everyone. This has been an exciting experience for everyone involved, and with the big game fair in Essen coming up quickly, we're really busy and having a great time getting ready. Best, Jeremiah Lee Marketing Director Cambridge Games Factory Hi there - sorry about the lack of updates. I just started a new assignment (in Amsterdam) and we had a couple of staff changes in our US team which have slowed down responses to questions, etc. Cheers, Ed Hi Greg, On the BRICK survey you should get choices of 0, 1 or 2 for each item - so you should pick the total items you want! If you've already submitted your survey then send us an email and we can adjust it for you. Cheers, Ed Hi Ryang - I'm sorry, but I need to be pretty strict about only allowing one of each promotional choice. We would be OK with selling you an extra copy of the I.V promo cards for $5 additional pledge though - please send a message if you'd like to go that route. Cheers, Ed HONORARY PATRON BENEFITS - everyone in your group gets advanced shipping + all 6 promo choices, but only you get the other Marble benefits (T-Shirt, Poster, Apology Letter, Intl Edition) - so it's only one copy I'm afraid! BARONS + OTHER GAMES - we're certainly hoping to have them at Essen and should be offering some kind of pre-order process. When we do we'll mention it here and on our newsletter. Right now, though our big focus is making sure we get Black Box done right! Essen / BGG.CON Pick Up - enter them as if they were a game store; although you don't need to add an address (we know where they are!) For pledge changes - use questions 6.1) to explain the change and 6.2) to say how much it should be. We'll actually collect the money once we have all the surveys in Our aim is to get the games onto boats going to the US and Europe in late September, which would have them arriving with us in Late October and gtet out to you guys for early November. Cheers, Ed Hmmm... or not. Seems like maybe I can't chance the FAQ anymore As a heads up, I'm getting a few questions like this one (will add to FAQ): Q: What exactly are the expectations regarding setting up arrangements for game store shipping? A: We're looking for contact info for the stores from you and then our team will be contacting every store to make sure they're OK receiving the games and also (hopefully) selling them a few more copies in the same shipment! If for some reason the store contact you suggest won't receive the game then we'll still work out a way to get the game to you with free shipping - either by sending to a different store in your town or finding one backer in the area who is willing to receive and distribute the sets. RUBBLE - yes, 39 is now 57! We're not allowed to change text like that after anyone has pledged for the tier but you'll get the full set of promo cards for your initial pledge Hi Michael, For RUBBLE you get the I.V edition cards plus three more promo choices - so you can actually get two sets if you want them, or make other choices. Cheers, Ed Oops, I knew I was missing something. For ESSEN / BGG.CON, just put the Convention name into the Game Store section. Cheers, Ed Hi Mark, Thanks for your update! We have a number of benefits planned for stores who agree to receive games for us, but the biggest answer is actually "Free Shipping" - we'll be offering these stores the chance to buy copies of Glory To Rome Black Box and get them shipped to their store for free without needing to meet our usual minimum shipping costs. In addition, once the Kickstarter project completes we (Cambridge Games Factory) are going to stop taking additional pre-orders, while we will be promoting all of the stores who have agreed to receive games as an option for pre-orders. Cheers, Ed Yes - we became the most funded board / card game when we passed Eminent Domain at just over $48K. On the "Most Funded" tab in the Discovery section there's a Video Game Secret HQ at $64,965 (on a $2,000 target!) - if we pass that then we'll become the most funded game project to date of any kind! Hi Morten, Yes - you can make those choices. Option 4) is the same cards in the old artwork format so it is really only for people who already have the game. Once the project completes we'll send you a survey asking you to provide your specific choices, so you don't need to worry about it until then. Cheers, Ed How high? We really didn't know! Obviously Glory To Rome has a lot of supporters, but most of them already own the game so we had no idea how many would really come out and buy it again. Realistically $21,000 felt like a pretty safe target, but I was expecting it to take at least a week to get there - not 2 days! As a heads up, my computer says it's now August 9th, EST so the 40,000 tier is now closed at $42,366 - wow, a busy day! Thanks everyone! JC: On upgrading - it looks like whatever you did worked fine. I'm now showing you at the higher tier. Essen pick up is fine - we'll be there so it's for free. You don't need to pay the extra $5! Hi there, $40,000K was about 4AM this morning (Aug 8th) so anyone signing up right now is still in time. Cheers, Ed Hi Ken, Don't worry - once we get to $40,000 (which seems pretty likely!) you'll be able to get the RUBBLE expansion as a free promo pick. Cheers, Ed $35,000!!! - I am working on the sweepstake now. All pledges up to chearns are included LATIN - sorry, I'm afraid not. It needs to be a language some-one has licensed to print. Italian is coming up later in the year, though...