Hi Davis, The few brass combs that were damaged are being picked up today and will be shipped tomorrow/Saturday. So sorry for the long delay and I'll include more info when I reach out with your tracking number. Thanks! Hi Adam, I'm sorry to hear that, it may have been defective — I'll reach out to see what we can do. Thanks for the feedback Marmael! Thanks Ali I'm glad you like them — and Davis thanks for your patience :) Brad - thanks for voicing your reaction. I did try to keep all production in the US, but was surprised to find that none of the manufacturers I spoke to who use this metal process were willing to make my product. I found one option in the US and one in the UK, but it turns out they were outsourcing the production to China anyway. It's a highly technical process and after doing my research, learning about the technology required, what the factory is set up like, etc, I feel I made the right choice. The metals are finished in the US - where they're coated and then packaged. All of the plastics are made in NJ. Regarding the finish of the brass - It's a thin brass finish on top of stainless steel. Then the whole comb is coated in a thick clear coat to round out the edges and to be smooth on the scalp and hair. This coat will protect the brass from varnishing and scratching, so you won't need to use a brass cleaner, in fact I'd recommend against it and just use soap and water for cleaning. Another note on the finish, it needed to be coated in a high gloss because any other coating would cloud the mirror. I hope this information provides more insight into why the brass comb is made the way it is! I do appreciate your feedback. Best, Heather Glad you like them, Dmitriy and Maris! Maris we are working on an even finer tooth comb, just have to make sure the teeth would be strong enough :) Hi Joshua, Your package was shipped and says it arrived already - I'll reach out via email to sort it out. Other backers - please feel free to email me directly if you have shipping questions, it will be the fastest way to get help! (heather@go-comb.com). Most packages have shipped with the exception of the brass personalized, which are shipping later this week :) So glad you like it Ben! Definitely took some time to figure out the best way to finish the comb. That's awesome Elizabeth! Hi Gary - I'm not sure what you mean by plastic peeling off, but I'll contact you to check! If anyone sees a defect with their comb, please contact me directly and we'll figure out what happened (heather@go-comb.com). Hi Nathan! Nothing new right now - if you see my last update I mentioned the estimated ship dates. We're on track for now! You're all set riOtrOcK! I just sent an update regarding shipping times for clarification - I couldn't edit the Kickstarter notification to provide accurate shipping info. Hi James - I think I probably won't do that since the original stainless were uncoated, and I received a lot of feedback that it was too rough on the hair/scalp, which is why I'm now coating the combs. Hopefully even the coated works well enough to serve both purposes! Hi James, I'll send you a message to get your corrected personalization. Gadgetstorm - you're right, the brass only comes in regular tooth width. The stainless steel mesh could be used as a grater but because it's coated it won't work as well as a real grater. Interesting question! Hi Jessica! I think you're referring to plastic? In the question asking which style you'd like I included a link to view the options: <url>— up to you! Both sides are brass, one side is brushed finish, the other side is a chrome finish. Hi guys! I plan to ship via USPS with tracking, for both domestic and international. Hi Mark, yes the brass is only in regular. In the future we'll be making a fine tooth brass mirror, but that won't happen until after the campaign. - Heather Hi Cam! Please see the FAQ "Can I order more than one reward?" to see what to do if you're international and would like more than 1 reward. Thanks! Hey Jason! This has definitely been part of the design process. I've thought a lot about finish and feel and teeth strength. The metals are coated so that they feel smooth on the hair. The plastics are durable but have a little bit of flex, and if you have very long hair the plastic will probably be the best for tangles, as the metal is stiff and not as forgiving. This campaign is the first time we're able to provide these finishes and materials, so I'm really excited! Good question! Just posted a photo in this update: <url>