@Khaled, On the USPS site it does say Customs Cleared, but then right below it says "Does not meet customs requirements - Return to Sender"... We didn't get anything back, so I'm going to call USPS tomorrow and see if they can give me a straight answer on where the game is at. If this doesn't work we'll use a different shipper when we resend the game. Either way we'll figure this out and you will get your game, sorry it's taking so long, we'll make sure it's handled this week. @Khaled, I'll look into that for you and see if we can't figure it out. @Hon Sing Sim your copy is on its way, I'll PM you to make sure you have your tracking number. @Steven, Let us know how it goes! Anime Sucks-- thank you for being a gentle soul. I just ripped open mine. -Jason Heh, yeah tuck boxes are the worst. I think pinching the sides helped, either that or grabbing it with your teeth and tearing it open. @Hon Sing Sim I send out an update shortly, but in short, the games are sitting on the docks in LA waiting to be reviewed by Customs, our shipping broker says it'll be reviewed by the 26th then shipped to our warehouse. @Timothy, we've been working with our shipping broker. They manage receiving, and sending the game to our fulfillment partner in LA. We signed all their papers, verified that we're a legitimate business(which is also new for us!) and now we're waiting for the game to clear customs in China!, from the date it clears customs in China it should be on the ocean for a couple weeks before we get it. We'll post as soon as we learn that the shipment is on the boat, and again once it reaches US shores. @Hon Sing Sim We're waiting to clear customs in China, should be any day now. We'll update as soon as it happens. @Tim, you better believe it! We'll have an update shortly with the current state of things. We just wrote an update about shipping! Thanks for being supportive of our game. @Chris, we have lots of news to share. We'll update everyone this week! @Tim: We're working on a new update right now that we'll be sending out soon. Sorry for the delay. Thanks for answering your BackerKit early! We may release them at a later date as a separate purchase, if things were going really well for us, but they wouldn't be part of the Kickstarter delivery. We're still hopeful that we can make it in the final few days! Thanks everyone, we're excited to be so close to the finish! @Luke: Thanks Luke ! Thanks @Marc! @Matthew Kennedy: Thank you Matthew. Share it around. We are very excited about how quickly it's picking up steam! Thank you, Jason and Grant This comment has been removed by Kickstarter.