Hey all, We wanted to write in to say that we are sorry for the lack of communication from us to you guys as to what’s been happening. We are definitely still here and the project is not cancelled by any means. Our situation remains largely the same, where the team has been working second jobs (during the graveyard shifts) to keep maintain income, slowing development down to a crawl. Add onto the unfortunate circumstance that one of our team members had to take a break for a couple of months as a result of his grandmother suffering from a stroke (who has since recovered thankfully). With the slowed development cycle, a lot of what we’ve been able to work on is still at an internal only state. During the time we have been able to get into development, we’ve been working on the later level environments such as the dungeons and castle with work in progress look and feel, ready for polish to the level you’ve seen the game thus far. In addition to this, character related work (enemies, bosses and Jouren) are also being worked on (similar vein to the updates we’ve released previously). You guys deserve to be excited about this project and we want to make sure that when we push out an update it’s something to truly whet your appetite. This is a primary reason to why we avoided updates, we felt there are only so many times we can create “the update is still coming” posts before sounding like a broken record. Again we apologise for the silence and we’re sorry again about the February estimated release date, it was extremely premature and you guys have become justifiably upset. All we can promise is that development is still moving, even if its slowly and we do have renewed internal milestones that will hopefully help us stay on track given our new unusual work hours. Hey guys, Charles here, we're very sorry that there has been a lack of updates. We've recently picked up jobs (new and continuations of times mentioned previously) and some personal situations amongst ourselves needed attending too (family, medical, and financial). We're doing the best we can given the shortened available development time to get another update ready for you guys, so please hang tight and as always, your support is always very much appreciated! Hey jonathan, I know we promised some updates soon and we're REALLY sorry we haven't been able to deliver. However we are still working and haven't left you guys, your support means a lot to us. A few of our team members are currently tied up with other work, which doesn't let them finish off the good stuff you guys want to see. Once that is done and dusted, we should be able to get updates out much more regularly. The Red Knight Games website is currently undergoing an overhaul and we're cleaning up some of the level design for the first stage of the game as well as assets that will constitute the next version of the free demo for you guys to play once it's done :) Hey Seizui, updates should be on the way soon. There have been some recent code framework changes that have sped up the game considerably, but due to some limitations a large amount of the code has had to be altered to work under these restrictions. Since such a large amount of code needs to altered some extra time is being spent on rewriting and cleaning up some of it, rather than quick and messy edits that might potentially cause more issues. This has all unfortunately delayed a update we originally intended to have out already. Work on code updates should however be done in a few more days as there are only a few remaining code modules to update. Thanks for the kind words David! We are quite excited about the chance of a Wii-U release as well Joshua and you hit the nail on the head as that is exactly what we will be looking to do in our final update. We hope to implement something a little more integrated into the website soon such as a Humble Widget but a simple game pre-order Paypal button should do the trick in the meantime. We will be doing a stretch goal update in a few hours but just as a little sneak peak for the people in the comments section... we heard back from some of the people over at Nintendo and the Wii-U console port is being added to the stretch goals as one of the first possible tiers for you guys! Thanks for all the kind words everyone, we are just as amazed as you guys at the huge jump overnight. We wanted to take this chance to thank everyone for diligently following along with the campaign and for all of your very generous contributions, we wouldn't be here if it weren't for all of you and we will do our best to make you all proud. Also thanks for those site recommendations Caleb, a few of those weren't on our email list so we will be contacting them shortly! An official update will be posted soon with where we will be going from now and what will be happening in the next few days. Seizui is right, we still have another 8 days so lets do everything we can to make this campaign amazing! Thanks for the boost Arsene! We are doing everything we can to contact indie departments for consoles like the Vita, PS4, Wii-U and the 3DS. Sorry we haven't been able to give any clear updates on the console front but unfortunately the process of dealing with bigger corporations can sometimes take some time. Thanks Caleb we actually love Angry Joe so it would be amazing if we managed to get his attention somehow. We have been contacting as much games media as possible, so far we have gotten articles written about us by Gaming Blend and Rock Paper Shotgun with a few more on their way so we are really humbled and excited for the added attention! Is there anyone in particular that you would recommend contacting? Sorry for the mix up, we are reddit noobs, but the AMA is now currently live at the following address <url>"do I swing or not swing" choice. Game mechanics like that aren't final and might change or be split into separate mechanics if its more fun or allows for more balancing or level design, for example moving the length changing aspect to its own hanging surface but allowing for a much greater possible length. However, there are always situations to consider when altering mechanics, what if the player releases the grapple button immediately after hitting a swing? If a minimum swing distance is added to make that less sudden how does that then affect gameplay? As for the textboxes there will be text speed options once both the artists and I get to working on updating the menus. The later ones that don't stop movement I can certainly look at extending the amount of time they appear for, however they will always auto disappear as by design they need to be separate to what the player is doing and inputting. changing jump directions in the air is as slow as it is right now to give more importance to the choice to jump, if the player can alter their aerial momentum faster it gives much smaller consequences to an ill timed jump. Feedback like this is greatly appreciated and while not all gameplay mechanics are final there can be less apparent situations that can dictate available options. Thanks Jordi, we are glad you like the look of it, we are really excited about it too. Currently the poster is limited to the 100 issue run we are doing with the artist which is only available at that tier (as a way of retaining the exclusivity). If the initial run sells out and there is enough community support for a follow up then we might be able to organise a few more in a new and unique combo tier but the amount we would price that at is unclear at the moment. I hope that helps clear things up a bit. We are glad you guys enjoyed the last update and Jeremy, we will do our best to make sure that as many popular controllers are supported as possible, if the PS4 controller is in fact auto detected as a direct input device then that is exciting news! A new version of the demo is up, hopefully the new archive plays a little more nicely for Linux users, if not then let us know and we will get back on it until it's right. Still working on the rendering bug which causes the horizontal cuts to appear across the environment :) Hey Ultimoore, Programmer here to follow up on questions. the game should be able to be played at any resolution fullscreen but has to be set as fullscreen through the game options rather than any OS based command, and as in the previous post the pixel size also needs to be altered. auto setting the displayed pixel size based on screen resolution (and higher settings beyond 3x) is something I will be looking at doing soon. Detection of connected controller type is something I have planned but haven't touched yet. Custom setting of gamepad controls is already supported in the games code but will have to wait until we get around to updating the games menus. On the subject of bugs a new build fixing issues related to the 1up pickup should be out soon. I'm terribly sorry that one got though, its TypeID was unfortunately mis-set from its correct setting from previous builds. Also thank you so much for the kind words and the write up Ultimoore, we will be sure to plug it where ever we can. Just as a general note to everyone, the email to send any and all bugs to is <email>, we will incorporate it into the campaign description itself so that it is a little easier to find. Thanks for taking the time to sniff it out Ultimoore. Thanks for the heads up Ultimoore, we will upload a new tar.bz archive for Linux ASAP (hopefully along with a few other fixes and additions for all platforms). As far as gamepads go, at the moment we are only detecting a couple of specific gamepads, most predominantly Xbox360 controllers but as we move forward we want to try and find a more general way of handling various USB gamepads, so currently the truest experience you can get would be an xbox controller but we definitely have plans for more. Doing something like gamepad key binding would definitely help people customise their own experiences so it may well be a possibility. 1920x1080 is actually a great resolution to play the game at, but for the game to scale accordingly with the resolution, the pixel size option needs to be fiddled with. If you do have access to a 1080p monitor then we suggest playing full screen with a pixel size of 3 (which means that 1 art pixel is represented as 3x3 on screen pixels). Haha you are absolutely right Seizui, and we definitely don't want to ignore anyone who has been awesome enough to pledge towards our campaign so I just wanted to take this moment to say that you are all amazing! We are so touched by the reception we have been getting so far. Secondly a few of you have been mentioning console ports so I am glad to say that we plan to do everything we can to make console ports a reality; (and just quietly maybe some of those consoles are included in stretch goals yet to be revealed) we definitely intend to get in contact with the indie divisions of all indie friendly platforms such as Sony, Nintendo and OUYA to name a few. Lets do everything we can to try and bring Grapple Knight to as many screens and consoles as possible.