Hi John, Hmmm... A few emails did bounce, and I'm wondering if that's what happened. Can you email me at <email>? I'll send you a new key. Thanks! Howard @Rob, Hi Rob! Awesome, really glad you got the key! When you activate, is beta key the only thing that it says? Or is there a separate item on Steam library as well? I think the confusion right now is that Steam hadn't turned off the beta yet, so if you can wait until Steam does that, and try again, that would be great. Otherwise, I'll need to follow up with Steam. Thanks a lot! Howard @Nathaniel, yeah we are. It's going to take us time, and we're building it block by block. Right now, we've created the worldmap, different faction and town concepts, and written some of the story. After skirmish, we'll be working on co-op modes, and once that happens, we'll be abel to expand toward Adventure Mode. Hi Carlos, yeah backers should have gotten beta keys already. If you haven't, let us know and email us at <email>, and we'll send one out to you asap. Release date is now Oct. 29th. @Patrick, you should have gotten a beta key from us already. If not, let me know, and I'll send you a beta key right away. We had some issues with our email service, so some people didn't get their beta keys. For the retail copy, costumes, soundtracks, etc., we'll be sending them out shortly before release. And yeah, the release date has been pushed back. We wanted to reserve more time for polish, optimization, and fixes. @LiLo, not right away. We probably won't port the game as is, as the the hardware requirement would be a challenge and the control scheme isn't the best fit for touch right now. When we do port, we'll more likely create an experience that's connected with the overall game but more focused on a single aspect of gameplay. Thanks a lot! Howard Hi ORJTsukasa, are you still missing your keys? We had a bunch of trouble with the email server that we were using to send out big volume of emails. Sorry about that. If you are, please email us at <email>, I'll send you the keys right away. Thanks so much! Best, Howard @LiLo, Lol! Hi John, bummer! Sorry to hear that. You and everyone other Kickstarter backer can play in every beta weekend from now on with the same steam key. So no worries, we'll see you in game during the next beta weekend! @Josh, whew that took a while... Glad you got it! Alright! @Адриан Дабири - Yay! Wow that's awesome, thanks a lot! Not sure what's most convenient for you, paypal, check? Please let us know! @Deborah, alright! We're glad. Hi everyone, sorry we haven't sent them out just yet. We are troubleshooting some issues with the Steam server at the moment. As soon as we are ready, we'll be sending them out. Thanks! I'll post an update on rewards soon as well. Thanks everyone for being really patient. Good! Sketching through the log books, t-shirts and posters are both ordered and should arrive shortly. Art book being ordered. And USBs should arrive this week as well. All coming together! On Beta: Getting close! Working on Steam integration and getting the coming soon page up. We'll make announcements about a new trailer, more pre-ordering, and a site update in the next couple of days as well. @osmija, I know I know. We just need to work with Steam and work through integration, and it'll take a bit. Thanks a lot for your patience, and we will get there! For everyone waiting for beta, we're still working on doing this through Steam. We'll have update as soon as it is ready. Thanks! @ORJTsukasa, nope! We would definitely love to encourage communication between players and have people help us spread the word. So we would want the opposite of an NDA. We would want an VDA, a viral disclosure agreement, if possible. Hahaha, just kidding. But definitely not an NDA to answer your question. @Jon, yeah, we're working to set up the beta on Steam. Once that is ready, I'll let everyone know. And thanks everyone! @Mark Derail, ok, I added a note to get you another key. Thanks! @osmija, we should be ready in a few weeks! We are still working to get everyone on steam, and as soon as that's ready, then we can be ready for closed-beta. Hi John, great question, as long as you have an internet connection, you will be able to join a match with an AI crew. There will be match making in PvP. Thanks! Howard @Sherlock, gender is just customization choice, and it is not tied to class. Thanks! Howard Hi Mike, Noted! And thanks a lot for your support. Hope it will run on your computer, fingers crossed. As we go into beta, if you don't mind, it would also be a good case to see how the game performs with integrated graphics. Thanks again! Howard Hi James, this game expands on the original game in a lot of ways. IIt will finally have a PvP experience in combat, with different game modes, and multiple ships and crews fighting against one another. The ship will also be customizable. A player can play as captain, with captain license and can customize the ship and dictate combat tactics. We've already created 10 gun types, some close range, some long range, so the Gunner would have more guns to shoot with master. The engineering game has more depth, with more sequencing, perfect repairs, etc. There is also now a captain class. Aside from customizing the ship, the captain pilots, and is responsible for scouting enemies. Each class has skills that it can use in combat. Let me point you to the site for Guns of Icarus Online, and it will give you more detailed info: <url>"world" mode later that would include trading hubs, towns, and something akin to an MMO open world. Lastly, thanks for the Reddit idea! @Sunjay, thanks for asking! I should have mentioned this in the project or the rewards... We basically padded a little bit to cover for shipping, and I think we should be ok. But we didn't really do a close calculation on how much it would cost to ship to different places internationally. So if you don't mind adding a little bit to help us with the shipping cost, that would be awesome. But no worries at all. We should still be fine. @Andrew, it depends on the size of the ship. To start, you can have a ship with 4, and as you unlock bigger ships, you can have 6,8, etc. people in your crew. @Ken, yeah we will! Hope to see you there. There is no subscription! Hi John, thanks very much! Great question. In combat, only the ship gets damaged and not the players. The focus is on team collaboration and frantic action. Also, in PvP matches, your ship damages are also in match only. Howard Hi John, Great question. The costume will be the same for all tiers. We wanted to make the costume exclusive to pre-orders and people wanting to play the game at closed beta, and Kickstarter is the only place where we can offer pre-orders right now. If we can offer pre-orders on Steam, then we can include the costume as well. But regardless, we don't want to offer the costume beyond closed beta, otherwise, it won't be exclusive anymore. Thanks! Howard Hi everyone, we just made the log book and exclusive costume selections. Can you see it in our latest update. Thanks very much! Thanks a lot Marin! We are definitely looking forward to you guys help in testing to help us improve the game. Hi Marin, we are still aiming for March for players to start entering closed beta. Thanks Barel and Shu Sam! Hi Matevz! Definitely. We added a little bit of buffer to each item, but didn't really factor the postage amount to ship to each country internationally. We should be ok. If you want to help us with a few dollars extra to cover for shipping, that would be great, but if not, don't worry about it, I think we will still be ok. On the rest of the goodies, the USB I can only get a proof before I place the order. The place we want to use doesn't take one off orders or give us a proof before we commit to placing the order. But for the USB, I'm confident that it will turn out well! For the captain's log, I'm still exploring and trying to find more samples. So working on it, but haven't settled on the final one yet. We will need to decide on it soon though! Hi Philip, we are still aiming for March, and so far we are still on track. We need something to show people at GDC anyways, so we'll be working hard between now and March to get the game ready for people to try. Thanks a lot George! Really appreciate it. Hi Threevenge, ok no worries. If you pledge for more copies, I'll make a note and make sure you get them. Thanks! Thanks very much! Really appreciate it. Thanks Jesper! Have a gerat weekend by the way. Hi Jesper, we created the page on indiedb! It's still being reviewed by the site. I should take a few days. I'll check back again when the page is officially up. Hi Jeremy, Thanks a lot! Yeah the multiplayer of the original just wasn't good or where it needed to be, and everyone's criticism is totally right. We're definitely doing something about it in this game. Really appreciate your support, it's awesome. For specs, we have two GPUs in our office we are targeting for our min-spec. ATI Radeon HD 2600 PRO ATI Radeon HD 5450 If you have over 2GB of RAM and 2ghz processor or better, or if you can run Portal 2, you should be fine. And we'll do optimization work and allow you to turn some of the fancier stuff off if you need to. Thanks again! Howard Thanks a lot Arran! Yup, we've definitely played Air Buccaneers. You'll find some similarities between the two but imagine flying higher in the sky, bigger ship, bigger guns. If you enjoyed Air Buccaneers, we're sure you'll have fun in Guns of Icarus Online too! Thank you for your support! Yeah definitely Jesper. Great point and idea! We'll try to scramble for some time to create a page. Thanks a lot! Thanks very much Erik! Thanks for getting us over $6000. We'll definitely try our absolute hardest make this game great. Thanks Cristina! For the rest of the gift items, I'll try to post pictures of them asap. Hi Erik, yeah totally. If you go to the bottom of the project, you should see a photo of the t-shirt we took. We ordered a few for ourselves, and they turned out great. Confident that you'll like them. The posters as well, the quality turned out really well. Hopefully we get there soon! Thanks Patrick! Hi Ben thanks a lot. We've been trying! :) The forum is up at gunsoficarus.com by the way. See what you think. Have a good night! Hi Moonfish, no worries, we still have time. Thanks very much! If you can get the word out for us, that would be really awesome! Thanks a ton Charles! Hi Spencer, thanks so much! Really appreciate it! And really appreciate your pledge as well. Hope you have a great start to the new year! Howard Hi Benjamin, thanks a lot! We'll need to update the site more often! We're working on getting a forum up, so you'll be able to talk to us there. We'll also add more art work that we did recently. Best, Howard Hi Patrick! That's great. With all the support you've given us, with your ideas, suggestions, sketches, etc. We should definitely do something special for you! Howard Happy New Year everyone! Thanks for all your support thus far! Thanks Jason! We'll focus on releasing the PC and Mac versions first. We've planned for web, and we'll try to get the game on PSN, but these will be later, and it would take more time and effort. Hi Matevz, Thanks very much! Yeah, we can definitely do something for you. I'll create a new pledge item bundling the 2 together, and you can just select that one if you like. Please give me a few days to make that. When I create the item, I'll message you to let you know. Thanks again, best, Howard Hi Daniel, thanks very much! If you can check out our new FAQ section at the bottom of the the kickstarter page or the gunsoficarus.com site, we'll try to get all your questions answered! We'll be updating both places more as well. Ok noted! I'll try to add a new pledge item. Please give me a bit of time to do that. Thanks! We've added an FAQ to answer some of your questions. Hi Matthew, thanks so much! We'll be posting more stuff here as well. As soon as we have more weapons working, we'll be able to have more footages of them.