@ Joseph Litherland: We recommend that the front tire is inflated to 60 PSI (4 bar) and the rear ones to 50 PSI (3.5 bar). Keeping the tires well inflated will greatly reduce rolling resistance thus taking less effort to ride, while in the same time reduce the risk of puncture from a pothole. @ Ulrich: Nice pics , even better videos :) You look like a pro already! Is it really your first try or you've been playing with it for the past hour before making the video? I'm asking because most of the first timers that we had so far need at least half an hour to do the things you're showing. If it's really your first time you are a natural :) Congrats! @ Cyrille Martin: The issue you're experiencing can be easily fixed by adjusting the two little screws on top of the rear truck. You can do so with the hex keys that came in the box. Try to tighten them a little, one at a time to see how it affects the behavior of your halfbike. @ Michael Cooper: From our experience DHL is a very reliable partner when it comes to shipping internationally. The only downside I can thing of is the higher cost compared to some of the other carriers. But that doesn't really apply to you since we'll cover the cost of shipping anyway. As to the import taxes they are based on the value of the item being imported and should stay the same regardless of the carrier used. If you insist on using another company I can try to arrange it. Cheers! @ Josh Gilbert: I hope the end of summer doesn't affect your enthusiasm. We really hope there'll be plenty of warm days this autumn so all of you can enjoy your new halfbikes. You should receive yours within a couple of weeks from now :) @ Michael Cooper: We'll use DHL for the international orders. We would like the halfbikes to arrive in a timely manner after the manufacturing delays despite the additional shipping cost. The declared value for each bike would be the amount pledged. Hi everyone! It's been a while since our last post :( We are even feeling a bit ashamed from taking such long absence. The T-shirts and stickers are finally on their way which leaves just the Halfbikes :) We've just posted an update explaining what we've been doing lately so if anyone is interested he may check it out. We are also trying to post somewhat regularly on Facebook so you also may have a look there every once in a while to see how things are going :) Cheers! @ Maria Pankova : Thanks! @ Ulrich G. Meier : We would like to see more videos too :) We'll see what we can do about it. @ James Seng : Don't worry :) There is a two week window to collect the pledges from all backers. Plenty of time for them to verify your account. You should receive instructions from Amazon how to fix your pledge. Thank you all !!! We'll be back shortly once we come to our senses :) @ Tsvetan Tsonev; Edward Chan : Thanks so much! To both of you. We are quite close indeed. @ Ulrich G. Meier : I got in touch with Paul from Double O to see what is the best way to fit it to a Halfbike. We'll see what he comes up with so stay tuned. @ Tenko Nikolov : Hooray, and thanks! @ Antti Veko; Stephen Pollei; Ulrich G. Meier : Thanks so much! We are indeed touched by your seemingly endless enthusiasm and support! @ Ulrich G. Meier : That's great! We hope you enjoy your new Halfbike and thanks for your support! I'll send you a T-shirt as well :) @ Ulrich G. Meier : Great suggestion! We will certainly fit an integrated chainguard (I know it's missing on some of photos in the campaign but it will be mounted on all Halfbikes) @ reworked : Thanks! We are very pleased that you decided to join! @ Ulrich G. Meier : I wouldn't say riding a Halfbike is exhausting but it certainly is a good exercise. Since you regularly ride a bike switching to a Halfbike shouldn't be a problem. Riding anything more than 2-3 miles does break a sweat. It's great if you want to do a little workout though. All rewards include international shipping so we can send it to Switzerland at no additional cost. This is Halfbikeeeeeeee! As things are running tight towards the end and there are exactly 300 backers I just couldn't help it :) <url>#4 though. Currently the brake is on the rear wheels so no need to worry when doing downhill. As far as the price is concerned I really don't see how even an entry level model could possibly cost less than only the rear truck does now. We'ill give our best to drive the price down once production scales up but we are in no way willing to outsource the production to some Chinese factory just to make it cheap. @ Ray Knight: The automatic hub does sound great. The problem is that the hub changes the gear based on how fast the wheel rotates and the ones we found so far are designed to shift at 9-10 mph when used with 26 or 28" rims. Ours is 20" so it will shift earlier because of its smaller circumference. This practically means that it will shift when you reach 5-6 mph. We are still looking for a hub that will be a better fit so stay tuned. @ Josh Gilbert: Josh looks like that the "community of oddballs" prefers sending messages instead of leaving comments. I really feel than now I type twice as fast compared to the beginning of the campaign :) We are just preparing an update regarding pretty much all that's been suggested so far so stay tuned ;) @ Michael Cooper: It is 40 x 16 x 51 in. (100 x 40 x 130 cm) there is a chart containing all specs of the halfbike about halfway down the page. @ VICTOR SKULICZ: the retail price of the Halfbike depends heavily on the outcome of the campaign. We don't have a exact figure yet but initially it will at least match the price here. As for the big reward most of the money will go toward paying for the trip itself. If we planned on including a share we would have mentioned it. @ Mark Sunday: we'll be expecting a photo then :) Hi Bradley, all expenses paid should be read as: All travel expenses, accommodation, keep him occupied with activities he hopefully likes and we promise to feed him well :). Starring in a video (We would be making a short video covering the trip and it would be great if he wants to take part. Since he will be the first official Halfbike user sharing his experience is something we are looking forwards to) But most of all we'll try to make the trip so it fits him. Going around town on a Halfbike and seeing people's faces, meeting local bike communities, are just some suggestions we thing could be a good start of an awesome trip. We'll try to keep him out of those casinos though :) Hi Ray, you are right! The hub does have a freewheel indeed. We still need make some tests to see how it works but stay tuned. It looks good and I think it has a standing chance. Hi Martin, I just did a little research and it turns out that the hub you proposed has coaster brake. I knew it sounded too good to be true. It's great to have gears, but you also need to be able to paddle backwards as well. It's handy when you need to adjust the pedals to a comfortable position. Furthermore we don't want to put a front brake because of the short wheelbase and relatively high center of gravity. Hi Martin, thanks! That is a great suggestion. We should seriously consider recruiting you and Lauquin Jean :) One of the main reasons we rejected most of the different gear systems was because of all the added complexity that came along with them. The one that you proposed seems to fix all that. We need to test it first though. Hi Jean, thanks for the great suggestion! We'll definitely think how we could do it without sacrificing either the Halfbikes simplicity nor the price. Hi Andy, great suggestion. Since the very beginning we've been thinking of ways to make it fold-able without sacrificing it's simplicity though. It's something that we are still working on and you should be among the first to know if we get there. Thanks again for the great idea! Hi Peter, Riding is quite smooth (if ridden over decent pavement) and mimics low impact style running. I assume it should be good for your back though I'm not a specialist. Sorry for not being more specific but I don't feel competent to give medical advice. Hi Johan, you are right that a hub gear could facilitate climbing steeper slopes, but only to a certain degree. The Halfbike is not really made for climbing steep hills. As long as the T-handle is concerned the rider will intuitively try to twist in order to turn like he would on a normal bike and Halfbike works by leaning. So we feel that the handlebar is better off like it is now. Hi Josh, great questions. The height of the handlebar is not adjustable but we will pass a survey among all backers and will ship their Halfbikes with a handle corresponding to their height. The optimum hight/weight range is mostly a matter of personal feel and comfort. We've tested the Halfbike with riders with various height and we can put the comfort range somewhere between 5' 2'' and 6' 4''. Very tall riders (more than 6' 4'') seem to find it a bit awkward. The same applies to the rider's weight. Someone heavier than 220-230 lb will find it less comfortable. But again these are just some approximate guidelines. It is suitable for both recreation and exercise the only difference being the rider style. You can take it easily or really put some effort. Hi Martin, We expected the US and the EU to be our main markets and as we already said we believe in local manufacturing, so yes the Halfbikes for EU backers will be shipped from within the EU and respectfully US backers will have theirs shipped from the US. We wanted the Halfbike to cost the same and be equally accessible for backers regardless of their location so that is how we intend to do it. Thanks for the tip Kristina! Honestly riding downhill is a blast. It feels so smooth and relaxing. Similar to skiing actually. Going uphill is alright as long as it is a gentle slope but if it gets too steep I'm afraid that you may need to walk it :( Thanks for the idea Antti! Looks that the Trigger Bell will be a great addition to a Halfbike indeed. We'll keep an eye on their campaign as well. All rewards include worldwide shipping. We want them to be equally accessible to all backers regardless of their location.