Thanks for commenting about Almond+, it looks like a really great piece of hardware and in the future we will likely look into integrating with it, and possibly even replacing our base station with it. It is quite a bit more expensive than our base and all the details on integration have not been released yet, so only time will tell. Lots of updates in the works, including hardware upgrades and pictures of our pre-manufacture run of the product. Stay tuned. Hi Dani, Answered via email regarding the reward levels. Gareth, Good Idea. I don't want to spam there, so if you're a member please cross post it :) Jesse, Thanks! I don't have any plans for making anything homebrew specific -- at the moment -- though I do want to expand the line of stations. First things first -- delivering on the rewards and polishing the existing line. Great idea though, I hope the community takes advantage of the open source nature and capitalizes on it. Till! Thanks! You're a part of it! Erik, Wooo, WiFi plans fell through, sketching up a couple ideas on a new 50k reward level RedRum - Better late than never :) Thanks! Peter - Thanks again :)! Gareth - :)! Thanks Karl - I'm looking into this ... it would be some extra development work, but I know there are a number of people that would like to see this both in the UK and US. Caleb - Awesome -- I'd love to see this spread to the medical community in those states. Please pass on the word in your social circles and grower community :) Each unit only has one moisture sensor, but assuming uniform water, soil, and plant type / stage of growth -- they should consume roughly the same amount of water. You really don't need a moisture sensor for EACH plant. Just each "crop" of differing plant/soil type Raleigh, Since all the reward levels get +1 sensorstations you're actually getting a base and four sensorstations. If you'd like to upgrade to the $199 level you can pick a sensorstation+ as your mix n' match and still get two sensorstations. Artyom, Yes you need an AutomationStation to control devices. It has four outlets which can be controlled independently. The USB is for power and programming only, the prototypes use 433MHz RF to communicate. We haven't worked out retail prices yet but we're aiming for around $100 for the SensorStation+ and less for the SensorStations. Gareth, Thanks for the love :) Be sure to spread it to your friends. Bert, Unfortunately we aren't offering any of the other stations as kits, they are just too costly. Only way to get them is with the $199 reward levels and up :) Juan, You know whats up :) almost broke $20k Thanks again for your support man. Bert, Good Choice. I've burned more than a couple of my prototypes leaving them out unattended in my hydroponic setup and coming back to find a rotisseried board. Sandwhich baggies do not a waterproof enclosure make :) Thanks for all the questions. As always feel free to E-mail, comment. or PM me with your feedback. I've heard so many great ideas. Love it! Hi John, Good Questions. Yes it can be powered by outlets with built in USB ports, USB hubs, etc. The reprogramming is compatible with Mac/OSX, Linux, and Windows. It is Arduino compatible. Artyom, The AutomationStation actually controls the equipment which is plugged into it. Here's how it works. Sensors are streaming data back to the cloud. You'll log into your account and identify the AutomationStation and the numbered outlet you want to control. From there you can specify rules to control that out. An example would be the temperature rising past 80degrees, turn on a fan. When this requirement is met a message will be sent from the Internet back to your BaseStation. The BaseStation will then forward the message over RF to the AutomationStation, which will in turn switch the fan on. Does this answer your questions? Thanks! Mike Jan, Thanks -- great questions. You are correct in your assumption. The 99$ level is a base station and two sensor stations. Our manufacturing costs are quoted below $99 for the three units. We also have additional funding in the background to cover any unplanned expenses in the process, so we're pretty confident. Hope this answer your questions! Mike Adam, feel free to email me @ <email> and we can chat more Hi Adam, Thanks again for your pledge. We have looked into monitoring the macro-nutrient levels of soil, but measurement equipment, as you indicated is prohibitively expensive. No doubt in my mind, due to the open nature of the project that someone will share a DIY version though. We're using 433MHz RF. We may in fact switch to Xbee however, due to the possibility of simplifying cross integration with other products. 433MHz or Xbee, I think the demand for solar powered devices is there and will be coming down the pipeline shortly after the kickstarter. Building plant profiles based on climate, setup and environment is one of the more interesting parts of the data collection. There is so much potential for the data platform, we're busy now creating a feature rich engine for our backers:) John, Thanks! Glad to have you as a backer. Be sure to spread the love and help make this project a success. Let me know if you have any questions and I'll be sure to get back to you ASAP Juan, Awesome to hear. What were you building it out of? Arduino? Shoot me a PM or an email if you have any questions or are stuck with your project. I'd be happy to help. I have thought about solar power with LiPo batteries, and it is certainly a route we'd like to move toward in the future. The difficulty is maintaining a balance between battery life and how often the station is turned on to monitor. Cheers! Mike Adriel, I think that is a great idea for aquaponics. I haven't had much experience in the area, but I can see how it would be advantageous. I'll look into the dissolved oxygen and ammonia sensors and let you know what I find. Happy to have you as a backer Erik. Your pledge is going to make a big impact. Thank you Peter. Every little bit helps. This is really just the starting point for what I'd like to see become a reality long term. The more we understand about optimal plant growth, the more we can optimize in terms of the resource consumption and overall yield.