I keep hoping that a big technical issue we've been having will be resolved before I update - there's been this damn core bug with compiling the game on windows that's been mystifying everyone, but hopefully we'll have some good news this week. Either way I'll make a full accounting by the end of the week. Rick @Christopher Chaney - That, in essence, is what I think we're going to try and do - or something close. So, I'm going to have a big update that I've been working on figuring out all day. It will go up tomorrow. Anyone who still wants a refund after that only needs to message me directly through Kickstarter. Veav makes a compelling point! I need to talk things over with the team and some outsiders, but yeah there's more to be said on all of this. Stay tuned! As I noted in the latest update, the lengthy campaign that we spent a lot of time on just wasn't something good enough to release. Our failure. My failure specifically. I will personally refund your money, if you like. @Joe - Yes, absolutely if you want, no problem! The single player campaign flips back and forth between Denizens and Intruders, so you get both sides and decisions you make in one affect what happens in the later chapters. Good morning Everyone! A bigger update later today, but I just wanted to chime in and let folks know that the Big Generous Donor from yesterday is a real person that I know and who has the money and isn't going to withdraw the pledge. I haven't asked him if it's OK to say his name, but I'm sure he won't mind revealing himself soon. I'll ask today, maybe even get him on the podcast this week. So, in short, that money will come and we'll use all of it for the game. Hi Mitchell - thanks for your pledge! Yeah, it's your name - we can't model specific characters because when I say we, I mean just Austin, and he's got bunches to do to get the core units in. As for Vita - I have no idea! I'll look into it.... Veav: The animations are smoother in the game - the video capture program I used makes things look choppier than they do natively. That said, improving animations is definitely in our schedule.