The dice are not being made from pewter. Someone requested to see what they would look like in pewter, which is why I cast some in pewter. They will be cast in resin as previously planned. I'm currently getting new mold positives made by another company that will put more quality control into output. I'll have samples to show soon, but I've also been busty with other projects I can't talk about yet due to NDAs. I would like to mention that despite the number to the right saying $17,473, that is not the amount I actually received. After Kickstarter and Amazon took their cut it was closer to $14,000. That's still enough to work with, but for those who keep quoting that number because it's on the page, it's not accurate. I'm hoping to have the new molds completed within a month or two, and to be shipping the dice with the pewter coins soon thereafter. Nathan, I have made some sample metal dice. I'll be showing them in the next update, along with lots of coins. I'm still actively working on this project. I'm posting updates. All of the project goals will be reached and all the dice, coins, and minis will be delivered. The fact that a very small minority of the backers have decided that a $25 or $50 contribution gives them the right to send daily harassing e-mails and to post insulting comments in the forums has not stopped me from pursuing these goals. In my next post I'm going to show how beautiful the coins are, and following that I'll be focusing on the process of making the dice again. I'm posting some of these updates as public posts so that other people with similar projects will be able to follow the trail of breadcrumbs and avoid some of the mistakes I made along the way. Anyone who thinks it's going to be a piece of cake to do a project like this is underestimating the difficulties you will encounter in this process. My wife is a violent psychotic drug addict and I was forced to defend myself and my child when she went into one of her psychotic rages. The only reason I went to jail and my wife did not was because I begged the police not to take her because I knew she would commit suicide if she went to jail again. I could easily post my wife's mugshots from the many times I was forced to send her to jail for violence. My wife left my daughter with me at our home so I could take care of her because I work at home. Then she claimed she had too much "anxiety" to deal with being a mother any more, and has refused to see her daughter for MONTHS despite my repeated attempts to try to schedule time for them together. I have only recently been staying with family because I couldn't afford a two bedroom house by myself. I didn't "kidnap" my child. I have every right to take care of my daughter and keep her safe, and my wife has told me directly that I have to keep our daughter because she can't handle it. These are facts. My wife was never taking care of our daughter. She was putting her in daycare all day, then letting me or other people watch her before. My wife ended up spending all her time getting high on drugs or playing video games like some kind of teenager and refused to pick up her daughter every single time I offered. Anyone who says different doesn't know what they're talking about. and YES, I am divorcing her. I'm doing it for the good of my child and for my own good instead of letting a psycho drug addict ruin my child's life and mine. My wife is a complete mess and has committed adultery, and she's a drug addict. Carrie Roux KNOWS NOTHING. She wasn't present for ANY of this stuff. She is just someone who casually knows my wife, and it is a fact that Carrie is on antipsychotic medication, and she did cheat on her husband, at which point he wanted to move in with me and my wife because he had nowhere else to go. She destroyed him, but somehow she decided to take him back and he was fool enough to go back. There were false statutory **** charges against me almost ten years ago. They offered me deals where the charges would go away if I took probation, and I refused. I wouldn't accept any kind of "deal" for something I didn't do, so they've stalled and stalled in the hope that I will give in and take a deal. I have consistently refused and demanded a trial. How nice of you to come back and post that after I gave you a refund, Christian. I'm sure you feel like a real hero. Here's the part of the timeline that's missing. My wife has become a drug addict, and has psychotic episodes where she beats me up. That's the main reason I'm divorcing her. I've sent her to jail repeatedly, and she said if she ever went to jail again she would commit suicide. I believed her, so last time when I called the police, I begged them to take me instead of her, and that's what they did. She left while I was in jail, took everything she wanted, and although I bailed her out before when I sent her to jail, I had to make bail for myself. She then left me with our daughter, and claimed that she can't handle being a parent any more, so I've had to pay for everything by myself and I'm now a single father. I moved everything I had into storage, and I've been forced to stay with family temporarily. Yes, my daughter was sick and I had to take care of her full time by myself, no help from anyone. Yes, I got sick after she did. Yes, we're both well now, and we don't have any money. Despite having nothing to spare, I gave Christian Oliver a refund on the condition that he stop posting here. Although I only have a temporary place to stay, I brought all the silicone and resin and molds and supplies with me so I could work on the dice here. The project hasn't been cancelled. I'm still working on it. Let me put it this way. I put the money to make the dice into making the dice. I put it into expensive 3D printed mold positives, several types of resin, several types of platinum silicone for molds, a compressor, a pressure pot, and a long list of other materials and tools, as well as packages for shipping. I've put a large amount of money and time into this project. This is not my job. This is not what I do for a living. It's a project. The resources for this project have been spent on the project. Any money I have other than that is limited, especially right now. Thanks to my separation from my wife and the fact that I no longer have a home, and I am still taking care of my daughter, my funds are limited. If you want to take $25 out of my pocket because I don't have your dice made this second, I'm finding it a bit difficult to put your concerns at the top of my list of priorities. My priorities right now are to take care of my daughter, find a place to live, and to try to run my home-based business without a home. When I can spend some time casting dice out of resin, I will surely do so. I have previously posted here to describe my current situation. I am in the process of moving. My computers are not connected to the internet and everything I own is in boxes. I'm in the process of moving, and I am just recovering from an illness. Perhaps because this is just a screen full of text, some may imagine that the people at the other end of this don't have lives ongoing, problems to resolve, or reasons why they're out of touch, but the reality is that I've had many issues to deal with other than this Kickstarter. All issues will be resolved, but not today. Today I am still in bed recovering from a nasty illness, and typing this to you from a laptop. When everything is resolved the backers who paid for dice will receive their dice. I just cannot do it today. I'll be happy to refund your money on the condition that you agree not to post here again, "Christian". Making a public comment is not the right way to ask this, and your timing isn't very good considering what's going on right now. I still intend to make the dice, but right now I may not even have a home, so you're going to have to wait either way. Sorry. This has been a difficult month. I've been sick for most of the month, and packing to move (still not moved myself) and my wife left me, so it's been rough. I did get the jewelers wax and the info on the much better 3D print service, so that's on track, but otherwise things have been hard. As most of you know I also do other work pretty much full time. I've been doing tech work for clients around the DFW area (while sick--ugh) and illustration work for Worlds of Magic and trying to juggle it all at once. I'll try to have another update soon. April was indeed the cruelest month. @Neil, Yes, there should be pictures with the various colors as soon as they're ready to ship. @Christiaan, Not sure why the store credit wasn't visible. It's definitely in the system in your name. Please create an account at <url>" in each dimension, if that gives you an idea. Depending on how much the plastic shrinks it should be close to that. @Matthew Phillips - Chimearacon sounds great. Send me e-mail about it at <email> so I can get set up for that. I lived in Austin before I moved to Denton, and San Antonio is one of my favorite cities to visit. @Claudia Graf - The fine folks at Kickstarter already have me set up for five additional dice projects, and I've got SO many more. It's going to be interesting to see which sets of dice people want as more designs are rolled out. :) Actually, the $40 set contains 14 pieces including the upcoming mystery die... Just to clarify, the $40 set does include 13 dice, not 10. Sorry about the mistake, but once someone has pledged I can't edit to fix errors. If there is enough demand for d20 sets I'll definitely add them. It's more a question of how many odd pieces are going to be left over from a mold that makes a full set. To make sets of only d6 or only d10 I'll have to make additional positives (expensive) to make quality molds of just that die type. Depending on how they're ganged, multiple color options will definitely be available. I'm afraid the additional die type I'll be adding to the sets isn't anything quite so exotic as the d30. It takes considerable time to design them and get the balance right and overcome issues that cause STL checks to fail, so it's going to be something relatively simple. I don't want to build up everyone's expectations too much. It's just something I thought would be cool to add to the sets. I'll be posting images soon. Anticipated colors for the dice include black, white, bone, blood red, gray, midnight blue, and probably some optional painted finishes for simple effects. I will probably set up a poll so backers can vote on what colors they want before I order all the color additives. @Dustin Landau - The Cybertech dice failed the STL check with the output service bureau, so I have to resolve some issues with the models. It's not a big deal. It's a standard part of the process. It just takes time to fix. Also, 10d10 is now available. It will require the creation of extra molds and positives, but that's okay as long as enough people want them. @Kristen Martin - I'm glad. I hope your husband will enjoy them. @Michael Russell - Yes. I'll be showing you some new designs soon. @Sean L. - Thanks for the suggestion. I'll give that a try. The dice will be cast in high quality resin in custom colors. I'm going to add another set of d6's, but it will mean additional costs in tooling. It means more positives and more molds. @David Dupuis, yes, it's definitely fixable. It's just going to take time and work, but it will be on schedule as a future set again. I just had some failed STL checks due to taking a foolish shortcut with some small details. Getting my hands dirty (so to speak) will solve it. @Everyone, THANK YOU! I'm trying to figure out how many to offer in sets of d6 or d10 based on popular games that use only those dice. I'll have to make specific molds just for those sets, so it's important to know how many it's going to take. I think the order of dice sets will go Necron, then Ancient Relics, then Eldritch Pointy. There were some issues with Cybertech so I'm fixing them in the meantime. You can see six of the 23 designs here: <url>