No new info. No word from Craig. We'll get you information when we can. Hello Everyone, This is Mark Linkhorst, not Craig, not Michael Weston. I'm here because my email address has been made public. This project is rolling along, slowly but surely. In no way is this an update. I apologize for even getting involved with this project at this point, because had Craig waited just one more month, this headache would be all his and he could have just done it all within the UK. Drammurt, I was open with you in my email answering all of your questions. I don't see that as a reason to go throwing my email address out around the internet. We are communicating, perhaps not to what everyone expects on a weekly or monumental basis in terms of the projects progression. Product 3 LLC's mission was to disburse funds to all appropriate parties for the design, manufacture, and fulfillment of this project. That happened before the end of 2012, so the business when it began was temporary, there was no need to stay operating for another year. My other company is Ithic.com LLC, and that company has a fulfillment obligation to this project for orders shipping within North America. Ithic.com LLC is in business and prepared to ship 1000+ orders throughout North America. Craig will handle shipping everywhere else. I've visited the plant that will be populating the PCBs last year. I met with the liason for the project in Germany this past February, he was transferred funds for the manufacturing and populating of the PCBs. The only parts that weren't ordered were the part additions from the original design to incorporate the LED backlighting (a mistake to change last minute in hindsight, but I have faith in Michael Weston's skills to make this something really special). This is a Kickstarter project. It is not a store. You backed a project with the understanding that it is a risk. Looking at your backer history, Drammurt, you are new to Kickstarter. I'm in no way trying to say suck it up and wait, because personally, I'm tired of waiting myself. I'm sorry to everyone here that this is taking so long. I'm sorry to have gotten involved. But my apology is not me running away with my tail between my legs. I'm right here, watching everyday like the rest of you. Watching other projects that I've backed that are late, waiting to be fulfilled too. Watching others that aren't late, but I'm wondering when they'll throw in a delay. A lot of folks are operating on a minimal budget, no venture capital, no development grants. We aren't Ouya or GameStick. I also advised the GCW-Zero on their successful campaign here, they are late, but the goods just arrived in the US. Justin was considering changing his design with the success of the Kickstarter. He wanted to incorporate a better LCD and a battery compartment into his design. He is 2 months late with his project by making no changes, might be 3 months until everyone's order is fulfilled. Where would he be without my advice and guidance on sticking to what he had prototypes for and not making last minute changes? I'd like to move on with my life after wrapping up 1000+ packages to send to all of you wonderful backers. Thank you all again for your patience and trust in us to deliver iControlPad2 to you. Michael Weston's update is the most up to date information I have currently. Feel free to contact me at the email address. Sincerely, Mark J Linkhorst President Ithic.com LLC Just a quick update to say the KS money has arrived in our Amazon account (it took about 20 days). Now we have to wait another 7 to get it in to our bank account. Then things will really start moving! Quick update for those of you waiting for paypal information for shipping - don't worry we're working though the messages and easily on course to finish before the end of the month. You shall get the email :) A little micro update: We have now essentially done all we can do before the money arrives to pay for parts. Those of you who paid for a message/name in the mould will get a message asking about that soon. I'll do a bigger update tomorrow - plus a video on our KS experience. Hello everyone, 3 pages of messages to do today, sorry I didn't answer any yesterday we were getting the quotes on the moulding as well as the metal front plate. Hello everyone, I'm trying to catch up with all your messages now, just got though 40, about 40 to go. I see a lot of you had trouble with your pledges, sometimes amazon was not able to take the payment, other times you wanted to add more. I'll do a general update about that and we can try to fix it via paypal. Thanks, Craig We're answering the dozens of messages now, note that we're trying to put 90% of time in to actually getting the LED changes done so answers may be slower, but Debs will be taking over from answering emails asap. Yep, real shoulder buttons this time :) Wow, so close to $200k. Wine and chocolate at the ready here! It's 3:15am but this is a reason to stay up! We're working on the backlighting right now. 14 hours to go, if you have questions please try to message us personally and we will answer them. When the KS is over we will survey each of you and make sure your pledges match up and you're getting what you expect and to the right address. You can follow me on twitter for mini updates daily, @craigix , now to answer all your messages! Wow. We held off asking for invoices for parts today when it went crazy as we now need to increase our order numbers. Dear KS and KS members, you're amazing - this product could never have happened without you all. Incredible to think that half way though this looked like it was not going to work and now... well... this is brilliant! This is pretty amazing! Also we're totally drowned in messages - I'm trying to answer them all now! Hello everyone, I'm busy organising a lot of work which needs to be done in the next 7 days, I'm just waiting for Michael to get back to me with his views on the backlighting possibility. There will be a new video when the KS ends. Part invoices requested :) We have a lot of work to do now, but we're looking forward to it! Thank you everyone, time to make it real! :D !!!! Fancy 1844 tea prepared along with some chocolate biscuits for a little celebration! Goodness. Exciting. Starting to consider writing the emails to order the parts... We're talking about IR now, as I said previously the pads exist on the board. It would, I assume, require the little red plastic square to be added to the design. We're talking about it and seeing if it could be added to mass production. Backlit keys will be extra goal number 1. We want to have that, it just involves extra costs for us which we need to budget for. If we get past $165k we will make it a serious priority. Wow, 90%! So close now. The pads for IR are already on the PCB so hackers can add it if they want to, we will look at the costs of it and see if it's viable. Right, loads of messages from your good people to answer! I'm a day behind but hoping to be 100% caught up by tonight! Sorry if I just double sent an email to those of you who were subscribed to our website newsletter. Hit the wrong button. Put it down to me being stressed to a hairloss capacity! Wow, 80%, I just want to say thank you to everyone, this is as you know our first ever KS project and we made a few mistakes early on - the pledge levels could have been described better but we can't edit them. The FAQ covers most things now I think. The last 20% will probably be the most difficult part - I hope you will all stick with us as we keep pushing forward! Now - loads of messages to answer :) Thanks, we really want to put this in to production :) Hello everyone, there are a huge amount of messages today and I'm trying to keep up, almost done (but I see another page of answer from you all! :) will keep at it all evening! Trying to get a new video completed at the same time. The $80 tier was done twice to make the second one more clear. I'm trying to answer all messages today, there are pages of them, hoping to have all your messages answered in the next hour. Backlit questions - this is something which could happen, but we don't want to say it will. Essentially right now the Dpad and ABXY buttons have backlighting already there, but the keyboard is more complex and would require multiple LEDs. It's something we will try to do if we can - we do want to do it if we can afford to! I've added a photo of one of the prototype holders to the project. The final ones are obviously going to look nicer, and the hinge in in the centre. The magnetic clip is mobile phone safe. There is a new video and some new photos being prepared. Hoping I can get the holder photos online tonight, labeled so people can see how it works, if you're wondering it uses a little magnet clip rather like millions of wallets or iphone covers do. The magnet holds it open or closed, this is a very elegant and simple solution which can't fail. Wow, 1,000 backers. Thank you so much everyone. We really want to make this controller happen. Getting a lot of messages about the bulk packs or people who want to buy a few units to resell on ebay etc. The iCP2 won't be available to anyone but Kickstarter pledges until next year. So you will have essentially exclusive resale rights them over Christmas and new year. Should be good for small stores and ebay sellers as you won't have to compete with bigger sites (or us!!). We're working every day to get press but it's very difficult - I think a lot of sites see 'kickstarter' and just dump the email. We have to explain to them that we're an established team who have made other products and then, if we manage to get that information to them, they will run the story in some cases, but it's difficult! I bet they all get 1000+ emails a day about KS projects! I'm answering messages now, quite a lot today, will add anything new to the FAQ. For a device which does not have BT, like the Pi. I don't think more than ~70 will go with that option. However we can actually fit on over twice as many, the 70 number was chosen as we thought some people might like to put a short message rather than their name. After that we could reduce the font size in theory, but I don't think it will need to go that far :) I've added the two iCPs level. Also, you can, I believe, just add more money to your pledge, as long as you let us know what it is you are adding it for it should be fine. Other keyboard layouts might be possible if we are able to make a sheet of keys which you can use to replace the default layout. We're looking at that. Multiple pledges does seem to be an issue, I cannot pledge to my own project so I can't really investigate it very far which is frustrating. I'm making up a list of new pledge levels, two iCPs will be there. It's answered in the FAQ on the page. Kickstarter don't let you edit or update the pledges - something we didn't know until we went live - very frustrating. It's coming. I'll do a text update now, new video later if it works out. My super slow net connection means uploading a video takes hours, so I always have to make sure it's right before uploading. Wooo! Also, we have decided, if this is a success, we will film and document the entire production process. Those of you who wonder how it's all done will be able to follow the steps and watch a product become real. Thanks! PC emulation is something which is getting SO much better recently too - and real controls are essential for it. 900 backers :) Amazing. Thank you. I'm working on a new 'half way' (yes, late!) video now. It's more action packed. It has the prototype holders (in black at last). Thanks for all the support everyone, every little help, every mention to a news site helps, I'm working full time on this - it's unbelievably difficulty to get KS coverage! 'quickly' should have been at the end of that last message :) Just to remind you if you want quick answers message me, I try to answer every message. Yes, the Note phones are the biggest you can go, we tried it with a Nexus and it's just too top heavy. It's more comfortable playing on tablets with them rested on a stand we have found, or via a TV out and using the iControlpad2 to play on the television/monitor. Hello everyone, I'm sorry for the slight down time with replying to messages (they are almost all replied to now) my mac HDD decided to die on me 2 days ago so I've had to buy a new one (SSD this time) and reinstall everything, frustratingly this means we lost a lot of our HD video, so, refilming now, and new video ASAP. Hello everyone, answering all messages now - having to answer from my phone so slightly slower than usual - also FAQ updated again to cover various questions. All PMs answered now, going to get to work on that FAQ, so many things to add - we are also compiling a list of all potential compatible devices. Yes, the developers version includes the holder. New video in the updates section. Just a quick update to confirm Canada has the lower shipping price, sorry this is our first KS project and I should have written 'North America' but we can't edit the pledges after we go live. Hello everyone, I've updated the FAQ again (trying to cover questions you're asking), we're trying to finish up the holder photos and new video for tomorrow. Answering all your messages now. Hello everyone, answering some of the emails now, then doing more photos + video 2. Will post more requested information here tonight. We have tried the Nexus7 in the holder, the Nexus is very heavy and it makes it top heavy. It's easier playing on the Nexus with the controller separate. Charing the phone - we had this feature on the iCP1 and it was very rarely used by the customers. It required a USB cable to run fro the iCP1 to the phone and people found it cumbersome. With phone batteries getting (a bit) better we're hoping the next gen of phones will actually work long enough for the feature to not be needed. Wow over 300 backers, amazing, we have tweaked the page a bit today, added some high res photos to download and are making a new video. Will also update the FAQ with some of your questions. Hello everyone, the FAQ will get an update tonight. We're trying with the press, we don't have a PR department so it's just us trying everything we can to get noticed by the main sites. Let's see if we can do it...