@Kitty, Bruce Everything goes through Amazon. We do not see any details of anyone. Those websites post are experimental projection from Kick Starter and if you look at the claims they state that they are not accurate as they are built on experimental models. The main one is the daily projection. That tells you the true numbers. Backers, money and comments. That is real. Nothing else. Hope that clears that issue up. @Dr Tune You pledged $1. Then you started a bombardment of commentary to benefit you. @Sarah We will @Sarah Yes we will deliver. But the nonsense from hackers and employees from competitors will always be ignored. They do not identify themselves. @Steven The numbers for the US and EU patents were posted. @Christian Really who are you? $1 pledge to get a name on Hackaday? @Christian Again? @Christin Do you have a recall problem. Steven just posted that. @Christian and Dr Tune It is very easy. Who are you and why? Not because you think this is a scam but because you work for someone else that is scared. Easy. Come clean. IP is important. @Christian Who are you and who do you work for? Then everything. And in the US it is analog not analogue. @David Which Shanghai Medical Hospital? Yesterday you said you were a an acupuncturist. @Christian We are always looking for smart people. Maybe you are one? @Christian You just stated you are unemployed. So if you get the technical details will you use that to get a job? If you want a job send your resume to our website. @Steven It was posted for the US and the EU @Everyone Even lower than Dr Tune and Adobe. @Everyone There is one but that is not for here. Sorry to everyone but now the bar has sunk to an all time low. @Everyone Now the last post was scary. Wanting a federal ID number? That is bad Please check posts from now on. @Steven EIN Number? Really? Would you like the bank account as well? @Christian No it is not. So you have been unemployed since 2005. Looking for the Golden Goose? @Dr Tune Again. Who do you work for? @Christian Not the one hiding. You are. Who do you work for? You have the email. @Warren Thank you. A spell checker. @Sarah Disguising. Sorry @Sarah Sorry. It is very difficult to disgusting. Please contact Paul directly @Roma No wonder Chris loves you. 200ft is line of sight. You know that @Marcel They are posted on this comment wall. We can post them in more general location @Dan, Jeffrery and Sarah It is impossible to differentiate between real "people" and competitors. We know several of them are posting and as a result you have two channels. One the Q&A everyday and then the private email. Sorry but that is why the private email was set up. @David No problem. You work for a Chinese competitor. LOL @Roma What does #6 say. YES. @David A real Chinese medicine doctor? From where? You asked about us so can you be transparent? @Roma Is it not? @Roma The important one is #6 @David Sorry. I misspelled your name. @Daid Not to scamers. You have our email address. You brought up I-Ever. Do you work for them? They are in Shanghai were you said you are from. @Dan It is done every day @Christian We do not know who you work for? Do we? It is called protecting IP. As an engineer with 20 years experience you must understand that? @David You are not a guy from China. You are in China. You want information so you have an email address? @James Satisfied? @Christian Please stop pledging and nu-pledging. Your $1 is very safe. @James University of Strathclyde, Kings College University of London, University of Utah. @David These are not hidden. Would you like to tell everyone who you work for in Shanghai? @Warren The email address is there and if you are real you can talk to him. @Warren Maybe in Ireland there is no identity thief. But here in the US it is prevalent. Maybe you should see what it feels like? Then it would be a different story. @David That is Wales, the country not Plano. Get the facts right from Shanghai. @Christian You said you had worked as an engineer for 20 years. That was the statement. Not you were 20 years old. @Christian As an 20 year old engineer you know that the real experiment is how to measure input versus versus output. The input was measured in each case. Then the output. @Roma You cannot read comments @Christian That will be posted tonight. @Dr Tune Oh that. No. @Dr Tune I have no idea what you mean? Flying monster? @Roma Now "gaydar" is not appropriate. Go get some Castlemaine XXXX @Christian I have two doctorates. You have a whisk and an iPhone in your picture. My direct email will be coming to you shortly so you can contact me. @Roma My grandparents were from Brisbane. Paul By the way is who gay? @Roma I will be just north of there. He is not. @Dr Tune This is a real Dr. I earned it. My name is Dr Paul McArthur and we are posting a bio of me and contact information if you want to ask me questions. When you ask me questions I will gladly answer them, if you are for real. Do I sound upset? Maybe. Do I want you to feel confident? YES I DO. That is the point. We are not hiding anything, so I assume you will not. No false names, no false identities, no false addresses. I will gladly answer. Check the post coming @Sam Hi this Dr Paul McArthur. There is an update coming about me. You have been searching me out. Not a problem. I have an appointment just north of there at 9:15am. What would be a good time for you. Maybe lunch? @Sam No one mentioned drop kicker. You did. @Wes There is a statement coming. @Dr Tune Sorry but you want chip set, Gerber etc. Normal policy? @Sam You too? Want to do it? @Dr Tune Do you want to sign an NDA? Then all of your questions will be answered. But then you are legally compromised. Including place of work, etc? @Dr Tune We? You. @Roma No. That is how a company grows. Listening. @Jian You are correct. The current draw in the table does include the sleep mode. The state is for a continuous ROPE. @Jian In a five second ROPE the device is asleep most of the time. Five second is the interaction interval. Q1. According to your posted timeline, iFind should already complete certain stages. Is the timeline strictly followed? A1: Following standard product development practice, the individual subsystems of iFind are being delivered by their primary and secondary suppliers, which are ISO certified. They include the tooling for all the unique components. They undergo rigorous tests to ensure no fulfillment delays of the production parts. Q2. Please show some evidence of your team's technical background. A2: The R&D team of WeTag consists of senior engineers with experience in the US consumer electronics industry, led by Dr. Paul McArthur. WeTag currently has four pending patents, including "Battery-less locator system." The application numbers of this patent are: US: 14281043 EU: 14172842.8 We hope you would understand that we will not publish the full patent applications. So, we would ask you not to ask for it. Q3. What are the FCC ID's of the routers used in the WeTag office? A3:The first one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQ802MAG, with 300 mW output. The second one is Verizon Fios FCC LNQMI424WRI, with 500 mW output. Q4. Have iFind or similar products been launched elsewhere, by the same team? A4: At the moment, none of the team members or the team itself has any involvement in any similar product worldwide. iFind is our sole product so far. @Jeffrey Just for your info they also called this device i-Ever <url>"36Kr" ever before. So there is no way they could release any more detail about our prototype. Also, it does not make much sense to correlate a "funding platform" with our technical details. If you are really interested in our prototypes, techniques, or patents, please keep an eye on our KS updates. Thanks, @Sam Johnson Yes we have patents. Companies in the USA are also wanting to license them. Does yours? @Sam Johnson Thanks for the email. We want to talk to you too. @Jian Thanks. Great translation. @Sam Johnson Great comments and welcome back. We missed you! @Mical It will be posted today. @Warren It is being written. It takes time to make it readable for everyone. @Amit You can change the amount in your pledge. We actually have no control over the amounts, only Kickstarter. @Marcel That is the point of the testing and the results. We have taken a lot of data and hope it will explain the different situations. That is the report we are preparing. @Dan The group is still testing and correlating the results into a meaningful format. @Warren No. The two operating systems are different and one had more things to iron out than the other. Android has now caught up. @Roger There is a well known issue with the stack in Android. People that tried to publish it without the latest upgrades that have resolved the issue. We saw this with up to eight. That was reported by a lot of users and why some other companies have stuck to iOS as it is much more stable. @James No problem. It is better to discuss it through the form on the website. @Jonathan We are trying to get it finished for tomorrow night Monday at the latest. @the JJ Actually the last device is very interesting. Maybe they have found a cure for tinnitus? @Andrew The first thing is to collect the data that everyone requested. @the JJ You are correct. But these are not distractions not to anyone other than Customer Service. @Ian Do you have a link? @Ian Thanks. But the comment is not very clear. Maybe just promoting that project. @James What is Headbones? @Roger Thanks for pointing out the mistake. You are correct. It should read biocompatible. @Roger and Michael. The part is biocompatible. Is there a reference for biodegradable? @Jassen Agreed @Ian That is what we intend @Justin Really? @Jacob We will post results as per requests. @Asterix What can you do? @Atserix Yep. @Len You are in Calgary? Before you questioned us, and we asked, so what do you do there? @Len Jeffery is very respected attorney in his field. His opinion is important. @Everyone What is a Troll? @Asterix Wonderful idea. But this is the USA. Trolls have an opinion like everyone else. @ Billy Why did you just cancel your pledge? @Billy Guilty conscious? @Billy Did anyone accuse any person of being associated with Tile? @Ricky Even when we show evidence you will not be quiet. That is the US policy. Go Tile!! @Ricky Yes and we know who you are too. @Jeffrey There is a reason we did not go to Indiegogo. That is due to the fact that you can comment. Criticism and answers to such builds trust. @Jeffrey Thank you for the comments. We know that you are a respected attorney in your field and we expect you to comment at any time. That is your right. We are sorry that you got burned in the past, but that is not our mission. @ B. Hackett Great point. @David We can look into that. @Adam No. @Nick We are performing tests. @Tien You can just add to your original pledge or cancel the first and create a new one. @Roger Maybe we could send her some for the royal corgi's and get the publicity? @Roger That is so correct and so funny. @Billy Please see previous comments. @Jim "Not by shape, size" means not one of them is changing. Maybe Texas English is not good? @Jim You asked about the holes before. Please do not use two different questions. @Roma The product that she represents please go check. It is wonderful. We have reported it. @Jim No. There was electronics inside. @Mary Totally unethical. @Warren Yep. @Jim Not by shape, size before you ask. @Jim We will show them when they are through the QA. They are different. @Roma LOL. @Jim We will post them when the new housings come back. @Ian The comments that have been flowing for the past ten days made us decide to go and do measurements in a very wide range of conditions. @Jian Input power means what is at the input to the RF/DC converter. Where do you get 25dBm at the input? @Dennis There are several outlets for the cavity @Dennis It will be in the $22 to $25 price range. @Roma Thanks. @Warren The first thing is to publish the extensive testing results. @Dennis We read the review and as usual Michael is very insightful. We are putting together the set of ranges as was pointed out earlier. @Ian Thank you for the idea. @Asterix LOL @Asterix Tile was $2.2M @Roger We do not comment on others but there are users here. Roma for example. Asterix another. @Roma Yes. @Roma Yes. Did you not say your TrackR did not work? @Roma Yes. @Roma 200ft is a big room. We have looked at a situation where the tag was in one room and the phone was outside 75ft away. That went through a number of walls. There have been others. @Roma We have no idea how the Pebble watch works. The minimum range is against each other and the maximum is 200ft. @Jim We have tested it in different situations, like types of buildings, rooms, outside and the range varies. @Jim That obviously varies with situation. The maximum is 200ft. @Warren The weekend when the testing is complete and documented @The JJ Yes that is part of the data set that is being built. But that is more time than the Rope function that was outlined in the tech brief. @Len Yes we can update them. No I am not Yuan Song. @Roma Sorry about that. These are mistakes that be used to create better products and projects. We are not defending anyone, just listening to ensure we deliver the best device. @Roma But you did get a full refund (minus the crowd funding charges?) so they cannot be that bad? @Len You are correct. Negative comments can be deleted on Indiegogo by the owner of the project, which is not a good thing. How do you improve? @Wouter The first stage is to get an application for windows. It is widely known that the OS support is not complete for a competent release from anyone. It is supposed to arrive in July (No fixed date) @Roma We are really sorry about your experience. @Wouter Great ideas. We can investigate them. @Warren Yes. The last comment you posted there was very disturbing. The one thing about Indiegogo is that the creator can stop negative comments being posted; you only see the answers. @Jian We measured the functionality and validity of the distance measurement firmware. @Roma We know about that. You do not like TrackR? @Jian We are not revealing any details of the firmware. @Wouter Using both can verify the outcome. @Wouter The return of flight is the most accurate and is dependent on the processing algorithm. For the signal strength there could be interference issues. @Wouter There are two ways to measure the distance. Either signal strength or by response time to a communication. @Wouter Not literally meters but the unit. @Warren Oops. Really 13 months? @Warren LOL. Are you pitching another project? @Warren Yes. @Warren Nice post by the way. Did you get your free one yet? Hope you get more than one. To answer, not at the moment, but when we switch to the website we plan to. @Wouter The Rope will be in meters. The retail price has not been set but will be in the $23 range. We are talking to distributing companies in a lot of locations so the charge will be covered by them. For example we are discussing with a company in the Netherlands so Belgium would be included in that demographic. @Jim We are measuring different types of situations (real time) that will measure power output from the converter. This includes home, work and outside. In certain cases we have had to ask for permission (Do not want to get arrested). They will be done by the 15th. @Jason They will be released well before the campaign is nearing closure. @Jim We are working hard on them and they will be completed soon. There are a lot of different scenarios to measure. When they are completed they will be posted in an update. @Asterix To get one of them free you have to have five friends click on the link and order. He must be looking for a free one. @Billy Sorry. No there are no foreseen delays. There is residual time built into the timeline. @Billy Ptototype 2 was always planned as was explained in the development cycle comment previously. The flex circuit is for a batch of parts that can be used for QA analysis and set up. The tool of the flex is the important aspect. @Jian All three were tested and measured. @Robert First prototype was before the KS campaign started. @Jim The tests are for a set of environments that have different EM conditions. @Andrew If you read the previous comments that was detailed. @Jian Actually both. @Dennis That is what we will do, although that is a surprise about a good product. @Andrew We have a very defined schedule. In the next video we will use the second prototype. @Andrew The old video had the first prototype in it but we are going to shoot a new one. @Jian As we have stated several times the first prototype has the first run of the components. After that there are some adjustments that need to be done. Simple engineering process. @Jian The first prototype was functional. The second is under construction. After that there will be pre-production units to test the ATE. It is a simple product development release mechanism as you, being an engineer, are fully aware off and avoids the risks of failure. @Jian The task was set in motion over the weekend, due to other commitments in the schedule. As has been stated previously there will be no "insides" of the device due to reverse engineering concerns. @Jim We are trying to complete a very stringent set of tests and will post them immediately when they are complete. @Eugen It would be extremely nice to track other devices but that relies on cooperation with the other companies. We are looking into working with some other companies. @Warren Yes the device was tested. That was the phase i prototype. Currently we are performing additional testing at the request of some of the backers to encompass some different environmental conditions (field strengths). @Warren We fully intend to. @Dennis Thanks and we did not forget. The team is looking into that. We will keep you posted. @Peter No. The range is set at the limits of the BLE signal. @Dennis We are looking at adding that feature. @Tanner If you switched it to three with the early bird that is 3*$14 which is $42. @Wouter We will update the FAQ's with the answers to your questions. A lot of people will be interested. @Fiona Obviously, but all of the quotes were not needed. @BF We said no more meaningless drivel. @Everyone Please concentrate on the issues at hand. This is not a war zone. We are fully aware of what has to be accomplished to get your support and trust and we are working to that end. Our goal is to deliver you a product. THIS IS NOT A TESTING SITE. PERIOD! No more meaningless drivel in the comment sections, please. @Len No. We are not saying that. @Len We just checked with ObjectBox, which is our filmmaker, and got their reply. The original parts were shot by WeTag team using the prototype I. They were passed to Object Box, the media company that we used, and they found the live shots were unprofessional. So they re-did some of the shots. If you are really uncertain about the feasibility of iFind techniques, we request you to wait for the next technical release. The R&D team is in the process of conducting the experiments that have been requested by several backers. @Len No. There were several edits of the video. @Adam It was tested in a set of real time circumstances. Some people want to measure the actual energy over a variety of conditions. @Kalus Thanks. We will look into that, but the FAQ should cover that. If not we will update. @Jim Actually that is part of the set of tests that are coming up as per the requests from some of the backers. @Stephanie The device has a storage bank on it that allows it to operate when the is not sufficient EM around to harvest. Those levels are dependent on environmental conditions and we plan to perform a rigorous set of conditions. @Frederick The device can be put in sleep mode. @Billy Of course. As we said it was a conversation today between other backers. @Billy As usual, all we are doing is listening to everyone, either here or in PMs. @Billy No. It is only a discussion with some backers. Nothing else. The words are "would have to be". @Sam Thanks. We know that. @Jian The charger is only a discussion and would have to be an accessory later. That is a major decision. @the JJ Yep @Asterix We are looking into that. Roger also asked the same question but would like it added to a stretch goal. @Jeremiah Tile has never claimed to be battery free. They state that under normal operations their battery will work for a year. Close to a year after delivery they will send you a shipping bag to return the Tile and replace it with a new one. Seriously do not know how that works as if the new Tile is free how can they make money? All of the locators seem to be adding new features. The later ones incorporate what has been done better (optimization) and add new features (Reverse find). Our favorite one on the market is made by Phone Halo and called TrackR. The iBeacon is part of the release schedule and we do intend to release a SDK and start a developers group. @Sam, Asterix, emc2cube As you can probabley guess there are a few companies working in this field. Soon with more exposure and updated designs it could resemble the LDO market surge of the late 1990's through 2000. The main thing to remember is the system is greater than the individual parts. @Sam If you are interested the chip set in the video comprises of three different components. The main difference is that one combination is continuous output, the other is pulsed. The transmitter is there for demo purposes only. It is a very good device as you will see by their partners. @Emc2cube. Now that would telling, but there are two options. There may be usage where the settings are not loud enough so the firmware can be adjusted during some com commands. @Jeremiah We have a list of agencies in the US and Europe. It is okay to ask questions. When they are doing it we can ask if they can make a video. @Asterix You can look at some of the studies that were performed by DOE grants, if they are still posted. Also as you pointed out before there has been a lot of work done for the medical field, but at much lower frequencies. @the JJ That has been going on for many years. There was a joint development and there is DOE funding for the project. Nice catch!!! @Liam Thank you but that is okay. We have to listen to everything to make the product better. @Asterix Great point as always.We have to get the device certified by a series of agencies as well so they will have to do exhaustive testing. @all We are fully aware of the comments and are in the process of setting up another set of measurements to answer the questions. @Mohammed Programmable up to 95dB. It can be adjusted in the firmware. @Johnny We are looking at a variety of different products. @JJ Th diameter is 0.5 @ the JJ That is too large. @Lisa Thank you for being our backer! @ JJ That is a really good question. We actually had a smaller hole but enlarged it due to some comments from a survey. What size do you have in mind? @David We have looked at engraving but the best option would be a paint signature label. @Ews Sorry. that should be what @Wes Absolutely. Level heads are hat prevails. @Sam Thank you. @len Are you a buyer? $1 gets you to comment @Fillpe You are correct. @Len No I am not Wanda. LOL. I shave every morning. As you know (well by your comments you do not maybe?) a real company functions with people that are in charge of relevant departments. That is how a company functions. @BJ You are correct. This was made personal by the comments. Business is business. There is a marketing group that is separate. @Len Why is that important. She is a business woman who does not deal with the technical? You still have not answered our question? You are in Calgary so what do you do? Do you understand how companies work from the top down? @Len What do you do in Calgary? @Len Are you discriminating against people getting involved in other businesses? Really what is the point? @Len Yes. So? @The JJ We fully intend to do a series of measurements. We like everyone to ask even those with less than 5 years. @Everyone Now this is getting ridiculous. @Len Why is that necessary? @Kalus Sorry the alarm is programmable by the firmware and is 75 less than X less than 90 although it could go as high as 96. The code can adjust the alarm if the range is close. @Kalus We can do the environmental tests. @Len Thank you so much for providing a really good opportunity to prove if iFind is a breakthrough. "No matter what the outcome is, an investigation can only help reduce risk for all of the backers." Honestly, we really agree it is a reasonable solution to resolve current problems and establish more mutual-trust. So before KS investigation comes out anything, and also before R&D feedbacks a full report addressing questions here, is it valid for all of us to keep a clear comment wall? We will see :) @Wouter Thank you for your help in answering. Unfortunately the $14 tags are all gone and have been for days. It would be $40 for a twin and shipping @Kuo chin ni: Correct :) @Roger Sharp: We got u Roger. No one wishes more than us to see a clearer comment wall. I could ensure you that R&D is burying heads again into all questions feedback from CS. Without checking with R&D head I cannot say any exact timeline. It is going on and will be posted in our best efficiency. I will follow up with R&D tomorrow to further make clear the timeline. @Levi Depew: Thanks Levi. Also, we hope you were one of WeTag so sincerely. WeTag team stands with all our backers. Not hackers. @Ollie Heaviside: We do appreciate your technical questions. Again, they will be worked on. Also, we acknowledge that not any kind should fits the spirits of Kickstarter. As Roger et. al just suggest, you have 27 more days to decide if your pledge will be a loss or a deal. Thanks, @Roger Sharp: Absolutely agree. And let us ask in advance: are you part of WeTag team? LOL @Asterix: How we hope you were really one of WeTag Team, LOL! We appreciate your constructional points all along. @len We do understand. You want an answer to run the device off of WiFi only. Read the previous comments were there is 0dBm at 1.55 m from a 30 mW source. That will allow charging plus some modes of operation. @Len There is enough energy in the bank to operate the tag. It is the charging that is the debate. Sorry of you want to cancel but that is your choice. @Len Ollie says from a Wifi to make the tag run only from that energy. @BJ We can look at that as an option. It would be relatively inexpensive. @Ollie We are dot arguing about your calculations. There is other residual energy that can be captured apart from WiFi. @Ollie In certain circumstances you are correct. It depends on the sources of the energy @Ollie Please look at the comments in the brief. We have no intentions of working the tag off of just WiFi. @Mohammed We know you are brilliant. Pass your exam. @Len Actually not the case. There are two frequency bands that are used for charging while the tag is in operational mode. If there is sufficient energy the tag will charge quicker than operation. @Filipe We have disclosed documents that no one else in the sector have done. @Filipe No.We are always discussing everything with our backers. @Mohammed Totally agree. @Jing We are fine with it. "Being transparent" to a company policy. We have to focus on tech discussions and cannot provide an English translation here to our backers to see what is really happening. However, the text, to whom know Chinese, is very straightforward. And, we do think you should not distract the attentions of KS community here by a personal "fight". You could take it offline and exchange ideas with Atlas via the original channel. We are going to focus on verifying tech parts for all our backers today. @Jing That is funny. Atlas Wang is not the CEO. There are several people in the company that speak Chinese. @Asterix Tell me about it. I have no idea what this one is about as I do not understand Chinese. It is just a distraction to what really needs to be done and that is to get the device out of production. @Jing, The word "炒作" means (n.) hype or (v.) to hype. Yes, we are trying to get as much attention as possible, since we are confident and proud of our patent pending technologies. What's wrong about it? If you are being skeptical about either this project or the technologies behind it, why don't you state your doubts and reasons rationally? We are always willing to listen and to discuss. Posting some excerpts without any context and accusing us being frauds is not the most efficient approach. @Jing 1. I'm not Atlas. 2. For that sentence you pasted, I've already translated it. 3. Again, please do not ignore the context of this sentence. @Jing He didn't mention anything about the design either. What he said was that "There wouldn't be advantage for them if they are pitching this technology to big companies without any data from the market. iFind tag is merely a "shell" for this technology, demonstrating what this technology is capable of." Next time when you are translating something like this, even it's only a brief translation, please make sure you don't miss any relevant point. @Jing I guess your problem is running it through Google translator which is really good!! @Jing According to the context, atlaswang was addressing this question "It took five years for Amazon to turn e-ink technology into Kindle, what makes you think you can pack your battery-free technology into an end product?" His response was "The tag is literally transparent to any senior engineer except for the battery-free part. Comparing the processes of turning multi-touch technology into iphone and eink into Kindle, applying this battery-free technology to item locating devices is nothing but a piece of cake." @Jing Now that is a complete false translation and statement. What are you trying to achieve? @Jing We can get it translated for you. @Michael Comments about Joshua. Maybe if you are more reasonable you can take this off line and ask to speak to someone else. @Michael It is bad enough that you continue to drag this out here, but questioning the integrity of people that you do not know is just silly. As far as the bank account goes there is no way that Atlas would say he would divulge the bank account information. @Michael Smith Again we are aware of your situation. Atlas was forwarded the email from customer service, and he was absolutely unaware you "ordered" through a test website until you finally told him. Before that you are just urging bank information from us and suspect our bank credibility, that was why Atlas mentioned we open up a local bank account, and sent you the verification by Amazon payment. Out of helpfulness, he suggested maybe you could consider other payment ways. All are based on the confusion, intentionally or unintentionally caused by some party, that you are PAYING through Kickstarter and encountered problems there. After realizing your situation, no one from WeTag asked you to do any direct deposit, which is obviously ridicules, Also, we would like to kindly remind you to show due respect to KS fellows. We win our reputation by what we do everyday, and we really lack money if we "buy" such good reputation from all the backers here. LOL @Joshua Thank you. This is really not the place for this discussion. @Mohammed Please concentrate on studying. LOL @Michael We have already said we will discuss it with you. It is not a problem. It just needs some level heads and rational thinking. @Mohammed It was meant in kindness. We really appreciate your comments and questions @Russell, Asterix, et al Maybe this can be the start of a trend for projects to share information? @Russell There were a few others like Roger in Austria, JJ and a few more. But Asterix and Mohammed deserve a lot of the credit for the prodding. LOL @Ethan Thanks. Customers are always #1. That is the rule to succeed. @Asterix Maybe. @Mohammed No problem. If it is an exam we wish you the best. @Mohammed The graph is input power versus time to charge. At -6dBm it takes about 111 hours to charge the large bank. At 10 dBm it takes 1.5. @Mohammed, Asterix et al There you go. @ Michael Smith As approved by Atlas, here we publicize our proposed solution to Michael's issue: ?Therefore goes our proposal: please provide us with a receipt or confirmation of the third party charge you suffered. We, after verifying it (the company is supposed to take your order in a US address and then ship it to your foreign address), will reimburse you. If you are satisfied then, please remove all the negative comments you have made anywhere. " @ Michael Smith We are here to learn your ideas about the last private email. @Mohammed Thanks for all the support. It is actually being uploaded in the next five minutes. We were hoping to kill two birds with one stone with the next stretch goal but that can wait. @Mohammed The team will deliver what they promised. Deadline is coming but you will not be upset :) @Asterix @ Mohammed We sincerely appreciate your voices. @Michael Please check your email. Our co-founder Atlas has just replied the email he received from you. BTW we sincerely do not think your last email is written in an appropriate manner. If you would like, we are more than okay to share the whole email thread with KS public. @Michael As we have said we will discuss it with you, but it seems that you crave attention. By discussing it is not in the form that was emailed to Atlas in the past hour. @Asterix Absolutely. We feel sorry that someone took his money for shipping charges. That is the weird part. @Michael As confirmed by our hired developers, the test page was put online for just a few hours, and we really did not expect anyone would come across that, while the webpage was not promoted at all. We are really sorry to hear that you paid extra shipping cost to some unknown third party and are willing to discuss on it if there is any receipt. Thanks, @Michael Who took your money for the shipping, as they would have had to verify that with us before accepting your payment. That is not honest. @Michael It is better to walk through this rationally. 1. To place money into any bank account from a website it has to be an authorized gateway. The account has to be verified and the consumers privacy has to be a priority. There are too many identity thieves around. Our website will not have a store in place until after the KS campaign ends and we are ensuring that we the best gateway available. 2. The international shipping is a red flag. Why would we take an order from Australia (AU) and then tell you to pay for someone else to ship it? That is not our fault but we would be willing to talk about covering that cost. 3. You were not supposed to be accessing that page. After beta testing from the developers the site was released without that page. We seriously do not know how you got access to that test page. We have seen the screenshots and are very annoyed at them. You are the only person that got access. As we have said we are willing to discuss this with you. @Michael It has been recorded at this end as well. Was there any money transferred from your account? @Michael How can we honor an order that did not exist? Do you really think that iFind would be on sale for $1? We are sorry for the mistake and we have tried to discuss with you but all you have done is post negative comments. @Michael There is a reason you could not complete the order there as the page was not set up for anything other than testing. @Michael We are aware of what happened to you. You got access to a webpage that the developers we hired were using as a test. The tags were there for sale for $1 each. You ordered twenty for $20. That was the day before KS. We have said that we would work with you on the issue. You have also asked for our bank account and routing number, which seems a bit ridiculous. @Asterix Do you want my job? LOL @Adam. No it is not magnetic. Thanks for the suggestions. We look at all of them. @Sam We already said we are doing that. Check Roger, Asterix, JJ et al. @Sam Just realized you have the same name as the Plano congressman. @Sam Yes you can. @Sam Manufacturing and other company issues should not be discussed here. @Sam Yes we are in Plano. You can ask through the website. @Roger, Asterix, The JJ, Mohammed, and Colby We got you. We will make a complete update on KS, with a link to the blog, too. Backers will be able to get the info within KS; and if you further want a pdf sheet or so, feel free to visit the blog. Please keep watching; it is coming :) @The JJ Having just checked, we can add an image of the PDF. Would that be okay? @The JJ Sorry about the bad experiences. Maybe we could generate a PDF and load it in the update? We really do not know as this is the first project. We can check. We are trying to be fair as possible. We will be posting conversion, usage data which has never been done before in the type of device. We guess we are the line in the sand? LOL. @Asterix You know we like you but it is easier to post it on the blog. @Mohammed It will be posted on the website and notified from here. @Jackson Yes. @Colby That's for the color post and for yesterday. We also understand your concerns and are working on it. @Andrew We can post the color chart. We have not run any plastic yet. @Andrew There is a slight but noticeable difference @Kevin Li @John Yes it is correct. We will send out a survey after the campaign. Thanks, @Roger You guys make Saturday bearable. LOL @Roger Sharp: Hi Roger Thanks for your helpful reminder. We will look into it. Thanks, @Asterix We believe that you just ship the part back and it is replaced free of charge. @Roger Actually we have not considered a disposal service. Most electronic devices have recommendations, as such, these days but we should not fall into that category. We assume that Tile is not worried about the battery disposal as well. This is a good marketing strategy where one advertises that you never have to change the battery. However we think that Tile is a very good product. @Asterix Yes that is correct. It seems there will be some crossover of dead time for the tag? @Wouter Yes you can turn it off @Marie Hi again. Thanks for being so diligent. We think he may have confused us with Find V2.0 that was on this site last week. @Wouter Thank you so much for the idea. We will definitely look into that. @Ari We will. Thanks @Ari You can track up to eight at once but can load the menu with as many as you have. @Matle Yes. That would include the shipping charge. @Roger No the radiation from outside an oven is not significant to saturate the circuits. A lot of work was done in the past to negate the claims that ovens were a source of "cancer hazards". Just like the same issues for the cells pones and melanomas around the ear lobe. There are severe limits on the levels that are actually around the oven. @Asterix Yet again, great insight. @Kalus Probably not. @Roger Sharp: We will deliver a technical report by this weekend. IT IS A PROMISE and we are working on it right now. Still two days away from the end of week. Why not just wait for no more than two days and see if you are backing a solid technique or not? We are hoping all backers pay attention to the coming technical release, too :) WeTag @Roger You were given an answer. We work seven days a week since the release of the project. Our week ends over the weekend. The team is working on manufacturing and testing issues. @Roger The tag does not continually buzz. If you activate the tag and you let it run, by mistake the firmware makes a decision to close down the cycle. As we have stated we are releasing a technical document. If we answer questions piece by piece it defeats the purpose of the technical document. @Roger We will follow up on Adrian's suggestion. @Adrian As we have stated before we intend to send out the phase 2. @Roger Previously in the comments it was stated that we were in discussions with large companies to license the technology. Obviously part of the deal is a rigorous evaluation of the product. We assume that is independent enough? @Mattia Shipments are scheduled for October 2014 @Andrew Thanks. We will deliver you what you need. @Daisuke That is not in the development plan at the moment. We believe that there is someone considering doing that design. @Asterix Hi again. We are getting the update together. Lot's of great questions. @Roger LOL. No we are not claiming that. We are saying that there is a storage bank that is used and replenished whenever there is a signal available. @Roger Yes it will respond immediately and continue until you shut down communication. The EM is a replenishing mechanism for the on device storage. @Giles We are in the process of writing a technical brief. @Mohammed Thanks. The tag is always in a low power mode until it is told to wake up by the phone. Then and only then is communication established. @Sam The tag is in a sleep mode when you are not looking for it. Part of the protocol is for the phone to send a wake up signal for the tag from the list. At that point communication is established until the tag is found. @Roger The amount of depletion depends on the type of function that the tag is set to perform. If the tag is continually asked to communicate the depletion rate is higher than when the tag is in hibernation mode. Thanks for the grammatical correction. @Roger The removal of the energy from the bank is dependent on the type of use. There will be recommendations for recharging if the bank ever looses its energy. @Jie Hui Gan Thank you. We intend to deliver you a product that meets expectations. @Roger No. There is no drain @Ari At the moment there are stack overflow restrictions on Android of eight. Hopefully this will be increased. As far as iOS it is ten. @The JJ Thanks. @Ollie We intend to publish the necessary details. @Chaz Thanks. You are correct about Nokia.We are releasing technical details this week. @Ollie That is the second time you have posted that link. The article is four years old. Plus you have to look at the link at the bottom to get the truth of what they were trying to charge. <url>"glow in the dark" tag and may add that to a stretch goal. @Ari That feature release is in the plan @Francesco Yes. That is the intention @Adrian Thank you and we hope to talk with the makers of Ninja Sphere. @Colby We will look into that. @Ari Once we hit the $500,000 stretch goal, the Last Seen GPS Location function will be added. With this function you can easily locate your car. At the moment, the iFind App also offers a visual locating display showing the estimated direction and distance. @Vu The updates will be included. @Filippo At the moment there has been no contact with the makers of Ninja Sphere although that would be a good relationship. @Dennis We intend to incorporate all of the features that our customers suggest at some point in the release cycle @Pande Windows Phone support is in our development plan. We need to further check the BLE specification equipped with Windows 8.1, and hopefully WP users will be able to enjoy iFind APP later this year. Please keep posted. @Colby The tag identification from mobile APP will be encrypted by our algorithm. No worries: no one can de-sync & re-sync your tag without your permission; iFind is safe in every way. @Kayla Yes you could refer to the "Uhelp" function. It implements exactly what you described. @Pande The issue is not with the developers of any tag system. It is the lack of support from the OS designers for BLE that makes the Windows version lag behind the others. They have a lot of catching up to do. @Winston We are getting the prototype 2 together. @Asterix We have a predefined release and qualification process. It will be done. @Asterix Just designing the way it appears and interacts with the user. It is not a technical issue. @Asterix User interface. @Sven Yes a WP APP is in the next step development plan. @Weineng No. You do not have to re-sync. @Marius We can look into that. Will keep you updated. @Dennis We will look into an easy way of doing that. @Marie and Filippo If there is to be a universal app then there would have to be a work group set up. We would be okay with that. Our tag has its own CRS and privacy codes, so that would have to be addressed. To ensure that privacy is guaranteed the other tags must have the same issues otherwise anyone can access your tags. @Michael No. @Luis iFind APP is by default running in the background. Well we have to look into the case if you choose to manually close the background APP, of if you turn off your cellphone :) In the meanwhile, iFind APP will never "quietly" turn on your bluetooth without letting you know it. This will consume your phone’s battery and reduce your phone standby time. It also has a privacy issue. Hope it helps, @Asterix and @Kenneth That is correct. You cannot. @Michael That is decided internally. @Ollie We are putting together a package for release. @Ollie Thanks for the article. We are fully aware of it. We will release technical data later. @Eia Yes. That is in the plan @Eia That is covered in the FAQ section @Christos After they do the official release we intend to support it. @Christos We have every intention of supporting Windows phones but that is dependent on the OS reliably supporting BLE. We hope to have it working in late Q4 or early Q1. @JJ We are looking at adding that feature. The UHelp function was the Pseudo GPS. @David Thank you @David Hi there, that is covered in the FAQ's at the end of the page. Hi David, Currently the tag works with iOS devices with Bluetooth 4.0 (iPhone 4S and later, iPad 3rd generation and later) and Android devices with Bluetooth 4.0 support. We plan to launch the Windows application later. @Adam Interesting concept. 1. It would be okay to attach to the disk. 2. If it is outside the effective range you will be alerted. If you are good at Frisbee golf then that would be quite often. 3. The tag is always synced. 4. Anything that runs iOS 6 and above plus BLE. 3. @Vu Xuan Loc Hi To answer 1. The phone rings. Yes the function can be turned off. 2. Yes you can turn it off. @Billy Thank you for your kind comments. @Asterix You are great! @Asterix Hi there. Whose towel? @Daniel You are welcome :) Hi Max, Thank you for your interest in our project and your suggestion. We will be updating with beta units soon, definitely before the end of the campaign. Please stay tuned. WeTag @Daniel At the moment that is not a feature but could be added to the app in a newer release. @Adam Yes that is correct. Hi Adam, Yes, it is correct. @Billy LOL. Thanks. There was a lot of work. You are smart yourself. Best of luck with your project and keep in touch. @Billy That is covered in the patents that are pending. On a side note we really like you DC / DC converter. @Billy We will be releasing the technical specifications soon. Yes it will be pre-charged. @Minning No problem but thank you for considering iFind. You can buy later from the website if you like. @Mayank The KS campaign is for the pre-production qualification of the tooling systems and the mass production @Jon No. But that is part of the development road-map. @JJ Okay, we will. @Jassen We will be updating @Beaudry No Problem. Our CS is available 8am to 12pm CST. @Beudry Thank you for your question. Those answers are in the FAQ's that were built from earlier comments. @Scott That is an actual phase 1 prototype. @Scott We know the rules and regulations. They are stage 1 prototypes. We will be updating with beta units soon. @Asterix Thanks again. Maybe you could send an email? The staff at Boston Scientific did a similar device back in 2004 but it was about twenty times larger and used for urinary tract problems. There has been a lot of work done in the medical implantable field since 1998 and has flown under the radar. The devices are ultra low power and mostly custom SOCs. The most recent studies are for similar devices for epilepsy treatment and vagus nerve stimulation. @Damiano Thank you for your kind comments. Our goal is to deliver the you best product. @Asterix. Thank you again. We are sorry about other experiences and our aim is 100% satisfaction. Cannot wait to see your blog. @ Asterix. We do have good firmware engineers. Part of the technology is the power control loop. We are working on doing that. LOL. Could be! The mud is okay. Hurricanes and Tornadoes we need to check! @The JJ That is answered in the FAQ's. @The JJ That is another tag that is on KS starter at the moment. You can check using the search. @the JJ Maybe you are confusing us with the Find V2.0 product that is also here. @Levi and @the JJ First Levi thanks for your answer to the question. We are also much smaller. @Giles You are more than welcome. Thank you for the great questions @Giles Sorry. Updates will be made. Yes you can turn it off and on. No the firmware does not allow the drain. @Asterix Thanks. As usual great insight and level head. @Rob Of course you will be notified through updates. @Giles Hi most of the questions are covered in the FAQ's. For the last one, we will be sending out parts from the first QA run for evaluation. @Mansur We are looking into all of the product functionality add-ons and will update when we have a decision. @Dan The main reason for the Kick Stater campaign is to offer the backers special discounts and get the system recognition. Contract negotiations with large companies take time to come to closure and money from this site will be used for certain aspects of production, logistics and quality to ensure that we deliver the best product. @Chloe Yes you can. That is a quirk in the site. @Levi Thanks. That is fine. @Nick Lunecase uses the cell phone signal itself, not residual EM, although we do tap into the same energy when available. @Charles Yes. And that question and more are covered in the FAQ's if you are interested @Asterix As usual you have great comments and insight. We will look into the stretch goal you mentioned. @Nick a. No. You enable the communication from the phone whenever you need b. Not a problem. @Jassen Thank you. We will keep you posted @LC 1. Yes. There is a complete development plan in place 2. They will be implemented. We had to put stretch goals. 3. We will update in the blog and newsletters. 4. Phone will "beep". 5. Phone has a visual finder, tag has a "beep". 6. We will put in a request to R&D for the "metal detector" like feature. (That is what you mean?). @Dianne There is an early bird for two devices @LC Thank you for the comments. To answer in order. a. They are free b. There will be free upgrades. c. They are undergoing exhaustive QA. d. Yes, but there should be no issues. e. Yes, provided the same unique user assigned code is used. @Asterix Actually our IP attorneys are dealing with that. @Chris No problem. Thanks for the conversations @Chris We are really not surprised. Sure we could talk about a license. @ K Baker We do not support that yet, but it is planned for a phase two release. That upgrade will be free. @Chris As we have stated and stated we are not revealing anything yet. You may have missed a decimal place in your two comments though. The first is 0.015 the second 0.15. @Chris Very nice paper, four years old. That's why we are patenting the technology. @Marie We understand what you are saying and we know full well who got burned and by whom. This was done by examining every project that was launched in the past and getting to know the frustrations of the backers. We want to be remembered for two things, quality of products and customer experience. So do not worry your comments will not be ignored. @Y. Chung Thank you. We are looking into a way to keep everyone happy. @Asterix Of course the production run will be shared with you @Asterix It is not about just this product but the family of products that are in the development pipeline. They also need protected. We are looking at the request and the most productive way to deal with it @BJ We will consider your request. Unfortunately there are some people that are just trying to harvest information (no pun intended) by any means. @Asterix It is always nice to talk to a very interested backer. As we said we are looking into releasing the video. As far as the RFID blocker wallet. That type of wallet is effectively a miniature "Faraday Cage". The harvesting will obviously be decreased due to the cage. We know that several of you have had extremely bad experiences in the past and we will do everything to ensure that we do not fall into that category. Hi Marie We will look into generating a suitable video. @Chris We are also in contact discussion with several companies to license the technology and any disclosure would be detrimental to those discussions. Prior to you asking we cannot reveal the names of those companies. @Chris We fully understand what you want. We will not post any video of the circuits as that can be used in reversed engineering very easily. @Charles We are in the process of updating both this site and the website with the images. @Asterix Hi we did answer that in the FAQ's as per your request @Chris We cannot publish any technical specifications on the internal components. @Chris Unfortunately, as we have stated many times before, we cannot reveal any technical details of the patent pending circuits. We are confused by "Unedited video". @Charles Yes. It will recharge. @Charles You will be able to select the colors at the end of the campaign. @Jacob Yes that is possible. we tract all orders at our end. Thanks Charlie @Phillpe All of the patents that are pending state that it is battery-less. Earlier you stated that a capacitor is a battery as it is a storage device. It can be described as that. So we tend to differ on the definition of terms. Nothing more we hope. Anyway thank you for your comments. @phillippe In order asked 1. It is a hybrid 2. It is not Dialog Semiconductor. 3. As the circuits are patent pending we have been advised not to post images due to reverse engineering. I hope you understand this privacy issue. @Peter Thanks for your comments. The tag does perform on EM harvesting but has an on board storage bank the is continually charged. When is starts to use this is continually recharges. Kind of like keeping the gas tank full until you hit the open road (Simple scenario). @Brian German We are looking into the clear plastic housing. As far as the different colors, of course you can select the color combinations from those listed. We will not limit you to just one color per pack. The product warranty will be updated. @Edgar We are adding all the technical information to a special update and FAQ's section. @Ara We have negotiated with several shipping companies and each of them have promised to provide tracking numbers and information which we will provide to you. You can then track the package via their websites. The companies we have decided to use are dependent on geographical demographics of the destination as certain carries offer better benefits to different areas. For example the USPO covers North America but DHL is better for Asia. As customer satisfaction is our highest priority we fully investigate all areas that have been seen as blips by other companies in the past and target our own procedures to be upgrades. @Adam and @Marie The contracts that we negotiated ensure that the international taxes and fees are covered in the $10. The exterior package is designed for multiple inserts dependent on the number of tags. It is that singular package that is taxed. Regarding the question about an extra $2 in a comment below we do not see that, so please clarify. If you up the pledge from one to three tags, international wise it is still $10 for the shipping. From our end it is only the insert that needs changed. We realize that other companies have made mistakes in this in the past and ensure that our contracts do not allow this to happen. @CK If you look through some of the early comments it is briefly explained. We are also updating the KS campaign and the website for a more intuitive insight into the technique. Hi Ara, Thanks for your interest. 1. We are intending to add to both the website and the KS explaining the basics of how it works very soon. We will keep you updated. 2. Yes, iFind tag has a buzzer in it. 3. I've forwarded this question to the relevant team members and they will get back to you tomorrow. Best, WeTag @Xkorter you are welcome to pledge $14*3 = $42 by choosing the "early bird" level (excluding international shipping fee if any) @Eugen (SPb) Our understanding of glow in the dark means the plastic is luminous. If that is the case we can check and see if that is an option in the manufacturing process. @Mark We thought about offering the laser etching but we can look into it again. The actual tag has its own unique company serial number that can be read by the APP and you can also add a personal code to keep it even more private. That code is what you would share for the UHelp function. Thanks Liam! We are posting an thank you in the updates The glow in the dark option seems very interesting @Charlie N Thank you for your comments. As was stated earlier this morning we are updating the KS and the website to give a basic understanding of the technology and the App. Every comment here will obviously be addressed as customer service is just as important as the technology. @Marie The idea itself and the initial R&D was accomplished by the founders. As you can probably imagine contact from external companies is high and we want to minimize that. @Skilfing a. Yes b. Later on this tear early next. @Johnathon and @Marie We are intending to add to both the website and the KS explaining the basics of how it works. As far the inside of the device we are committed to keeping the circuits secret to avoid others to copy and reverse engineer the technology. We are discussing with several international companies about licensing. There are bios of the company's management on the KS page. @Russell We actually have two dedicated development teams, one for each system. They work off of the same marketing and software specification documents, so both have the same features. Hi again We will actively look into all of these great suggestions and keep you posted in a quick and timely manner. @Second Guess We anticipate that both of these goals will be met. In any event they will be included in the APP at product release for those supporters on Kick Starter. The upgrade will be covered here @Eytan That feature operates as the inverse of the ROPE function. At the moment it is not in the initial release but will be in the future as a minor upgrade HI Ian Yep. We are based in West Plano. Go Lone Star! That is part of the media plan. @Robert Khoe The idea of harvesting has had a lot of research performed. In fact our own R&D has been ongoing for over four years, As you have stated there are a lot of different scenarios for the capture, storage and mode of operation. For this reason our patent pending circuits are unique. And yes enough energy can be captured to operate a BLE communication link. @Abdul iFind tags use the patent pending techniques developed by WeTag Inc. For now, WeTag team chooses to start from this specific market sector, solving a very practical problem, and establishing our brand. However in fact, WeTag has already been WIDELY APPROACHED by potential collaborators, including some really big ones. to apply our techniques into a more variety of devices. @Minsc&Boo Thanks for the questions. 1. The APP does have a visual locating display. 2. We have our own high level encryption scheme to provide absolute security. @Astrix Thank you for being so diligent and asking great questions. @Charlie We don't have the clear version at the moment, but if there's a demand, I'm pretty sure we can work something out with our plastic housing manufacturer. @Charlie I'm glad that we helped :) Thank you very much for your support! Presently we have to pay duties on the shipments to all international destinations. We are trying to negotiate with other carriers to Canada, but at the moment it is $10. We can track it at this end That is fine Thank you so much for your support @emc2cube. As you have guessed iFind is just the first in the product line. we will keep you updated through the newsletters and the blog. Thank you Asterix We will do the FAQ's as you suggested. I will forward the comment on the charge for the application to the R&D team. We will also look at the certification. No Problem @emc2cube 2. Minutes. 3. Days No the Rope mode is always functional. There is a scheme in place to ensure that the tag wakes up for a short communication to the app in a set time interval. This is only active when the Rope function is set operational by the owner. To answer @emc2cube 1. One suitable source is a any Wifi hub. It is not limited to just this. The device is not magnetic induction. 2. The charge time is dependent on the strength of the source. As the device is continually monitoring and charging this is transparent to the owner. 3. That depends on how many times the owner of the tag wakes up the device. In normal use the tag is in ultra low quiescent current mode. We hope that answers your great questions Hi Asterix. The phone can be a source of energy if it is transmitting. The tag has a protocol that makes it go to sleep and lower the quiescent currents. As you suggested there is a wake up algorithm in place. The orders will be fulfilled at the same time. No problem Thank you for your interesting comments. However there is some confusion. The comment from @Creators was to ask if the device will work in a remote area like a dessert where there will be minimal energy to harvest. It will as long as you have a device to communicate with the tag, the tag has storage and that device has power. The comment from @Asterix is a little confusing. You do not need your phone to charge the tag, but you do need a phone or tablet to communicate with the tag. The tag does have a range unless you have a group of friends lost in the dessert with you and you can split up to locate the lost tag, using the UHelp function. I hope this answers your comments. Hi Robert, Thank you for your interest. As long as you have your phone with you, even if you are in the middle of dessert, you can still use it to find your tag. Excellent point. The tag will long outlast your iPhone or Galaxy devices battery. Hi Edwin Great question! We have a function that is available called Rope where the device will trigger if it is out of the range you prescribe. Thanks Edwin The $14 pledge is for a very limited number so when those are snapped up the $30 pledge becomes the next best deal. The USA shipping is free as we are based here in Texas. Yes the device is hermetically sealed and therefore waterproof. The harvesting circuits are continually on and collecting. There is a switch to ensure that the bank cannot overflow. The power control firmware ensures that the scenarios that you mentioned do not allow the total discharge. If the tag is somehow completely discharged the charge rate is dependent on the strength of the source. The Qi charger works on induction techniques where the resonant coupling of the coils is critical. It has no effect on this design. I have put in a request to get you an actual dB level for the buzzer from R&D At the moment the application does not show the charge available for the tag. The actual hardware inside the tag is extremely proprietary (patents pending) as you can guess but maximizes the power available using some unique ultra low power control and software processing. As far as the EM blocking is concerned the life inside the bag will be dependent on the cycle of communication protocol. Using the design the hardware is in a hibernation mode until it is requested. If you are outside the USA the shipping is $10 so that would be $40 for two. Hi Weineng Too. If you live in the USA it is possible to get two for $28 if you use the $14 early bird. That is due to the free shipping. Outside the USA it is more beneficial to buy the $30 package as there are shipping costs. Hope that answers your question! In reply to Eugen. Absolutely. That is the beauty of the programming list that you can set up. Currently the tag works with iOS devices with Bluetooth 4.0 (iPhone 4S and later, iPad 3rd generation and later) and Android devices with Bluetooth 4.0 support. We plan to launch the Windows application later. The environment we live in is surrounded by residual electromagnetic energy. Our patent pending circuits adjust to the maximum levels, capture and then use that to inject into the storage bank. The storage bank itself has a commercial lifespan of over two decades.