Hey guys, I was just informed by one of our backers that someone else has tried to copy our idea and is running a campaign on Indiegogo claiming it is the first smart water bottle. You can see it here: <url>™ they can pre-order it on our website www.ilumibottle.com. GET HYDRATED™! Thanks guys! P.S. Also look for our vid update tonight with our engineer and a vid update on Saturday with our app developers!!! WE ARE GETTING CLOSE!!! Just wanted to post a quick comment telling you guys that I am currently working on a vid update for you all with our new PCB engineer and possibly our app developers if I can get them all in it! Keep checking back! Hey! I have a minute and wanted to clarify this before it gets out to far. The black cap was supposed to be an option on all rewards, not.the black bottle. The black bottle is only for people that pledged for the LE Ilumi. @Godsmissy Yes! We will be offering custom bottles once all of our kickstarter backers orders have been fulfilled. Please send me an email to <email> or to <email> and we can discuss our terms. Someone else brought up the glass bottles as well and if there is the demand for them we will do a line, but that is also why we introduced the stainless steel version for those that wanted to avoid the plastic. We are definitely keeping it in mind and seeing who would actually prefer glass and we will go from there! Thank you for the support!! It is much appreciated! @Daniel Awesome! Thank you so much for the support! You will be okay for now but please make sure you send us an email or note it when we send out the survey so we can make sure we get you both! Thanks again! @Chris Hey! Been a little since we talked! I am going to post an update either tonight or tomorrow addressing this so check back! @Josh Neal was correct, we were talking about getting a model for the backers to see, not the actual production line so you will be receiving your bottle. As far as your second question... I can't believe I did not catch that this entire time the project has been up... Black is an available color to choose for your bottle!!! I will definitely make sure that gets put in our update as well as I cannot believe I did not catch that the last 26 days :P It is supposed to be listed in all of the rewards as an option... #FacePalm It's funny when you think you have everything written out correctly and you miss something that simple this whole time. Also, yes the bottle is 24 oz. Thank you very much to Nikki and Neal for helping me maintain the comments page as I have been stacked with messages as we have literally tripled backers within 2 days. @Nikki The large spike as far as we can tell is from an article being written on us in the Idaho Business Review as well as Yahoo did an article on the top 10 projects on kickstarter and we were #9! :D So as you can see spreading the word is key these last 4 days! So everyone share anywhere you can and lets hit that 40k goal!!! :D If you have friends that do fitness blogs or things like that please send them our way!!!! @Dani Ilumi will be utilizing Bluetooth 4.0. The only other option we actually considered at the beginning was 3 but that will be phased out here within 6 months most likely and we would like to stay ahead of the curve, not behind. @Rajarshi We will offer more bottle colors down the road after all kickstarters have been fulfilled(and yes you guys will get a big discount for being our original backers) When they are offered we are looking to put them at $9 a bottle but with the discount it will be more like $5 including shipping to the US. Yes all of the tech is located in the cap. Thanks!! @Anthony As of right now all of our LEs are sold out, I would watch and see if a spot opens up. Send us a message though and we will watch and see if someone cancels or doesn't have a valid card on file after the project is funded so that would open a spot for you. Once again thank you everyone for the support I really appreciate it!!! To everyone that has sent me a message, I appreciate your patience so far I am trying to get through them as fast as possible, we just tripled in backers and so it has become a little more challenging. Fear not though, you will get a response! I promise! @Nikki We are planning on doing a cap with a straw down the road as many of you have requested one for running and such, as far as the loop goes we will put it on our to do ideas list and see if we can get an accessory/attachment for you soon after fulfillment is complete! @Christopher You got it! You will be able to choose colors in the survey, and you would just add the $15 to your pledge amount. We appreciate all the questions and support guys! Thank you! @ Craig Thank you I appreciate it! I also appreciate all the support! Of course right after you compliment me I am off for a week due to work... Irony. Thank you though I am going to try and keep it up! WOOT WOOT GOAL EXCEEDED!!! @Anna As of right now we don't have one ready for the bottle yet, but when all the orders are fulfilled and taken care of we already have some accessories and add-ons that will become available, a filter included! One of these accessories may actually be added as a stretch goal for the last week. @ Chayne and Shyam The LE is not currently double walled. Our cap is actually a unique design that no other bottle manufacturers use and so our cap will not fit on those bottles. As far as backers go on future purchases go, yes! We will be emailing out discount codes to everyone whenever we release a new product or accessory! @Tabitha Awesome! We love to see the excitement! We can't wait for you to get it! @ Brenden and Chan We agree! We just wanted to make sure we kept the value of the limited editions up, otherwise there was no point in having them. We are definitely going to find out on coating options that will give us a black stainless bottle and look and feel even better! Plus then we will get the Black and Lime Green look we wanted. Stay tuned on that. Not sure on the thermos version.. Haven't honestly really looked into it but we will put it on our list of things to take a look at down the road. Appreciate the feedback guys! Thanks again! @Chan Yes the previous LEs will be stainless steel as well and they will be silver. If you pledge for the LE and you were one of the first 100 backers of the project (I can still track this even if you change your pledge around) and we reach our stretch goal, then yes you would receive the shirt and stickers as well. @Mark and Brenden No they will all be the same LE bottle. We are currently trying to get a quote on possibly sand blasting and powder coating them black but we have not been able to get anything yet. As far as the upped pledges, they are the same, sorry for the confusion. Kickstarter makes it really hard to change anything (Which I don't blame them for as it protects the backers) on your project once something is claimed. Therefore when we upgraded to the stainless steel we were unable to change the verbiage on the current LE. There are still only 100 LEs available and they are all stainless steel. Sorry for the confusion, we hope this straightened it all out! @Christopher Having stainless steel available is a new venture for us with the ILUMI Bottle. Getting a full run is a lot easier than getting a single bottle and is much cheaper as well. Especially in steel. So far we have been quoted $1,200+ to have just a single bottle made. Therefore we are currently keeping everything digital until we are ready to go forward with the production run unless we can find a local Idaho company that would be able to machine it for under $250. If we will find one we will get one made and post an update so you guys can see it! (If anyone knows of a company or has some connections please let us know!) Until then you can check out the render in the "Design" section to get an idea of what it will look like. @chan no, kickstarter just does not allow us to change verbiage once a backer has the reward so we wanted to make sure there was one with the correct description. @Diana Hello! Thank you for the feedback! We will note that and if enough people request it we would be happy to look into making a glass version of the bottle. We are going to actually have a question specific for what you guys think we should do with the bottle next on the survey we send on Kickstarter. As far as the video goes, Yes! I apologize I keep forgetting to post it. Once I get home tonight I will hop on and upload it. I took one of my friend just dumping the water out so you guys could see the lip. In essence you drink out of it just like you would a normal glass but what is nice is that you don't have to deal with any of the threads that can make you spill water. I will get that on tonight for you! Thank you for reminding me! @Chris Love the excitement! We have a couple in place but hopefully a couple more will be coming out with our update once we hit goal! Yea Buddy! Haha Thanks for everyones support so far! Lets push over that 10K mark!!! @Vital Monitoring Solutions Thank you so much for the support! Awesome to see one business helping out another. You guys are awesome! Only $500 to go now! Thank you so much for the support! @Chilwd and Christopher Bryant It will come with a micro USB to standard USB cable. We are currently looking into providing international wall plugs, but due to how many different plugs there are we decided to start with just with the standard USB cord and go from there. @ R van de Ruit and James Awesome thank you we appreciate your support! We will make sure we get you two bottles! Would you mind sending us a private message as well as they are a little easier to track rather than trying to go through all of the comments. Thank you! @Chris Robacker I don't know how we didn't think of that before! THANK YOU! It is funny how obvious something seems when you missed thinking of it before. We love the Pebble watch idea, especially as that would keep your phone free throughout the day and be more convenient to check. This is something that WILL definitely happen! It is going to take a little bit longer to get this capability as we want to make sure we take care of everything that we started with first for our backers, and then we will periodically send updates out as they are developed. (If you take on too many projects at once and you can spread yourself thin) But it will be developed! Hope we got any questions that were in here! Thanks guys! @Neal and Craig No problem, we figure if you guys are going to put your money in you might as well get back what its worth from us! Yes, we have tried to plan ahead for most items, but there are always things anyone could miss so we appreciate you guys bringing things up! We appreciate all the support!!! @Mark We posted a FAQ for multiples. If you are located in the US it is just double like you did and then make sure you send us a message so we can document it. If you are international just do double add $5 extra on top of your other international shipping for the extra bottle. Thanks guys! Man that was a long one VVV :D @Craig The bottle tracks the intake itself and will store it until that night at midnight when it will reset itself so you can start the next days goal. You do not have to have a constant connection but it is easier that way as then it will update live and you can set your reminders and notifications. If you would want to stream music (I do as well while I am at work, I have an awesome little JBL Flip) you can just connect the bottle after you leave work and it will update for that day. We will look into adding at least a couple days memory to the bottle so it will be easier for the user though! We just do not want to over-promise on ILUMI and end up not being able to deliver due to costs as every change costs more money for manufacturing and software and engineering developement than we already planned for. We are determined to deliver to our backers so we can be back to offer you more great products! I am sure we shouldn't have an issue adding a few days memory at least, just at this point until we go into PCB finalization when the campaign is done I can't promise anything (That will also tell us what funds we have to work with). So as of right now the bottle is designed to keep it until midnight that night but keep your eye out for an update! As far as the Bluetooth goes we are planning on using 4 as yes it will affect some of those users temporarily but the majority of them will most likely update to new products within the next four months before we plan to start shipping anyway. Especially if the Note 3 and iPhone 5S/6 is released by then. We want the better battery life as this product would be useless if you always had to charge it and 4 will help provide a better quality device overall for our consumers with more seamless integration as new phones and devices are developed. We believe we will see a lot of shifts to new devices as a lot of other developers update their apps for the new iOS and they no longer work on the older devices. As far as your last question, we will be sending a survey out through Kickstarter. It helps improve the response rate from what we have seen as people are already on the site. As far as the percentage of response we would need to start manufacturing, the only thing that would be delayed would be the actual color caps. Everything else would already be known as we would know how many backers we had, how many limited edition black bottles we need, and how many white bottles. That way we can manufacture everything except the cap without even 1% backer input. If it comes down to the point that we are waiting on a small group of people just to have the caps made, we are already planning on having extra of all color caps made. Hopefully that way when they did respond we would have enough of their color. That way we avoid making the whole project and all the backers wait on a small portion who do not respond. Another challenge will be making sure everything is made up to the quality that we want for our backers and we do not want to deliver a sub par product. The other is obviously time (like any project). For that one we already added extra time to all steps in our plan to hopefully avoid any delays we might encounter. We don't see anything too major in our path that could cause that. We apologize we are a little slower on responding now, as we get more backers we obviously get more questions so it is just a slightly larger task. We appreciate all the support and our awesome backers! You guys rock! Keep sending us feedback or questions and we will get to them as soon as possible! Thansk! @Christopher and Chris You got it! I apologize, I had them posted before but took them down and forgot to put them back up! Appreciate the support a ton! Let me know if there is anything else I can do! @Matthijs No our threads are actually unique and go inside the bottle so you do not have any issues of leaking water while you drink. We are currently looking into the possibility of releasing some caps that have filters built in down the road so keep tuned even after our campain is done! @Stanley We will definitely look into that! We appreciate the feedback! Maybe we will be able to figure out a way you could import your Fitbit data into our app to make life easier... Definitely will be researched on our end, thanks again! @Anna We appreciate your excitement, because we are just as excited! No, that was a typo on our end, they are included in that first 100. I appreciate you pointing that out! Sometimes small errors happen when you are trying to organize a project like this and if people do not point them out they can cause major issues down the road if not corrected. Your eye is very much appreciated in this instance! We didn't forget about you #21! :D You will definitely get bumped up if we can hit our stretch goal! @Anthony The only black bottles are the limited editions, besides that all the bottles are white! Thank you!!! @Josh sorry to confuse you about that. We decided to add a 6th color to our lineup and so we thought we would let the early birds be able to choose between a second color besides black. So the serial numbers can choose, but only black and the other color that is selected. This makes it easier to get these bottles out first to our earliest backers since there are not as many colors to confirm. Thanks again for your support! @Sarah We LOVE our backers and we appreciate the support! We cant wait to get these into your hands!! @Brenden No unfortunately it is just the ILUMI, but it is still cheaper than you will be able to get them in stores, and in a color only 100 people will get! As far as your idea for the flashing option for safety at night we LOVE that idea! The first release of the app will not have that option but we are putting in into the works to be able to add it to an update soon after! Love the feedback! Thank you! @Simon Thank you! We can't wait to find out either! ;) @Toby Thank you for that, we didn't think of that aspect when creating it. We will gladly add a US/UK toggle to switch between the two. Thanks for the awesome feedback! @Neal Cooper We will work to get a FAQ submitted covering all of that information for you by tomorrow in case anyone else has the same question. The bottle will be powered by a rechargeable battery, our target battery life is 4-7 days (Depending on how large of a battery we are able to cram into the cap). In our prototype we were able to power the bottle for 3.5 weeks straight due to the minimal draw from LEDs but we were not using the full width of the BT capability yet. The bottle has an LED ring that changes color according to how many bottles you have consumed, you can also receive reminders, notifications, and live updates on your phone/device! Hope that answers what you were asking for! @Yoon Kim Yes! Android as well as iOS! @Anthony Yes! We would be happy to post some more pictures! We will get them up for you to see by Wednesday! Our backers are AWESOME!!!! 19 Backers within 3 hours of getting up onto Kickstarter! LOVE IT! Thanks guys! Lets keep it going! @Tanya Murphy. Awesome! We appreciate the support and we are glad you love it just as much as we do!!! :D