Jost, I will check on it and let you know. Christopher, like some other open source projects we have an "open source" version of the Android software which is available on github. It is currently at version 0.60. We also have a "free as in beer" version which is available compiled and is currently at version 0.86. Marcel is also working on a paid version of the Android software with advanced features which will probably be at version 1.0 when it is released. All three versions are updated at different times and will have different version numbers. Sorry for the confusion. Christopher, if you have an Android App problem you would like to report you can open a new issue on GitHub at <url>örg, there is no declaration of conformity for the kit since you are the manufacturer. :-) It is a collection of components. Components: The regulations apply to electrical equipment. In general, components are not covered by the regulations. Only components which are in themselves electrical equipment need to satisfy the requirements of the regulations and, in particular, bear European Conformity (CE) marking. As far as I know most if not all of the other kits sent to Germany had no customs problems. The Assembled units have a declaration in the manual and a link to the full CE test report. DennisK, it has been taking 1 to 3 weeks for most international shipments. I will check with the USPS to see if they can find anything more out. You may also be able to contact your local Customs office with the Customs ID number. Naoki, dou itashimashite. :-) Pyro Kinetics, thanks we will check into the Invalid Double error. Robert, the second sensor would make a larger sensing area. The sensor part number is MLX90620ESF-BAB-000-TU Konstantin, It will not work with an iPhone 4 at all. It will work with an iPhone 5 but it will not show up in the Bluetooth scan since iOS doesn't use BLE devices the same way as Bluetooth 2 devices. You don't need to pair it, you should be able to just open the IR-Blue app and it will connect automatically. Though if it is paired to an Android phone and the phone is nearby it may connect to that and then stop advertising BLE for the iPhone. Nick, I'm sorry you don't like it. If you would like more information about the Mu Optics device and if it will ever actually ship please see: <url>"first article" from the assembly house. That is the first few kits off the line, I then assemble a couple and test them. If everything is fine then the line is already set up and waiting for my approval. After that it should only take a couple of days to get the kits packaged and ready to ship. So as long as everything goes well (which we have already pretty much verified) then kits will ship next week. hfb, the kits will start shipping the first week in June. The assembled units will ship the 3rd or 4th week in June. Jörg, we are working with the certification testing lab to get everything right for labels, certification statements, included documentation and the manual. Sorry to hear about the trouble with the Pebbles, we will do everything we can to prevent a repeat of that. Christopher, that is mainly so Marcel doesn't get a bunch of "it doesn't work" support requests from people that don't already know what the app is for. ALi, FCC and CE testing is scheduled for this Wednesday and Thursday. I'll will post an update when it is done. Brian, fully assembled units are looking good for mid to late June. Kits are looking like late May. We should have a pretty solid timeline for everything early next week and I will post a complete update then. Robert, there is already a slightly indented center point and circle on the inside of the case for the second sensor. Erebo, I can probably point you in the right direction, just use the Contact me link at the right and I'll help you find the right module. Seth, the kits will have the bluetooth module and the PIC processor already on the board. The PIC will already have the firmware on it. Erebo, it is Swordfish compiler. Ed, good to hear. Github would be best for reporting issues. Ed, the Android Beta is available now. Please see <url>˚F then people are much harder to see at anything more than a few feet. You don't have to use this with a phone at all if you don't mind some programming, you can take the data from the IR-Blue and use it with whatever you can get it connected to. Christopher, hottest and coldest is on the the display but does not indicate the specific pixels at this point. The other ideas are all great but some of them will probably have to wait for after the initial release. Thanks. Alexandre, It will be a little while more as we work on finalizing features and performance and get the starter code ready. Thanks everyone! Seth, thanks we are working on shortening the lead time for the sensors. If we can get it done and to you faster we will. We just have to assume the 20 week lead time and go from there. Will, yes after looking back at Nigel's comment again I think you are are right. I am sorry about that Nigel, I think I crossed my answer to you with another I was writing in an email about a higher resolution sensor. I will see about creating additional reward levels for kit and assembled + 1 extra sensor. I'm not sure I can save you that much though. Casey, yes the sensor will be direct mounted to keep alignment and assembly simple and to keep the case thin. Nigel, thanks! We would love to be able to do that but the options are slim and expensive. They are also not drop in replacements for the current sensor . Arne, the datasheet is here. <url>˚ so for example at 10 inches each pixel is measuring an area of 0.65 inches. To begin with at least you can only take pictures, we may be able to add video later but it will be a little while. There isn't much room for a resolution increase at this point. I am always looking into options but the price of sensors and/or lenses is much more and not really practical unfortunately. Nigel, it has Fahrenheit and Celsius but not Kelvin at the moment. Adding that is pretty easy. Mark, we are working on another one. Erik, I do not believe Melexis has provided the spectral range. I can try to find that out but I'm not sure if they want it made available. Philippe, it is a very interesting feature and I'd like to add it but I can't say how long it will take to implement at this point. Dave, thanks but Kickstarter's new rules don't allow offering multiple quantites of rewards for things like this. hfb, Even if we reach the stretch goal I am leaning towards offering a choice of the 3 boards for PCB Backers. The Bluetooth 4 board without an extra processor, the Bluetooth 2 with a PIC, or the dual mode with a PIC. The PCB level is for people who are comfortable handling parts and equipment sourcing, SMT soldering and loading firmware. The kit and fully assembled unit will have firmware already loaded but upgradeable. hfb, Are you building for iPhone or Android? The board that is posted now is for iPhone and Bluetooth 4. It does not use an Arduino it uses the BLE112 processor only. You need to have a TI CC Debugger to load the firmware. Minuk, Being able to switch out the Bluetooth module would be nice but it would also raise complexity and manufacturing costs by more than the cost of just using a dual mode module. The refresh rate used in the video is 4Hz so the sensor is reading 4 times a second. The problem with increasing the refresh rate is the sensitivity goes down. I would like to make the sensor refresh rate easily adjustable but that is going to take a bit of work. It's on the list of future features though. Kane, for the PCB only option soldering the Bluetooth module does require more advanced soldering skills to line up and solder if you are using an iron. You could also use any form of DIY surface mount soldering like skillet or toaster oven if you are experienced in that. For the Kits, the Bluetooth module will already be soldered in place. Thanks. Niels, we have the goal set for the dual mode Bluetooth. Let's see if we can get there! Richard, it would be interesting to see how it works but the prototype lens seem a little expensive if it doesn't work well. Thanks for the info. Richard, thanks we will see where it goes. :-) I have not tried finding lenses that would work with it. It would be interesting if there is an affordable lens that could be used, they would need to not block the far infrared wavelength. On a UAV you would be able to interface with it using bluetooth if the UAV controller supported that, You may be able to overlay the data on a camera in the UAV too. Field of View at typical UAV distance must still be considered though. At 100 ft each pixel is averaging the temperature of a 6.5ft x 6.5ft area. Richard, I did look at the GridEye but the 8x8 grid has a 60˚ FOV so that makes the pixels twice as wide and tall as the MLX90620. The MLX90620 is 16 pixels wide in 60˚ but the Grideye is 8 pixels wide in 60˚. Also, you could add more sensors but it's a cost to benefit equation that needs to be considered. Wizzard, interesting ideas. We will have to look into them, this is an open source project so that may be a good thing for the community to look into. Rob, the sensor display is scaled to match the view of the camera. This could be scaled up but the image would scale up too. Patrick and Rob, thanks for the stretch goal suggestions. I am trying to finalize the move to a dual mode Bluetooth 2 and Bluetooth 4 module so there is only one version of the hardware. I am almost there, just trying to get the price break for quantity that we need. Alasdair, The early beta source code for iOS is available at <url>