Middleca- It is possible to carefully remove the key and shave it down with a razor, however, we don't recommend that. We can replace the keyboard with a new one. Please email us at <email>. Thanks! Emmett, When we first came up with the idea for the iZen Bamboo Bluetooth keyboard we were tailoring it for use on the iPad and other future Apple Devices, since Apple was and still is the industry leader in the tablet/smartphone market. So we figured every Apple device owner could use another white cable to use on all of their devices. You know, to keep it standard for the large Apple iPad/iPhone market share population. But since then, Google and others started coming out with really good tablets and smartphones, and we’ve found many other device type owners love our iZen keyboard too. So we are looking at the micro USB for future versions, since almost all smartphone companies are moving to the standard cable, in the near future. Thanks for your suggestion, and thanks for being a customer! Joseph, glad you are having fun rearranging the keys. Please post a pic on our facebook page so we can see it! Thanks for the positive comments everyone! We have now shipped 90% of the rewards. We still have to ship a few of the higher level rewards, and some people who haven't sent in their address yet. Keep in touch by liking us on facebook (www.facebook.com/izenbamboo). Alex/Ulrich, Sorry we don't have a ship date yet. The factory should be shipping the keyboards to us at the end of this month, and we will get them out as soon as we can. It should definitely be sometime in July. Thanks for your patience! Chris, Thanks for letting us know about this. We will send you an email to further discuss. Denis, The first batch has not shipped out. We are going through our quality control checks and will begin sending rewards next week. However, we have a limited number of keyboards available to ship now, so most will be shipping in mid-June. We expect to get more keyboards in early next week and will start shipping out the following week after our quality control check. We sent the address survey to the $85 reward level today and will send it out to the remaining reward groups when we know the ETA of the stands. Next week's shipment has 100 keyboards, so the rest will ship in June as planned. We are also working on offering a keyboard sleeve made with zero plastic, zero waste and zero electricity! We will let you know when we have more news! Katie, The stand is meant to work for iPads and other tablets. Yes, backers can add additional keyboards (with & without stands) by increasing their pledge amount. You can add $85 for an additional keyboard, $100 for a keyboard and stand, or $15 for a stand. Thanks for the suggestion Tom! I will send this via an update in a few days, just in case some people don't read the comments section. We do not currently have a sleeve for the keyboard, but that is something we are working on and will offer in the future. What a great first day! Thanks so much to everyone who has pledged so far. Please help us keep spreading the word, we still have a long way to go!