@Riverflower we are thrilled to hear about your experience! Thank you so much for the feedback, the types of comments like yours make it all worth it for us at Zivix. Satisfied customers like you are what makes it possible for us to keep developing and we thank you for it. Sriram, We have a lot of tricks and suggestions when people run into latency issues as it is normally quite fixable. We have laid them all out in the attached document link. <url>"lefties" so we may have some additional goodies in the future. Happy Holidays to you and everyone as well! All of us at the Jamstik Team Hi Matt - We apologize that we haven't been active here on the Kickstarter page, but want you to know we have heard you. The lefty strap plugs were meant to be inserted into different holes than the standard plugs, and we have a short video demonstrating this here: <url>"return to sender" initiated, and we have never actually seen any come back. To be sure, we will get you a jamstik but please contact them as there will be customs as you know. Peter, thank you again, for your kind remarks. We had contacted Djarn and explained where we are at with Android M as it is exciting news that they want to join the MIDI revolution, but as you point out, we were as transparent as we could be and we will continue to be! Thanks so much! Richard, Actually we are shipping a replacement for you today, as we promised. DHL information has been sparse, although we have seen 8 delivered last week and 7 this week, from the June shipments as DHL had told us they "found" many in China and were transporting. Tracking does not yield any meaningful informaton as you know, so Australian June customers, please message us when you receive, or if you want a replacement sent. We are shipping about 20 today so our list is small. Again, Richard, when you do receive the other one, which we believe you will at some point, please donate it to a worthy cause, friend or relative and accept our sincere apologies for this debacle for you few who were early supporters and have not received! Thanks! Your Jamstik Support Team Good news on the Australian Customer shipments for some who have been waiting since June. Over the past 3 days, 7 units from this "lost shipment" have been delivered! DHL finally advised us that they had an "IT issue" but then they said they recently found many in China, and these units are the ones being delivered. We do not have any more details than that, and are still preparing to ship replacement units later this week to those who have asked or want to receive them as two months is long enough to wait. We do believe your units will show up at some point, but in the spirit of our campaign, we would recommend that you donate them to a school, music therapy, music teaching, childrens hospital or someone deserving when they arrive. We were hoping to ship them early this week, but the replacement units were just completed and are on their way to our East Coast fulfilment partner. We will continue to monitor, but wanted to share that good news that we have found as we check tracking information. Thank you. Djarn, We are sorry if we mislead you and obviously can provide you a full refund, and are messaging you, but it does work with Windows MIDI via USB and many musicians use it with Pro-tools and other apps, and it does work via USB with many android, although our apps are not supportive, yet. The original jamstik and the jamstik+ actually do work well with USB into the Samsung 6 and some other devices, with very little latency, but their are numerous Android devices as you know and many do have high latency. The key featue of the Jamstik+, in addition to the Fishman pickup, is support of Bluetooth LE 4.0. You may be aware that the new Android M is offering MIDI support and if you take a look at the following article you will see how exciting this development is. many of our team members here use Android and PC and we are actually working to add support right now as we are as excited as others. <url>"lost" several that they now have found in China from June Shipments to Austraila. One of your country mates in Camberwell, Victoria received his last night and it had been in the same shipment group as yours. If you do not hear good news this week, our replacement units for you and others will be ready to air ship early next week. One way or another, you and other Australian backers who have been waiting due to carrier problems, will receive a jamstik in the next few weeks. You all have our deepest apologies, along with a few others in Faroe Islands and other locations. Best Regards - The Jamstik Support Team Clinton, We just messaged you. DHL came back late last week, first saying they had an IT issue and had lost some of the shipments, especially for AU, and then later, that they had "found" a number of them in China and were arranging transport. We have not been able to get any update this week and are building up replacements for you and all others that shipped in June that we do not believe have been delivered. We will keep you posted and again, our deepest apologies to all, as you were early backers and that is why we shipped yours first in June! We promise we will get you your jamstiks. Adrian, thanks for the note and we sent you a message as well. It is great to you are in Australia and have received one from June shipment and now one from August, via two different carriers. Great to have your support and that of all of our backers! Thanks1 Thanks Lynn, Glad you received the one. We just messaged you the response on your unit. Looks like you will have by Friday. Have a great week! Kayla, a new battery was shipped special air via USPS earlier this week. We just messaged you your tracking number. Our apologies to both you and Pascal. Pascal we just sent you a message as we have the addressing confusion corrected. The fulfillment company is not set up to handle umlaut's and thus they have just switched to letters for your address/shipment. Please send all requests to our email address of <email>! Thanks! Gary, your replacement battery was shipped earlier this week and should arrive shortly. We messaged you the tracking number. Cameron, you are correct, you won't notice changes on the body itself, but we did a lot of software work and actually had to change the main board to accomodate the mag pickup sensing and other intricacies. We have left handed players in our office and tested as well as we could, but with Left Handed users about 3% of our total, 81 out of 3000, so a new mold, which costs several thousand dollars, would have doubled the price, We wanted to offer the "Lefty" at the same price as others, so yes, we had to take a short cut. We do have some plastic inserts that we can ship that help with the strap, as we have been playing around with a solution internally. For you or any other left handed user who is not happy, we will certainly provide a full refund if you want to send it back to us. We will have a team member contact you Cameron and thanks! Thanks Samuel! Siaw Woon Chong and Kayla, we sent you messages, but everything is already on its way. Yours were some of the units held up due to the explanations below. Also, we have good news for many of the Australians that were shipped in June. DHL has told us yesterday that they had lost track, and now they have located in China and are readying for transport to Australia! Great news for all! We will keep you posted through messaging. Enjoy your day! The Jamstik Support Team. Peter and Deok, Thank you for this information, as this was new information on your shipment Peter and we had just been notified by DHL on Deok's unit. Our apologies for the confusion on your shipments. Deok, we have shipped you a replacement battery, with approved labeling, etc., and Peter, we are shipping you one today, and sent you a private note as well. We are working with DHL on the remaining items. They finally informed us today that due to an IT issue and compounded by the perfomance of one of their contracted carriers, the many units from our June shipments to a number of Australian customers is missing. They have this issue expedited up to the highest levels. Again, we will be messaging each individual as we resolve. Thanks! The jamstik Team. K-jc81, hayoon, new replacement batteries have been air shipped via USPS to you, along with a private message as you had two units where DHL customs official removed the cell phone battery from your package prior to letting it continue as we have noted to some others. Apologies for that. Zubair. The concert is officially over as yours did leave Germany on August 13th, minus the battery as well. Your battery will arrive soon as you know! Thanks for your patience as we work through these final delivery "opportunities". Thanks. Jessie and Samuel. we sent you messages, but your jamstiks are on the way, finally as you can see from the recent tracking, so you should have later this week. Tuan and Grant, you are correct in that we have not received any additional information on your units and we declared 3 days ago in our comment below, that we would ship you a replacement if you are one who's unit had shipped in June and you have not received. Our problem in transparency, is that we are not "officially" the shipper, as it is our fulfillment partner Fulfillrite that has that title. We have been working with them and just sent them again this evening, what we believe is a complete list of units that we still have not heard back on, and yes, both of your units are on that list. We will be shipping you new replacements this week, as that is the right thing to do, as we have worked very hard to have a great reputation for our service and are going to keep that up as you deserve it. Thanks all. Markus, We just sent you a message as our Jamstik is fully CE approved, but we have had some inspectors who do not approve of either how we packaged the cell phone battery that we include or our labeling is incorrect, on a few of our shipments, so any inforrmation you can share will be helpful. We use the equivalent to a Samsung Galaxy II lithium battery as we have for two full years and we have REACH certification as well. Our apologies but we will work with you to get you your jamstik+. Thanks1 Craig, That is great to hear! Your unit finally left DHL in Frankfurt on July 30, and actually does show it arriving in Australia on August 14, so there is hope for others! It does not show it delivered, yet, in the tracking, but man, Thank YOU! Yes, with the long shipments and heat, plsu the fact the boxes were freshly printed, we have seen some "blue marks" from the box on the whites, but it does come off easily with rubbing alcohol, or White Magic Eraser in your case. We heat tested everything but the boxes. Thanks for sharing. Enjoy your day and your jamstik+! You made our evening! Actually Vincent, a lot of people have their jamstiks and you will soon in China! Sending you a message. We have good news for you! We've answered most of you with messages, but Clayton, we wanted to let you know that we were able to catch the Lefty that is set to ship to you next Tuesday at the latest, as all of the Lefties will go by then, including Keith and Djarn. It is now switched to Right. Ryan, Colin, Greg, Andrew, others in AU, whose units were shipped in June. We know you are tired of the excuses and we are really bummed as you were some of our earliest backers. Your units and those of some of your countrymen have somehow been hijacked into the outback or something? Time for action on our part, if you do not receive by next Monday, we will be sending new ones via USPS if requested by you. We can figure out how to handle the others if/when they arrive, but thinking it may make a good gift for you to present to a local school or other worthy recipient. I know my brother would take one, if I had an extra:) You more than deserve this. The only consolation is that you will at least receive yours prior to there going on sale at retail locations late this Fall and you paid less. Samuel, your blue one did beat the black, but at least the Black is almost there! Thanks all! Check out the new update that was just sent out and please fill in your surveys for us as you are the best group of supporters and early adopters anyone could imagine! We want to make your experience The Best! Appreciate all of your support! Richard, Thank you for that, and you and our other customers in Australia have every right to be upset! You were among our first backers, and we have let you down! You were one of the first 200, and the shipments we made in mid to late June have not been getting delivered in your country and we have over 20 of you waiting. We used a fulfillment company as our manufacturer is set up for high quality manufacturing, not shipping, and with 65 countries and customs paperwork the obvious selection was made to use a large fulfillment company, located on East Coast of US. They recommended the shipper and we went with them, not realizing they would be on strike from Mid-June to early July in Germany and that all of our international shipments would go thru that hub. The result has been especially disrupting for Australian customers and some others in your region. The good news is that a few units have been delivered in the past week and nealy all of the Hong Kong, Japan and Korea, other units are moving quickly now. We are checking daily on yours and others. We have requested again, a full explanation from DHL and promise we will get you a jamstik as you purchased and we owe you big time. This is our number one issue at this time, and we want to address it and not keep giving estimates. Dan, as you know, your unit is in UK and you should receive this week. Wish we could say that for others. Also all shipments since end of July have been via USPS for anyone with new shipments as you know. Thanks. Messages to all of you on shipping methods, tracking numbers,etc., as all of the Backer units except lefties have been shipped! Parisri, we are on it! Have gotten most of them released, but help us with the message and request we sent. Finally, thanks for all of the comments below. Pretty cool to receive three messages, one from Hong Kong, one Ireland and one from South Korea about how you like your jamstiks! Nothing like having an International community having some fun and sharing information. We will be sending out a survey to all of you later this week as we really want to know how we can make your experience better. Remember, the weather gets cold and snowy in Minnesota in the Winter, so we need some cool projects to work on and bet you can help us figure out the ones most important for so many of you! Thanks again for your patience and comments! We are happy to be meeting our deadlines and that you are all finally getting shipments now that the DHL Labor strike is settled. Messages addressing questions sent to all recent, and appreciate the kind words John, and we share your comment. Good news is DHL is really starting to catch up and for recent shipment appear to be moving more quickly. Unfortunately, Australia and some other locations seem to take longer than others for a lot of carriers. Exploring all options for future! Glad to see so many of you receiving units, although we are still working with you on yours Tuan, but should have meaningful news soon this week. Again, go to jamstik.zendesk.com for all of your support Q&A and helpful "how to video's" along with any other action items for us. Thanks! We have responded to all you with messages, as you know, and for Kei and Zubar and any others who receive a letter from DHL regarding Lithium batteries (we use a standard rechargeable cell phone battery) please send us a private message with their reference number so that we can also assist you in geting your package delivered to you. Fortunately it is rare, but on top of the strike, it has been inconvenient for a few of you and we will try to make it up to you. Thanks! Thank you for the recent comments. Adrian, great to hear and we have to admit the DHL strike was tough for our customers and us. Many like you in Australia are finally getting packages that were shipped back in June. Guan, we sent you a couple of tips that should help and Max, yes, it will make it to you in time for the important occasion your purchased it for, we believe. Thanks! Great to hear Inti. Chan Ho, we are tracking and sent you a note. We will make sure they get it to you in Hong Kong. Thank you both. Thanks all for your comments and confirming your receipt of your reward! We sent message to those asking for tracking number, etc., but did want to respond to Matt that Lefties will be shipping from our Fulfillment partner the first 7 to 10 days of August if not before. We are very close, but are doing internal testing and also with other Lefties in our area, to make sure the characteristics match those of the righty in terms of features and playabiity. Enjoy your weekends and happy to see so many in Hong Kong receiving and having some fun! Thank you all for the comments below as we have answered all along the way here. Many Jamstiks actually were delivered today, and others quite soon as the new information we sent to many reflects. Please continue to ask us, private or here and let us know of any concerns that we may address,. We really value your support and want to continue to earn it. We labored long and hard to make this a very good product and believe we are just getting started in adding more capability for you. aWe encourage your feedback at jamstik.zendesk.comf on what new features you want, especially in the software interfaces. We are busy with the last Blue Jamstik only, a few Whites and then the lefties, and hitting our deadlines in spite of some delays. Appreciate your patience. Enjoy your weeks. Marcelo, We will contact DHL as there are new requirements for Lithium batteries effective 1/1/2015, and will make sure we are fully compliant with their policies, so we can better assure you and others, as someone might be interpreting incorrectly. We still need to have you send the letter so we can find out the origination point. Thank you for your prompt notification. We will be back with a message to you later. Marcelo, The Lithium battery is not energized, thus it is okay for transport. We put it in a separate plastic bag with the Battery cover and ship it enclosed in that as required by law. Please forward the letter they sent to you, to <email>, so we can contact them. Thank you. Bernard, looks like it is getting closer, sent you a note. Justin, yours slipped out early, before we had the shortage on the Blue bodies, and we had completed units with cases, but glad you received! Replacements for the scratched are in and units being built, so end of July shipment should be made for all Blue and White, with and without case, right hand. Thanks all! Just sent you messages Kwok and Rahul. Oxff, glad you found and good info for others looking as well. Thanks. Tim- Resent. Thanks! Nafers, we meant rather than Dan. Apologies. Laurent. Thank you for those comments! We are pleased you are happy. Yes, you do need to watch a couple videos but looks like you are navigating well! The trick with Sample Tank is to go to the right hand side of the Jamstik+ app and and go to mode controls in the middle, then select Single Channel as Sample Tank and other apps use single channel MIDI rather than Multi. Here is one minute overview that may be handy. Other apps will use similar but never consistent, so we allowed choice in our app. Hpe that helps! <url>"Lefty" knows it is still a "Lefty". Simple things that are very hard to rectify once they ship. Still looking at early August for shipments for all Lefty units! Thanks all! Thanks all. We have replied to all of the latest questions here and on the internal message board. Again, Aaron and others, we apologize for the hold up due to the DHL strike, but again, that is now settled and products for you and others are all starting to move with many being delivered daily. Yes Robin, a limited number of the Blue with Cases were shipped yesterday and many more will be going out over the next week. Also, Whites will begin limited shipping later this week as well. We had a few units we rejected do to marred finish, but expediting replacements to still meet July manufacturing/ship. Lefties still looking like early August as originally promised. Ting-Yao Chang and Ali, You both ordered Blue Jamstiks and those will just start shipping this month as we promised in the campaign. We will send you an email with tracking when they go out. Very soon, we believe! Thank you. Tedeu, sent you a couple messages. Shoud have you covered. Thanks for letting us know. Laurent, You are doing it correctly. It takes a little while to track after it is intially shipped on occasion, but you should be good. Kurt, thanks for the feedback. We asked a lot of people and also had some physical limitations due to circuitry and reliability, so the final location worked out the best considering all factors. Love hearing how we can improve, so keep letting us know suggestions. Thanks! Inti- We just sent you your tracking info again, with a private message. It is on its way. Seyha For you and any others who might need a refresher on how to connect to Bluetooth go to this link and it will explain everything you need to do. A short video on how to connect to bluetooth. Hint: No WIFI connection needed, so you may have downloaded the Jamstik Connect for WIfi rather than the Jamstik+ app. Lots of other helpful short "How to's" at jamstik.zendesk.com <url>"Processing Completed at Origin" and it never changes. Look to the right hand side if that happens as a new link and tracking code, will be generated from those carriers and you can click there to find out more info. Sometimes not very specific but helpful, as it will show progress. We have not had any lost as far as we know, but we will obviously make good if one is lost. Krishna, we are sending a message to you now. We will air ship tomorrow, once we determine what you are missing. Thanks for letting us know. Olivier, We are still tweaking the accelerometer feature set and will be testing as we want it to be rock solid when we release it. We will be providing and update in July for sure. It is definitely on the list as we did commit to it as a stretch target. Again, for those looking for shipment info, we are messaging you privately with that as most of you know. Thanks all! Thanks Iain and Henry, it is better to received private messages on shipments. All of the below have been sent one with updated info. White and Blue will be built and shipped in July, Lefties toward end of July/early August and Black, if you have not received an email with tracking, you will very soon, as the last ones are heading to the East Coast for individual packing and shipping today. Some overseas will be a bit longer due to various requirements, but all black have been manufactured and tested and will be on their way to you soon! Many units are shipping today so some will receive tracking within 24 hours, such as LAIR. Thank YOU. Scott, you ordered a lefty black, and it is looking like late July for yours, as those look like they will be moved up from August, but for sure, we will meet our August promise on left handed! Enrique, we are tracking as well. Your unit has a tracking number, but for some deliveries, we do not get day to day up dates. We have a couple others like it, but we will continue to monitor as well. Thanks for letting us know. Herman, yours actually shipped to you in Hong Kong on June 24th, and you should have received an email with tracking, but we just resent it to you on messages here. Roger, yours is shipping this week and others are Blue, which will go out before the end of July. Thanks Iain. Actually, since we have all of the parts in house, the schedule is a bit shorter, but does show your knowledge of the whole process well! Thanks all! JY LEE, We do not have a completed survey from you, and do not have your address until you complete that for us. Toralf, it seems that sometimes the updates from DHL vary depending on area. BC, Canada has been a bit slow and a few others, but they have been doing an excellent job delivering for many. We will continue to monitor for you and others and encourage you to do the same. Jin, thank you again, for your message. Much appreciated by all of us. Thanks all. Joey, Unfortunately, there is not a place to track within the Kickstarter system, but since you ordered a Blue Jamstik, and had a higher backer number, yours will be shipping mid to late July as promised in our campaign and you will receive an email with tracking when it is released to USPS priority for US shipment. International is all DHL at this time. Hope that helps. Thanks so much for backing our project! Thomas, we just sent you a message with info. Jin, Troy and others. Thank you! We are deeply appreciative for the support from this community. You have our full commitment to the present product and future enhancements, particularly in increased functionality with the software and in interfacing with other apps, and adding more ourselves. But first. We need to get all of them out to you and are more than halfway through on that promise! jin, We have sent you a message and will be picking up the discussion with you as our extensive testing of various apps has not reflected high latency, although some apps and platform add more than others as you know. We believe we can assist you off line and report back to others if there is a new FAQ needed to help others. Thanks for bringing this up and for the comments, but we want you to have a much better experience than high latency. Thanks. Andy Holmstom, You ordered a right handed unit, so you should be good if you play as Iain states, strum with right, fret with left. Let us know and we can change if you like, as your order has not shipped out yet. But please message us quickly if you want to change to left for some reason. Thanks! John, we really appreciate your comment! Tiogshi, you make a good point, as we do want to reserve this for constructive conversations, and would like to get separate emails asking on specifics on shipping, etc., but we cannot give tracking info if it has not shipped yet. And no, we are certainly not Amazon. We try to respond within 4-8 hours depending on your time zone to those individual messages and have privately messaged all of those below with more details. Even if you had a low backer number, if you selected Blue, White or Lefty, none of those will go in June as stated in the campaign. Keep the comments and questions coming, but for shipment, just shoot us a message and we will get you square! Thanks All! David - We are answering your question here as it may come up for others and is a simple thing to resolve. The JamTutor default is indeed Steel String guitar - we will definitely be adding in more sounds in the future! The Jamstik+ App does change back to classical because Jamstik+ and JamTutor are two separate apps, and it will remember the last tone you switched to in Jamstik+. If you would like to use the Jamstik+ App Sounds in JamTutor do the following: 1. Open Jamstik+ App 2. Tap on the Menu in the top right corner 3. Scroll down to Play In Background Option and Toggle ON The Jamstik+ app and whatever sound you want will now play in the background when minimized 4. Go to JamTutor 5. Tap Options 6. In the slide-out menu, You will see Jamstik Volume 7. Turn volume all the way OFF Now your Jamstik+ App sound will be running instead of the default Steel String Sound! Hope this helps. Hello All, When your jamstik+ leaves our fulfillment center, you WILL get an email notification within 24 hours after release. We are still on track to build all black + right handed jamstik+'s by the end of next week (June 31) Due to a few extra days in the process of shipping them to our fulfillment center in New Jersey, some of the later backers may not receive shipment notifications until the first week of July, and due to some international paperwork, may be a bit later for these backers. Remember, if you ordered a Blue or White jamstik+, production on those does not begin until the black models have been finished. In summary, no one should have ANY reason to worry about delivery or somehow not receiving their reward. Our delivery dates of June and July will have been met with a 90-95% accuracy, and we appreciate your patience if you receive it any later than our estimated delivery dates. Please message us privately with any individual concerns. As mentioned, we'd like this comments area to be reserved for any customer issues that are important for all to see. Thanks! Christopher, yours is shipping in a few days, it is at our fulfillment partner and you will get an email within 24 hours after they release it with tracking number. Jeffrey, you were an early backer, but selected Blue and those will not ship until July as we stated in the program. They were special order as you know. Michael, we can definitely get you a refund once it is returned. You can use a USB cable to connect it directly to your older macbook pro as many do in the studio use for quick connect, and if you have a Samsung 6 Phone, it will connect well with cable and their app, with low latency, but our apps are not supported. Message us privately or go to jamstik.com/support and submit a ticket and we will be happy to find a resolution. Thank you all. Peter Allen, Hema and Zirui, You should have your units soon! Peter Allen, yours was built last week, and is in transit to the East Coast of US for final packing and shipping to you later this week. An email is sent a no more than a day after shipment. Zirui, it looks like your replacement was delivered to your residence about 30 minutes ago. Hema, yours is now produced as well and will ship shortly. For all others, please know that we will be providing a firmware update very soon! It may take as long as 20 minutes to download, but it is very important that you do so, as it corrects some volume boosts and triggers as well as adding additional traditional features for a richer guitar playing experience. And, yes, Xavier, we are really pleased that Jamtutor is now live on the app store! Troy, cool, glad you like! Emjay-in the mail today! Thanks All! Cas, Kayla, we sent you separate messages rather than reply here. If anyone has specific questions, please message us separately and we can respond fairly quickly. We try to monitor weekends and will do our best to respond. Also, for all of the fathers out there, hope you have a great Father's Day! Best Regards! The Jamstik Team. One clarification - Left Handed Black Jamstiks will not be shipping in June, as those who purchased are aware - it is looking promising they will make July! Also, if you ordered two Jamstik+ units, and selected one as Black-Righty and the other as Blue or White, we will be shipping your black, right handed unit in June and the other when it becomes available in July. Right means, picking with right hand as you all know, but just clarifying one more time. Thanks! The JS Crew. Benjamin, Adi, Torolf, and all. Please, no worries as we will meet our commitments! We promised shipment of Black Jamstiks in June and will have all of them completed and tested by the end of this month, even those who ordered for a later date. We do have to ship to a fulfillment company in another state, so some may slip into the first week of July for final shipment to you, as it takes a few days to handle packing and addressing and proper paperwork. Please know we are trying to ship first orders as they were received, but we have a lot of tiers. Some backers came in later and claimed an early bird slot when another backer moved to another tier or cancelled, and thus they made it into that early grouping, but we really try to be fair for first backed, first shipped! Hope that helps! Also, we did ship a few units in a higher tier of straight jamstik+ Black, righty only, as we were a bit short on cases the first 10 days, The first early bird with cases are going out tomorrow, and a lot of International Jamstik only went out today, with many more of each next week. We had to wait on a special International sticker, which we ordered to assist in clearing EU and other customs quicker, but that is resolved. Finally, check your backer numbers, as some who believe they are early bird, have numbers in the 3000 range and thus others will naturally go earlier. Again, thanks for backing us! PKane, You can go ahead and play it, just do not try to do the upgrade until we give the go ahead in the next few days. Jin-we will be in touch! Thanks! We will be providing an update tomorrow or Saturday for sure. Just doing some final testing. Best Regards! The Jamstik Team. @Keith - Forecast shows early August for lefties! @Emily - Glad you are digging it and thanks for being an awesome and active backer.. As LH mentions, JamTutor should be live as soon as Apple approves the update! @Jin - We really appreciate the iOS 9 beta info, it has to do with our apps being built for 32 bit vs 64 bit architecture. We are aware and will be ready for the transition. Perhaps you'll like to beta test when we do. In regards to the performance, yes our prepared firmware update is going to vastly improve performance as it represents almost 2 months of optimization. Thanks to some hard work on the engineers end it should be ready to go very soon! We'll also be releasing plenty of tutorial videos in the next week to make sure everyone understands all of the features, settings, and how to get the most out of their product. We'll be back with an update for everyone towards the end of the week! Thanks, -Matt Ivan, did you look underneath the jamstik+? The battery, cables, strap, and picks should be underneath the cardboard insert that holds the jamstik+ in place. I really hope we didn't let this get through without them.. let us know and if somehow they were missed, you'll have a new set on the way in the morning! -Matt Thanks everyone. Maaz, we disabled the hardware upgrade for now, but looks like we are going to have a successful announcement soon, just have to do some serious testing, so we are positive! Mike, the new Jamtutor is not live on the IOS store yet, but should be later this week, for Bluetooth. We are waiting on Apple, but they promise soon! Remiam, thank you for backing before and for the comment. We very much appreciate that! Michael, we sent you a separate message, but the last thing we want is for someone to have remorse over buying something that did not measure up to their expectations, so please let us know. But first..., wait for that first hardware upgrade as Hammer on/off, tapping etc., are only getting better with each release. Capo was not available before, but is now, and a lot of things are in the works! This is your jamstik and our forum at jamstik.com is for you as we all benefit from the dialog! Thanks again to all of you! The Jamstik Team! @Zirui B, @J83, and @Tai - I sent you a message regarding your connection problems. The team is working on fixing this issue right now! Thanks for your patience guys -Mike Hi Everyone - PLEASE DO NOT UPGRADE FIRMWARE UNTIL WE CHANGE OUT THE BUILD - I know this is contradictory to what we mentioned in the last update, but unfortunately we are getting feedback that the first recipients have had major problems after the upgrade due to an unforeseen issue. We sincerely apologize and are in the office finding a solution as we speak! Everyone that has issues, please be patient and know that we will get you taken care of as soon as possible. Thanks, -Matt Tai, and anyone else with initial questions, need for help/assistance or just more information. Please go to <url>"When we aren't answering questions, we are busy making sure the experience doesn't prompt any." :) @Hayley - Great question, and I should have clarified - the Woodchuck on-lays will come in the box in a separate package with instructions on how-to, IF you'd like to install them. Essentially they have a peel-off sticky back so you can see how it looks without choosing to make it permanent. Maybe you want to put it on your iPhone case, or your favorite coffee mug; it's up to you! For backers wondering about backer numbers, log in and go here: <url>"+" sign next to our project: jamstik+ The SmartGuitar A lightbox should show up and you'll see your backing details with backer number included. Lastly, for international backers, even if you were among the first 500, there will be a small delay in shipment due to our fulfillment center requiring strict specific guidelines before processing.. but don't worry.. they are one of the BEST! This process will ensure there are no other issues with delivery. Otherwise.. we haven't really asked for this yet, but please follow us @thejamstik on instagram, facebook.com/jamstik, and twitter.com/jamstik and show us some love when your new toys arrive! We can't wait to see :) -Matt Okay, here are your answers: James- between 2000 and 2100 and you picked Blue, so looking to ship mid July. Mac, we hope to get it to you before the end of July as well, but you have a HIGH # as you say. Production is going well! Emily. we should be sending you an email with tracking info within 10 days. Nicholas, yours should ship by end of June, so will make it we believe. Zac. We received your survey. Hoping a few others will complete theirs SOON! Thanks ALL! You guys have done a great job answering the surveys, but we are still missing a number of them! We'll begin final shipments toward the end of the second week in June, so please get your information in to avoid delaying your shipments! Kaylan and David, First, you are both early backers, with # 1250 or below. Kaylan, we can't give specific dates as we have nearly 3000 backers, but we will message you separately, so you can select the correct shipping address. June is still solid for all units promised to be built in June and shipped, but for many this will mean arrival in July. We will send an email with tracking # when they ship. Thanks again to all of our backers! rcamp. We will send you an individual message shortly. Need some additional info from you in order to best answer. Thanks! Thanks Ron, that explains it well! Yes, Kelly, you should order a "right handed" unit, if you strum with your right hand. Most of you are responding quickly to the survey, and we appreciate that as we are anxious to get them in your hands this summer, starting in June. Best Regards, The Jamstik Team. Seyha, Most would tell you that if you write right handed, it is most natural to also strum with your right hand, so we would definitely recommend you order a "right handed' unit. Thanks. Matt! LH, Gareth, John, DJ and Sriram, Yes, LH, the Black units that both you and John have ordered is still set to ship in June. The early bird units will be going out first in all cases. Gareth, we announced the winners in the last update, thanks for your participation! John, we wish we could open the colors up to everyone, but the white and the blue do cost us more as it is a special run and thus for the early bird $199 and $229 specials were black only. The black is really striking and is still our most popular, but we love them all! DJ, yes, there are some options, we will follow up soon. Also, Sriram, Great questions and a longer discussion needs to be made, so we will contact you later as well. Thanks all! The Jamstik Team Thanks all for the recent comments. Jinsub and Gareth, we are sending messages to you separately. Part of the equation is that the jamstik is coming from a different country, just as it would if you were given a "gift" when on an overseas trip but you still have to claim a value at customs when you return home to your country of residence. Many of the countries do not have a VAT that is charged, and sales tax varies from 0 to as high as 25% in some cases, but our research indicates the additional charges will amount to less than $40 USD in almost all cases if you do have to pay additional. With over 60 countries to ship to, that is the best "global" statement we can make. We do intend to sell in most of the countries and thus will be abiding by all applicable laws as you would want us to. Please message us separately if you have individual questions as we really want to assist in any way possible! Also, the survey will be going out soon, so please respond as quickly as you can! Best Regards. The jamstik Team. Keith, Thanks for those questions. Yes, we have some time, so lets take it off line with messaging as and see if we can figure something out that makes sense. Also, the final payments are still clearing so it will be next week before we send out inquiry on options and shipping address for backers. Thanks again to all for the incredible support! Enjoy your weekends! The Jamstik Team Michael, That is a very good question and we are sure others will want to do the same. We are hoping to get the Blue and White shipments in as soon as we can, so that we would be able to time shipments well. It appears that you pledged during the last week of the campaign, so would be at the end of the black and start of the Blue so these should come off almost at the same time. DJ and Gareth, we will be messaging you separately on your questions to allow for dialog. Thanks all for your support! Katya, We understand your thoughts here. We will message you directly rather than on this forum, so we can have a good dialog. Thanks! The Jamstik Team. Garry, Sorry, we have been reviewing your question. When we offered Lefty officially, we also explained the later date, as it requires custom work. Unlike other suppliers, we are not charging a premium for "lefty as we really want to be fair to all. Unfortunately, due to how the "system" is set up and because the early specials were black only, we cannot honor your choice of color request. All three choices rock, so we hope you will be happy with the discounted price even though the color is not your first choice. We will do our best to get your unit to you in July though. Hope that helps! Katya, You are correct, Russia and other countries do not use CE. The US/Canada have FCC; Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong accept C-Tick, all of which we have. This allows us to sell into these countries for resale, thru distribution partners. We are looking at paying for official certification status for many countries all of which have special requirements such as: in country testing/representatives, annual tests, etc. We will add as we can justify and may have some before we ship product this summer. Our understanding is since our units do not require UL, being battery operated, and are not for resale, most countries allow shipments from Kickstarter for products such as Jamstik+. If for some reason you or anyone has a unit rejected by your government, due to certification question we will refund your purchase price, upon its return. Hope that helps! Wow, yes, we are thrilled with the success of the campaign! Thanks to all of your efforts! Stay tuned as a survey will be going out next week for Left Handed, right, shipping address etc. Thanks for all of the input - we appreciate the comments on freight not being a "Value Add" and related concerns on Duties/VATS. Trust that we hear you and also, that we have to comply with Kickstarter and all legal standards, as we do need to maintain our status in all of your countries. For EU, the Jamstik is certified for REACH Compliance and CE. Thanks again! The Jamstik Team! Thank you so much everyone! We are elated to have this amazing group of you with us as backers, and we hope you share in our passion to make this the best experience possible. We are still making sense of how much we just achieved with your help... We'll be back with a full update tomorrow, but seriously, thank you so much for being with us and pledging to make this happen. Good Nights, all! @Emily 140 Minutes to go.. ahh! What a crazy day.. I think we are going to miss this! We have so much to look forward to though, and that is namely getting you your jamstik+'s! @Pisut - Yes, you may restring your lefty model and switch the string messages via software settings in our apps. For the casual lefty / righty switch, a software toggle will allow you to go back and forth without requiring a full restringing every time. @Juliono - Now that would be pretty awesome.. modular digital instrument eh.. you have our wheels turning, but must.. not.. get.. ahead of ourselves :) Hope everyone is as excited as we are! -Matt @Adrian - We like your optimism.. 200 Donations would be amazing! @Gareth - That's a great idea. Though it's too late in the game to get that idea into production, we'll have to look into sticker kits! @Dethpickle - You have our answer.. we've seen more requests for a bass setup so we should be able to get this in, in time for shipment or the very least directly after. @Christian - This was an error on our part, shipping was supposed to be $25 but we accidentally entered less for the non-earlybird and aren't able to change it, so regular pricing gets a little savings in the end. 24 hours to go... let's do this! -Matt @Ed - To keep fulfillment simplest we're not doing pledge additions, however you can always order a case off our website here if you choose! <url>"Bass" setting, however there are plenty of Bass guitar sounds that you can play with. We'll look into adding a custom tuning so it will be set up like a bass. Pisut - We manufacture and ship directly from the US. The jamstik+ is classified as a MIDI like device, with a radio transmitter as part of its hardware, and the Universal Code is 851762-0050. A freight and handling charge was added at check-out and covers our cost of getting the product from us to you, but does not include import fees your country may charge. You'll have to look up fees specific to your country, but hopefully the discount you've gotten through Kickstarter helps make up for it if it should add up! @Adrian - Yes the jamstik+ can be used on flights.. we can't wait to start seeing some airplane players! You'll turn your device to airplane mode, but then manually turn bluetooth back on and should be all set! Thanks everyone and remember you can always directly message me if you have more detailed questions. -Matt Thanks for all of the recent comments! Bud, a separate email was sent to you, and Rick, glad you are in, as we had a lot of people who wanted that capability! We're stoked too and love all of the ideas coming in here and privately. Enjoy your day! The Jamstik Team. Emily, we totally love your comment and Hung-kwon, yours as well! We are enjoying interacting with so many Music Educators and Therapists. Rick: You are not the first to ask and we appreciate your wish. If your number is close to the cutoff, there are cancellations occasionally and thus your number will not change, but you will move up in our numbering system, so you may have a shot at getting one. For now that is all we can say, but know we hear you, and are thinking on it. Thanks! The Jamstik Team. Woohoo! Technically, we need 2250, "Jamstik+" Backers, as the $5 and $29 don't count for the donation total, but safe to say we'll have some news coming soon :) Awesome job everyone, the sharing helped us out so much over the last few days! -Matt Adrian, Thanks for sharing. Love the "2 shares, get one free special". Re your earlier question, unfortunately the controls for the Dpad and Power will not be switched for the Left Handed Version of the Jamstik, at least on this release, as that would require an expensive and time consuming mold change. Although the good news is, it does not seem to bother the testers that have been putting it to the test! Glad we can support Lefty and hope you enjoy it! Heri Sim, Please send a note to us at <email> and we will work with you to resolve for sure! Thanks for letting us know! We have been getting strong support from Singapore and appreciate it greatly! Just put a note to Jeremy's attention with a short description. The Jamstik Team @Daniel Yes you'll be able to update firmware over the air through our iOS or Mac apps! New functionality and performance tweaks can always be updated this way. For your second question, we considered an onscreen display, but decided to let the paired device do that. We'll show you octaves and capo position right in our apps, where you can also adjust any setting to your liking. @Mark We love tap guitar style on Acoustic.. unfortunately it's one thing you can't really do on the jamstik+. Maybe an attachment someday :) @Jaclyn -The Android OS doesn't support quality MIDI performance on most of its devices. However, we're doing some testing specifically on the Samsung S6 model which shows promise via a USB connection. Android support is fairly experimental at this time but we will have an announcement before the campaign ends. @Joe - We'll have a field for special considerations when we send out our backer survey after the campaign ends. With any luck we'll get yours to you before you have to move! @Dasha - We're excited for you to become a guitar player! We'd love to, "jamstik-ify" lol, other instruments, but for now we're focused on shipping the best version of the jamstik+ that we can. The support we've had on Kickstarter means there's a good chance we'll get to expand on our product line in the future! @James - We're glad to have you on-board! We're putting together the best package of hardware and apps to keep you into it and making a lot of progress this time around. If there's ever anything you'd like to see from us to help you stick with it, let us know! -Matt @Billy Regarding latency, our bench testing on an IOS or Mac device shows our Bluetooth transmission speed is very close to a wire. The sample size of the sound is the key and some software/apps allow the sample size to be reduced thus reducing delay. Some reviewers have used wireless headphones/speakers and this adds serious delay as does having multiple apps open on your device. Our internal testing team and external players are very happy with the performance, and we are highly focused on keeping the experience as tight and musical as possible. We'll post a more detailed response in the FAQ shortly! @Nir & Pandeeswaron, Unfortunately you can only make one reward selection and pledge, but due to increased interest we will plan to offer the $29 reward on our website in the future. If you have a friend with an account or a second email address, you might make the additional pledge that way. Hey Everyone! @Olivier We will have more info on the accelerometer soon! The good news is that it's going to be built into the jamstik+ so the possibilities are practically endless. @Chris N - Yes, we are using the same battery on the jamstik+ as the original. @Nichelle - Yep! We'll always have our case available to buy later on the website. @Gene - Hammer-Ons - Slides - and Pull offs are all in varying states of functionality right now. We are currently finalizing the best way to offer these functions for the jamstik+ and it is a high priority. Hi PemrichT, yes, the micro USB to USB can plug directly into your Mac or PC and offers plug-n-play compatibility with MIDI capable software. Lefties, you'll be getting news soon! In regards to device performance, you'll do best with an iPad 3rd generation or Mini / Air and up as these support BLE 4.0 via iOS 8. Latency is something we strive further to eliminate each day, and things are very tight on the jamstik+. The jamTutor series will also have improved performance as we've had a considerable amount of further testing under our belts, along with some great new modes and features to offer. We'll do our best to get some more renders of the colored models available, and I also wanted to thank the commenters below for the kind words and support of our campaign! Thanks, -Matt Hi Edwin and Axel, We manufacture and ship directly from the US. It is classified as a MIDI like device, with a radio transmitter as part of its hardware, thus better fits that category than an electric guitar. The Universal Code is 851762-0050. A freight and handling charge was added at check-out and covers our cost of getting the product from us to you, but does not include import fees your country may charge. You'll have to look up fees specific to your country, but hopefully the discount you've gotten through Kickstarter helps make up for it! Hi Axel, Good question. If you end up choosing black, you will get June delivery. While we will do our best to expedite production of color models, we placed a July date to be safe. Thanks! -Matt Hey Everyone! For those of you asking if the jamstik+ is an easy way to learn guitar, our answer would be a resounding yes! In fact, that's one of the main reasons we built it. Our technology gives you instant feedback about where your fingers are, and where they should be, all on the screen in front of you. Our free bundled app series: jamTutor, teaches you the very basics and brings you up to speed all the way to playing actual songs in time. Check out the answer in the FAQ's section for more info. For the early bird backers asking about color options; unfortunately we can't offer a color choice for everyone as our costs are higher, but today we did announce a discounted option for those who want to pick their own! Just click, "Manage" your pledge, and choose the new "any color" tiers at $229 or $259 with case. Lastly, to clear up any confusion, the original jamstik IS for sale at a discount at various places around the web, but Kickstarter is the ONLY place you'll get the upgraded jamstik+! The original jamstik connects via WIFI which limits the ability to browse the web or download apps while connected. It also uses an older pick detection system which we've improved via the new magnetic pickup on the jamstik+. It's still a great product that we stand by, and if you'd like to try one out, we encourage it! You can check out the FAQ's to read up in more detail what the differences are. Thanks! -Matt