@ sherman: yes! Jō uses a standard tripod mount, and can be mounted upside down on a tabletop, support beam, or even a drone. @ Sengsouriya Vongmany: Jo uses a 5 volt, 2 amp microUSB power supply. We will ship an external battery which will power the unit for a full day of recording. @ sherman: thank you for supporting us! @ Karl Heinz Landwehr: it's a fair criticism, and we'll do a much better job in the days and weeks to come. (Long Overdue) update posted. Sorry for the long delay, folks, but I promise we'll be much more responsive in the coming days and weeks. Feel free to message us any questions! @Karl Heinz Landwehr: Apologies- update posting today shermann, We're still determining exact field of view and we tune the optical system for manufacturing - you can get a very good sense of it by looking at the examples posted at kogeto.com We're not sure we understand your question re offset. email us at <email> for more info. Eric, Great questions! Answers below, which are also now located in our project FAQ: What Resolution can Joey capture? Joey captures panoramic video at resolutions up to 3840x720, though we will indeed be offering lower resolution modes for space and bandwidth considerations. We're still establishing the lower resolutions Joey will offer - this is one of the reasons we want to offer a beta program; so we can work with users to explore the best settings. Can Joey capture pictures as well as video? While Joey is primarily designed for video capture, we will allow export & sharing of still images as well. What kind of storage does Joey provide? Internal memory: 2GB External storage - 2 USB2; 1 USB3; 1 SD memory card. What other forms of connectivity are included? Joey has integrated Wifi and bluetooth functionality, as well as an HDMI port for external 4K display. What is J-Drive? J-Drive connects to the USB3 port, and will ship in 2 and 4 terabyte configurations. You can also use third party USB3 drives for storage; the advantage of J-Drive is that it attaches directly to Joey, allowing mounting of Joey+J-Drive on a standard tripod mount. See the picture o How much does Joey weigh? Weight is still being determined as we source final parts, but the prototype is less than two pounds. Is Joey waterproof? Like all of our products, Joey is designed to be water resistant, though it is not waterproof - do NOT take your Joey under water! Does Joey have an internal battery? Joey does have an internal battery that will allow capture to internal storage or SD card for about an hour. We will also offer a larger external battery pack which will provide several hours of field recording without the need for extra power. When will Joey ship? We expect to begin shipments in December 2014. What warrantee do you offer? We stand behind all of our products with a full service one year warrantee. Thanks, Alan. We can't wait to see what you capture with your Joey! Andy, We hear you about the importance of industrial design -it's something we take pretty seriously. In all honesty, Joey's design is driven almost entirely by the pragmatic requirements of a professional panoramic capture solution - think less of consumer products than professional video cameras, and you'll see what we're shooting for with the design. The "blender like" appearance is not coincidental - like a blender, Joey's radially symmetric physical appearance is a matter of pure function, not aesthetics. And the angled touchscreen which seems to echo the button panel of most blenders sold in the last fifty years? Also driven by user testing - the design goal is to put professional quality panoramic video capture into the hands of people at a very low price point, and allow easy integration into existing production workflows. That said, we expect that Joey grow into a full line of products, and we have some very interesting ideas on the table for a lower-end consumer model which will integrate the design ideas you've discussed here. But with Joey we were shooting for a functional, no-compromise 4K video capture solution with no seams and superb ease of use. I think you'll find that when your Joey ships! Hoping this answers your (well voiced) concerns, and very happy to have you on Team Joey. @Ashgill: That js the plan, yes.