Do you have the Auschwitz card? Message us your address with this request. @Patrick, message us with what email you did use requesting the code and we will get it to you. You're onto us, Chris. The Joking Hazard Experience™ won't be officially complete until the year 2028 when Deck Enhancement #12 comes out, by which point we will have siphoned $150+ from each of your bank accounts. Yep, you guys destroyed that goal. The game will start shipping tomorrow. @DANIEL We haven't received a Kickstarter message from you. Send us one with a summary of your issue and we'll get it fixed! @Alan Hey Alan, send us a message on KS, and we'll find out what went wrong with your order. You should've had your game by now, and we can look into it. @Austin That sucks! Send a KS message and we can queue up a replacement. @Christopher Send a KS message, and one of our people will make sure you get another one. @Matthew Send us a message and we can queue one up to be shipped to you. Sorry for the mistake! @Joel If you sent a KS message one of our people will get to it, and queue up a replacement box to be sent to you. The little number in the box refers to the person who inspected your d*ck. For those wondering on the Target situation, we've managed to temporarily restrict total distribution to about 2,000 total units. We'll post a full rundown on what happened in our next update. It took a lot of effort and phone calls, but we managed to force them to hit the pause button. To those posting about Target selling it for $10 cheaper: This is not the case. The price at Target was $25, which is the same as the lowest tier on the Kickstarter (which also included 30 bonus cards). The $35 price that most of you guys paid was the second tier, which includes the Blast from the Past add-on pack. Super excited to hear that you folks are enjoying the game! If you have any perfect combinations, please post them to our Facebook page. We wanna read 'em! @Jeremiah Red cards are only significant if the judge flips one off the deck at the beginning of the round. If that happens, everyone else plays the 2-panel set up instead for double points. It should say that in the rules printout under "Red Cards". For those of you asking about the order in which rewards are being fulfilled, I asked BlackBox yesterday and this was their response: "Joking Hazard is a large-scale fulfillment, which means that several Blackbox warehouses all around the world are shipping out the orders. Each warehouse will pack as many packages as possible and send out the completed packages each day. There's no hard and fast rule about the order in which packages are going out. However, if you haven’t received a tracking email by Monday, October 17th, email <email> with the email address used to back the Kickstarter project. Our Blackbox customer service team will give you an update ASAP." @Geoff Holy shit, that sucks! Must have been a factory misprint. Send a KS message and we'll get a replacement sent out to you. For those wondering about the Target situation: We have successfully gotten them to pull it off their website, and there are no more shipments coming in. We are super pissed off that it was launched before all of the Kickstarter rewards went out, and we're doing everything in our power to prevent more from hitting the shelves until backer shipments go out. Speaking of which, we've gotten an estimate from BlackBox that the latest date for finishing shipping will be Friday the 21st. They're aware of the Target problem, and we're working together to push that date even sooner. Orders are being sent out crazy fast. Those of you with any damaged or incorrect products, please send us a message on Kickstarter and one of our customer service people will respond to it as soon as possible! (reposting this comment re: Target) Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy. @Everyone Here's what's going on with Target: We agreed a few months ago to let Target sell our game, but ONLY after the Kickstarter shipping was completed. However, there was a major communication breakdown and, without our knowledge, Target was not given the correct launch date for the game. We learned about this at the same time you guys did. This is unfair to our backers and we're really upset by this. We've already been on the phone with our contacts at Target and, as of now, there are no more Target shipments moving in, and they're actively working to pause all distribution of the game to stores. This is not okay at all, we're sorry that it's happening, and we're doing everything we can to stop it. In the meantime, BlackBox is racing to get all your rewards sent out to you, including all those special add-on packs, game mats, and shiny boxes that lowly Target customers will never get to enjoy. @Kenneth Yikes! It shouldn't be out yet. We're gonna send you a message to get more info. @Tom Don't lose hope! They're being fulfilled by pledge level for maximum efficiency, so you could be anywhere on the list. @Justin So glad you like it! @Dan - The $60 level offered the power of choice after the project ended! You got to choose which box you wanted, and you picked 1 white and 1 red, so it looks like your order confirmation is correct! :) @Timothy! I'm sending you a message to get some details from you! We assure you that your d*cks are being f**klifted around a w*rehouse, ready to be shi**ed all over the place. Major update coming tomorrow! A good update! Thanks Stefani! Glad you had fun. @Joanna: Only one address, please! It's just a nightmare to have to split pledges with this many people. :) @Avery: You filled out your survey in April. Unless you have changes, you're good-to-go! @SteJ: For the app, there should be a "view pledge" button at the bottom. Guys (and gals)! There's a new update with good stuff in it! Here's lookin' at game. Hey fellas. Major update coming today (final artwork, production status, yadda yadda) Stay tuned. This has been your pre-update update. Artwork is submitted for proofing, once they tell us "Yes this all works" we'll do a big update announcing that! Thanks for your patience, we're really excited to be shipping earlier than planned. Everything is smooth so far! @Dale It'll come with some of our favorite alt ways to play, but we're planning to have a section of the Joking Hazard website for fan rules. @JurassicMatt @Bayley We reworked the box dimensions to fit all the extra cards and then some. We'll be posting the updated box art once we get it finalized (very soon). It looks slightly different than the original concept, but is more or less the same concept. We'll keep you guys posted! @Derek Yep. My favorite one is "Anyone who misreads a card has to drink." @Johnny That's one of the 10 add-your-own-words cards. We recommend setting them aside until you've played the game for a bit, and adding one in whenever you get an idea for a panel. Or use them to insert yourself or your friends in the game. Free PDF is coming tomorrow. There were some difficulties in making them into a PDF, but it's all on track now. Rob here with some mini-updates not yet deserving of a full update: BOXES: We are in the midst of designing them, and have come up with a way for you to fit all your extra Kickstarter cards into the default box, with room to spare. Yay! No need to throw your cards all over the floor like an animal. PDF VERSION: On track to release this weekend, or next week at the latest. Will comprise base game, including 10 add-your-own words cards. OVERALL SCHEDULE: We are on track to deliver earlier than promised, the question of how much earlier will be known in the coming few weeks as we zero in on a ship date. CHANGING YOUR ADDRESS: This is possible at any point after completing your survey but before the ship date. @Bayley At this point we can only give you a hint: the release month has between 29 and 32 days in it. We are anticipating shipping to be much earlier than planned, but it's too early to give an exact date yet. Stay tuned! @scootie89 Yes! Once the shipping date is known and announced, we will send out repeated reminders to update your shipping address as the date approaches. Nice try @Matthew. @PJ You can update your address any number of times between the survey and the actual ship date. Additionally, once we know what the ship date is, we'll announce it to everyone and send you reminders about finishing your survey / changing your address if you need to. Hey folks! Mini update here: Everything is still going smoothly. The next official update will come when the card artwork is finalized and print-ready, and the free PDF version will be released at that time. Expect that update around the end of April / beginning of May. We're also going to be sending out the Kickstarter survey in the next week or so. @MasterDisaster64 There's already a card where green says "Oh yeah? Prove it." :) Expect the PDF in late April or early May. We're in the midst of formatting, tweaking the artwork, and getting it print ready. It's going excellently. Hey dudes, we're gonna be sending out updates for big milestones as we reach them. Completing design work on the cards will be the first one. If there's enough interest in weekly updates we could do them, but from our perspective we'd rather focus really hard on getting the game out, and only announce things that are worth announcing. We'd love to hear your feedback on what kinds of updates you want to see from us though, just let us know here! Good news for those of you wanting to customize your blank cards game-by-game: the factory got back to us and confirmed that the cards are dry-erase marker friendly. Hey guys! We will give you updates throughout the process of developing the game. Expect the first one in a couple weeks! Our first priorities will be getting the card designs print-ready and getting that PDF version up, which both go hand in hand. At this moment the C&H guys are taking a much needed break from animation production (their first one in over 2.5 years of weekly shorts). Our kickass assistant Trisha will continue answering your KS messages in the mean time. @Ben Yes, they're dry erase friendly. The Dave & Rob chew on your cards tier just opened up again, if anyone's interested. 5 minutes left in the campaign! The boss monster is totally dead, you guys. There are no more prizes to be had. People are beating up his headless body because they want to unlock all the achievements, which is cool with us. Those asking about dry erase markers on your blank cards: I just tried it on a Cards Against Humanity card (same material and factory we are using) and it works great! If you want to be extra careful you can always use plastic card sleeves, but it's looking like the glossy material of the cards is very dry erase friendly. We will double confirm with the factory tomorrow though. @Enivek We want everyone to get the same game, regardless of pledge level, which is why the KS-exclusive cards go out to everyone. All the special higher tiers are either special edition boxes or accessories, and that was on purpose! @Bayley Absolutely nothing. The Justin Roiland boss monster has died a grisly death, and your noble Kickstarter adventure has come to an end! Feel free to continue unlocking achievements to beat up his headless corpse! WE DID IT! @Matthew Yep, a PDF version of the game was one of the stretch goals, and one of our first priorities to finalize and release after the KS ends. Stay tuned! @Ethan Whoa, that's just a weird optical illusion. That's a crossed out 280, not 200. NEW ACHIEVEMENT UP! @Adam Interpret it as you will. Way to go everyone. Your supportive posts for the boss monster enabled him to score a critical hit on us. New achievement posted, let's recover and kick his butt!! @Amanda Whichever completes first unlocks the next stage. New Frankenchievement. This one has TWO OPTIONS. Choose wisely. @Raymond Everyone's KS-exclusive booster pack has the same cards in it. @MWoody Your choice of two red boxes, two white boxes, or one of each. NEW FRANKENCHIEVEMENT! GO GO GO! @Echo Very cool idea. We'll check with the manufacturer, but I just tried a dry erase marker on a Cards Against Humanity card and it seemed to work just fine. This might be an easy alternate way to play with the blank cards. Great suggestion! In somewhat related news, we just launched a special Panel 1 for the Random Comic Generator. See what it gives you: <url>"add your own words" cards in Joking Hazard is making the characters you or your friends, or adding your own inside jokes. Having comics contain your friends is way funnier than it should be. Just food for thought! THE BOSS FIGHT IS UPON US!! Created and voiced by Justin Roiland. Be sure to check out the video in our latest update to see what this rude and crude boss monster is all about: <url>"If people want it, let's try to make it happen." @Cynical No physical mock-ups yet, but it's being produced by the same company as Secret Hitler's wooden box, so this should give you a general sense (albeit with different proportions since our game is different) <url>"special" tiers coming in the near future.