This is NOT a scam, there are a few people who have no received their rewards and I am working with them. I have mentioned many times before that I will make this right. Jonathan Castillo - I'm sorry you feel that way but after reading your other comments about the other projects you have backed it seems you are just an unhappy person who finds fault with everything. For those who would like an answer to his no so eloquent questions - All the factory Schlage and Kwikset keys I have work perfectly. Maybe you have after market keys. Lastly I would also ask you to respect this site and others who don't think profanity and name calling is a way to resolve issues. Thanks for the support Renee !! Yes I will be shipping most of the LED versions also. Hey everyone, I'm in the process of shipping all the Key Staks this week, You should all receive your packages soon. Hey Ron, Everyone was upgraded to the Carbon, I have received the Black Carbon components but they where not drilled, So i had to have a jog made to machine them. I'm hoping to have some ready to ship by monday morning. Hey Doug, everyone got upgraded to the Carbon versions. Unfortunately not, I only ordered the amount of each color requested. I'll post an update shortly. Hey Everyone, I am still working on getting the colors completed. My hands are tied at this point, I have to wait for them to come in before I can send them to be cut out. I'm sorry it is taking longer than expected but there is nothing I can do until the manufacturer gets me the sheets. I spoke with the supplier of the raw material on tuesday who said they should be completing the sheets this week. As I have promised all along I will send out the finished products as soon as possible. Hello Everyone, Please check the updates tab for the latest info. Any new updates will be posted there as soon as I receive new info on the parts. I appreciate everyones patience. Hey Everyone, I'm having a issue with some of the colored Carbon sheets, its taking them longer than anticipated to make the colored carbon sheets I want each and every Key Stak to be perfect and my supplier is making sure that the carbon is perfect., I will let everyone know as soon as we start shipping. I am trying to sort it out as soon as possible, thanks for your patience and I'm sorry for any inconvenience it may have caused. Mike Hey Guys, I have had a slight delay with production. Due to all the inclement weather shipping has been delayed. We are still on track to ship the first Key Staks in February, I will post pictures and info as soon as I get more in. Hey Everyone, We have started production. The custom Carbon sheets are being made. I will let everyone know when we start the next step. Mike If you would like to add an additional item you can PayPal the pledge amount for that item directly to me at <email>, I will then add it to your account and it will ship with your original pledge. Thanks for the good question Dillon. In the survey there will be a question for you to describe what your pledge was for. They are both the same Red, That top picture is a red that has been laminated with the resin, All of the colors will have that deep glossy look. All of the other colors are the material that have no been laminated with the resin yet. The colors will look incredible. I can't wait to get them in the backers hands. #Pollenator No, When I send the surveys out I will ask what colors people would like. The Majority of votes will decide what colors become available. What colors would you like first ? #Michael it will just be an option you can choose from at no additional charge #Michael, Once the funds have cleared I will order the raw materials and start production for the Kickstarter Pledges. The KeyStaks without flashlights will go out in february and the Flashlight KeyStaks will ship in March. #Pollenator unfortunately I'm still waiting for the colored samples to arrive, I had the Carbon shop overnight me some new samples today as the others got lost in the mail. I will post them up tomorrow. Hi Jon, I certainly have no abandoned anything, The project is going very well, With the holidays and the new year my suppliers and machine shops where closed. They will be re opening on Monday the 6th. I'm waiting for samples of Colored Hybrid Carbon. When I know they will work I'll add them as the stretch goals. If anyone has any ideas they would like to see as a stretch goal I am open to ideas. @Michael Morrissey: Hey Michael, you would add the cost of the accessory towards your pledge. For example if you purchased the Carbon Key Stak for $20 and you want a bottle opener then you would add $6 and pledge $26, if you want a thumb drive you would add $17 towards your pledge. Hey Neil, There are nylon washers between the keys which allows you to tighten the screws without adding extra friction. The screws also have lock tight that will allow you to tighten the screw to the desired pressure and stay there but also loosen and tighten to changed keys as needed. Hey Jakob, Thanks for the question. The Barrel Nuts are 4.5mm in diameter. I will post the aluminum samples when I receive them. Hey Aaron, just choose one or the other but pledge the amount for both, when the survey goes out you can remind me what you wanted. Thanks for your support. Hey Michael, it will look exactly the same just have a different finish. I'm hoping to have a few CnC prototypes this up coming week. Hey Michael, Good Question, NO the clip does NOT spin, it has a tab bent at 90 degrees that fits into a little slot to prevent it from spinning. Hey Pollenator, Thanks for the question, You have to use an insulator and the way the battery pocket is machined is what makes the button work correctly.