@Susan Alamo, Sorry for the mistake, I made 390 units* of the sides. Everything that was produced up until Mid-December had to be revisited and fixed for the clicker and screw fitment. I sourced the production of the clicker to another company but none of their final product were able to fit into the sides; they did a couple of tweaks to it without our consent and made the fins of the clicker a lot larger than what it's suppose to be. It takes 26 minutes to make one unit(one piece of metal that you see in our pictures) = one side of the KeyonPod. Yes I do work 12 hours a day making the KeyonPod, but that does not mean there aren't down times during production; Shaving both sides of each metal piece to allow it to fit within the vice, tools being broken so I have to take trips to CNC shops for replacements, sanding surfaces, programming the machine to switch tasks, machine warm ups, compression tank fill up, etc... Unlike a lot of other projects on Kickstarter who gets their entire project sourced from other US Businesses or China, I decided to make the product myself. I was not a machinist prior to this project but I was willing to help out my machinist to learn and tackle on the tasks that are involved. Obviously there had been many bumps on the road of course, hopefully the pictures I provide in my updates are reassurance enough to prove that the product is at least being made, else, you are always welcome to drop by our warehouse to get all the reassurance you need in person. Thank you for your support thus far, I apologize that you have lost faith in the project and I hope this gives you an insight on why this project will take a little longer than others out there. -Tung Hey Backers, We sincerely apologize for the lack of communication that has taken place these past few weeks. We had been setting up our machines to accept our CAD files and it has not been easy. Our machines are made back in the 80's and 90's so we had to find the right format for the CADs. Here is a break down of what is happening. The KeyonPod consists of 5 separate parts and we will be having two machines running the production of the product. Depending on which part we are making, our machines will only be able to pump out 5-10 units/hour. Each part will be produced in bulk (approximately 100-200 units) and once that amount is reached we will switch off to another part. We are currently behind on schedule due to setting up the machines but are planning to run our machines for 15 hours a day 5 days a week to catch up with our planned schedule. The planned shipment date, November 30th, is near and we know many of you had purchased this as a Christmas gift for loved ones. We are working hard and diligently to hit this goal. Once again, we apologize for the lack of communication and would like to thank you for being patient with us -Tessrand Hey, guys we will be providing a massive update asap. Hey Ryan- Yes you were I was waiting on one last bit of news from our manufacture before I sent it out An update will be up to night in regards to Cerakote and Anodizing options and also, survey. =] Hey Ko, sorry about that i just checked again it was a mistake on our end It will be fixed by tomorrow. Hey Ko, The brush aluminum on Kick starter comes with 5 tools. Hey LLama - We will be adding a couple more tools =]hang in tight Hey Torsten- Just add 10 dollars =] Hey Ethan, its a bit more expensive on our website just a tad bit you also need to pay for shipping separately + you will get the second batch =] Hey Bill the tools are add ons - they were 5 dollars extra for each Thanks guys!!! Hey Henry - do you mean the finish? Hey Artisinal Thanks for the support =] I really appreciate it. Hey Ko - I should know about anodizing by next Friday, I will most likely send out the survey with anodizing option and a secondary option for backers to pick both, so if anodizing is not possible we will go with second option. =] Thanks Ko =] Hey James, just double your pledge Hey Chayne - No problem !!!! And yes on the 10 dollar thing. =] Thanks Davis =] Hey guys, Sorry about the delay in communication, I got in a mildly bad accident at the beginning of the week (someone cut me off) and dealing with insurance. Pics: <url>" Lets test it" so we will have it tested and I'll do an update on it =]. Hey Jare - I will try to find n Led that is thin in enough =] or have one of my friend make a LED pcb that is thin enough to test it. Hey Chai - Sorry for the really late reply The Screw is 4.0 mm so anything larger then that will works, Hey Christina- Yea, someone mentioned that on the first day and we are A-OK with it =] Hey Artisinal - Thanks for helping!!! Hey Cerity - You mean the Flipping part right? like in the special edition one ( check the update)? Hey Don, Glow in the Dark would be awesome, I will see if our cerkoter can mix in glow pigment used in screen printing to the ink. Hey Adam thanks for helping me while I was away =] Hey Artisinal - Thanks for the suggestion, i guess I could not sleep. =] If any of you guys have any awesome suggestion that we can implement. If it is super ridiculously awesome we can give you a KeyonPod =] - Good Night I am going to sleep now talk to you guys tomorrow !!! =] Hey Mateus- No problem!! =] Jesse - I copied this from a previous comment hope you don't mind =] It includes the screw driver, flat head, bottle opener, can opener, and hex tool, we are still currently prototyping it and will have pictures up soon. When you fill out the form you can sale brushed finish and we will run it through a refinisher to get a brush finished. Brian - Yes it is, I will have an exploded view, the black lip you actually see on the Keyonpod is a separate piece. Hey Artisinal - I would say Brush finish as if there is any scratch it will not show easily and titanium is very very durable hence the cost =] Cerakote is a ceramic paint so it does hide the finish of titanium, but titanium is a better material because it is light, durable and less prone to dents so its not just about the looks =] Hey Chris - Thanks !!! Hey Chris - The Titanium can be Bead Blasted, Cerakote, or Brush it is up to you =]. In order for an alloy to be cerkote it needs to be blasted with aluminum oxidate, then it will be dipped or spray then baked. This type of coating is normally use for firearm. It is extremely durable for everyday usage, but if you chop at it with an ax it will scrap off.=[ It makes the titanium feel a little slick and bumpy. Check this link for its characteristic. <url>" flip switch" is silver but the top and bottom is cerakoted. Hey Henrik - Good question =] a lot of people been messaging us asking about it. Our screws are custom made to our specification and we tried to make it as small as possible to account for keys with small holes as of current it is 3.35 mm. Which will fit the smallest possible key we current have to test. if you have anything smaller please help us by posting it up so we can account for specs =]. @ Don - You can add 5 dollars per a utility tool. Hey Y.Chung It includes the screw driver, flat head, bottle opener, can opener, and hex tool, we are still currently prototyping it and will have pictures up soon. I apologize for the misunderstanding, the utility Knife will not be include as Kickstarter prohibit knife. You will be able to purchase it on our website later Hey Don, The KeyonPod will include the keyring