Its May! not June. I apologize for my absence but have been busy. Anyone who hasn't received their refund by June 17 comment here...you will receive it shortly..those that have been patient...you are about to be rewarded...thanks for that...it hasn't been an easy journey Maurice Refunds will begin beginning in two or so weeks and will continue thru the month...Christopher Rising will me mailed without further delay the end of next week. More details to come. Fair is Fair. although next week (friday)starts some of the shipments...I will be refunding every one over the next month or so..but will still deliver the books as they are completed. M Matt you are right. I have rhw information..if anyone wants a refund just email me your name..I have all the information I need.... Its frustrating foe me as well...I want to get these books done...Christopher rising will be going out.....no one told me will be done soon and hopefully will go out in march....executive order. Is being worked on...Cyrus ward was just a hard book plagued with problems.... It will be finished and delivered... For a writer. I actually worded that previous post poorly...it was out of frustration...I apologize to everyone....I'm doing all I can to deliver the books as promised and hope that they will Stoll be appreciated for what they are. And shun for the debacle of how and when they were delivered.....these books are my babies..I conceived and created them all and never foreseen the challenges that I had to face...challenges I should not have had to face..... But those are my problems to solve... Collaborative efforts can be tough...lessons have been learned.... I want everyone to enjoy the projects that were promised. I take full responsibility for the delays... I want to give more specific information about delivery dates but fear being wrong again...as the projects get done they will be delivered...all books are in production....all books will be delivered....if I just wanted to pocket money..which I personally saw little of...I would be gone...I wouldn't respond.... and that would be it...that's not who I am... These books mean the world to me...and I want them to mean something to those that supported. Again I can't change what has happened but I can do everything in my power to full fill my promises..and in as timely a fashion as possible. M For those still waiting, when I have a definite ship date I will let you know. I refuse to give another date and be wrong. Posters and Christopher rising book 1 will go out the end of next week....I was waiting to send everything together, but Book 1 of Christopher rising has been finished since October and I should have Just sent that out. Cyrus Exectutive order and No One Told Me are all on a delayed schedule. I am not going into the details because they are irrelevant. all that matters is that for those willing to wait for some great books, they will all get done and delivered...for those that want refunds..it doesn't matter anyway. Look. Dont think I dont understand...I do completely. I expected to have this book finished months ago. I have to deal with all the issue and I am dealing with them. all books will be done and sent.. if I didn't want to deliver books I would not be responding at all. that said, If you want a refund, send me your information and you will be refunded within 90 -120 days. If you are willing to wait, then allow me to do what I need so that you may recieve what was promised to you..its your call. send refund information to <email> ( I don't have time to go searching for the information) One more thing, Just know that I don't take the delays lightly. This is my reputation and my projects that are on the line. Projects that I have put all I am into. I am not going to throw blame on anyone else but myself, but none of you have any idea of the challenges I had to over come to move forward, and at the end of the day, its not for any of you to know...Its just my job to deliver what i promised..and I will. as my mom would say "come hell or high water" M I have no problem responding here. First let me say that I appreciate your comments and truly understand. Shady practices...trust me If i was trying to collect money and never produce i wouldn't be answering you here. I would be gone like the woman in the patrick swayze song."like the wind" That said, I can go on and on about the challenges, but I won't. All I can say is that I have been battling and struggling to get these projects done. regardless of artist issues, I take responsibility for these books and will with my last breath get these books out. Those that bare with me, will be rewarded...I will know longer give you a date or a time frame until I am 100% sure, however I will guarantee that before February is over some rewards will be mailed. This is all I am going to say on the topic for now. Maurice Books and rewards will be gin shipping in January. There will be many extras for those that had to wait. I apologize for delays Vincent sent you my number..call me we are on track we have started mailing out rewards and will be doing so over the next 2 months. thank you for bearing with us. I gave it a chance and it went through. we are only really $2000 away form complete funding to finish everything. I put it on Indiegogo but the odds of getting any traction is slim in comparison..figured if i put that number if i received 2 to 5 percent of it, then we would be good. I underestimated the cost..its a learning curve. But we are still close to supply most of rewards and will begin shipping in December...i prefer to do all shipping in the first week of December. I am 100 percent sure i will get it on kickstarter..indiegogo was always a shot in the dark...at the end of the day...i just want to get the books to everyone... I have the budgets worked out this time around. Hey Matt, just in case you didn't read, we will be sending out books abd rewards starting the first week in December. as for the other thing, we really underestimated what we needed. we cant run second Kickstarter, so we are using the other guy. We are doing all we can to get these books and rewards out. Sorry for the silence for the last two weeks. I was training for a marathon. Which I did. 13.1 miles in 2 hours and 23 minutes. That said. There will be an update later today. M and I thank you so much. we are working hard to get it to you thank you. I am stoked to bring you guys these books A big studio saw the project and are showing interest. Another company is as well. I will tell more as i learn more. THANK YOU, thank you, thank you. I can't wait to finish these books and begin sending them out to you and the rest of those that have supported us. There will be extras from us to show our gratitude. we are humbled. Maurice It is because of people like you that we have made our goal. The support from everyone has been amazing I can't thank you enough. i agree. It just needs to pick up some. I am doing press. I need to get the word out to more people..pull in more people. Getting media coverage is not easy. Yes. Me too. Have to keep it going. I am teaming up with legendary artist neal adam's son for some thing special. Stay tuned That is what we are shooting for. $30,000 would be perfect. lets get the word out. yeah we have a great start....I want to keep the momentum going