Hi Gijs, Is there a problem? Thanks, Richard Hi Mark, Your package shipped out in October. I am going to send you an email now. Thanks, Jay Hi Paul, The office is closed today so we will have to get you a tracking number tomorrow but yours was shipped out on October 16th. Richard Hey Bart, I put up the beta up yesterday. It's available here: <url>"[your email server] is not a compatible email server", just send Knut's account a random garbage email and the problem will go away. We discovered this bug a few days ago and we have a firmware update to fix it permanently, but the garbage email trick works just as well. Richard Posted windows app at: <url>"Knut Setup" or are you having trouble getting Knut connected to your home network? Haven't gotten much done on Android this week but I am going to restart work on it next week. Richard Hi Mike, We will be putting up forums over the weekend and I will correct that link in the App Store. We've been bogged down shipping out boxes that I haven't had time yet to work on the website. Thanks, Richard Patrick, one more thing. According to the backer report, you only purchased a single Knut. And not additional sensors. Is there any other sensor you would like to purchase? We can take care of that through the Pre-Order shopping cart. Thank you, Jay Patrick, That's really strange. You should have received #016. The serial is located right above the battery compartment on the outside of the case. Can you take a second look to make sure it's not on there? Jay Hi Chris, You only purchased Knut with no other sensors. You can purchase additional sensors from our pre-order shopping cart at <url>"send ifttt any email" trigger works flawlessly and immediately (1-2 seconds). We are using this right now with a little red plastic fan and a belkin wimo. We can switch the fan on and off by touching the temperature sensor. Unfortunately, the "send ifttt an email tagged" trigger don't always work. I've been working with Linden over at ifttt to get it sorted out. Thanks for the offer about helping. I'll let you know. Thanks, Richard Richard Hey Allen and Chris, We are working on a bug in some of the external sensors which are unfortunately not over the air upgradable. Currently some of the external sensors work exactly once and never report again. We could ship devices to people who did not order sensors but we still don't have the wireless modules. Actually, good news, our manufacturer just told us that the modules passed quality control and that we should be getting them soon. Getting closer, Richard Hi Jaime, A backer of both Twine and Knut dropped off one for us to play with last week. What we realized is how different the two devices are from each other. We think you will really like Knut and all the applications it can be used in. The past couple of weeks we have been very busy updating all of the software and every day it gets better and better. Thank you for your patience, we want you know that we’re making great progress Jay Nice! Thanks Mark Richard Hey Sam, We will setup a page on our website to allow for payment for international shipping. It's not up yet but I will try to get to it tomorrow. Richard Hey Chris, The breakout board enables your own custom sensors (or sensors we don't provide) to Knut. The breakout board also has a relay allowing you to control items as well. Since we don't know what sensor you are connecting, you will have to calibrate the sensor yourself based on the linear slope equation (y=mx+b). The breakout board also has a power supply on it, allowing Knut to be powered from sources like USB or your home heating system. Basically, if you like tinkering, the breakout board is a good choice. Richard Hey Tim and Chris, Sorry about not getting this stuff up yet. I had a meeting in San Francisco over the weekend and I didn't get to taking the photos before flying out. I still need to take pictures of the teeshirts before sending out the surveys and pictures of our progress before posting an update. I'm flying back tomorrow and won't be in till late in the evening so I can have both the survey and the update up on Tuesday. Sorry about the wait, Richard Hey Tim, I will take some photos and post something tomorrow. Richard Hey Greg, Currently the SD card works exactly how you described. Richard Hey Yue Hue, Our chipset manufacture promised us the full order of 802.11g chipsets at the end of September, so unfortunately we are going to have to postpone shipping till October. I will put up the surveys for the sensors next week. We have a big update coming next week. Richard Nelson, you are 100% correct. We are due for an update. I will give you a mini update to what is going on right now. As we speak Richard is in San Fran at TechCrunch presenting Knut to Disrupt2012, getting feedback and hopefully meeting some KS backers. While he is away we just got in the newest designed circuit boards that we had made for the latest hardware and hopefully last design change. (We were tesing out the newest and yet to be released to the public wifi modules from the manufacturer and had to redisgn the curcuit board for it.) And as soon as Richard gets back, we're assembling 15 test Knuts and shipping them to beta testers (Kickstarter backers like yourself that have been helping and offering advice since this project began.) We are going to use all feedback the beta testers give us to make Knut even better. At that point when we have something substantial to report on, Richard will send out a real official update. Maybe in a couple of weeks? Thank you to everyone for your patience and thank you for backing us. Any questions or comments, use this section or send us a message. We love to hear from you. Jay Hey Scott, We are working with ifttt so Knut will function with their service on release Richard Hey Andres, I will shoot you a message with a link to download a PowerPoint which details the communications method. It needs some cleaning up but it should get you going. Any backer who would like a copy of this, please send me a message and I will send you the link. Richard Ok will do. We will post it after the meet up on the 26th as it will be much more locked down by then. Richard Hey JPElectron, Currently when Knut is set up properly, Knut stops serving web pages, but you can either poll the app or the mail server directly to get the most current readings. Right now this is done because serving a webpage constantly would chew through the battery. Seeing how you will have it powered by a solar panel, you don't care so much about battery life. It's possible we could leave the web server service active when connected to external power. Were not quite ready for documentation yet as we are adding and deleting features to the protocol all the time but we will make it available when it's all buttoned up. The volts and amps alerts shouldn't be a problem. Sounds like a pretty cool setup. Richard How many watts is that solar panel!? We are now working directly with ifttt to enable Knut to turn devices on and off and do other things like update your google calendar or send a tweet so by the time we ship you will be able to do just that. Have an idea on which LED sign you would like to use? For the 32-0 Volt range you will need a 1k and a 10k resistor. I can send you an image how to hook it up if needed. What current range would you like to measure? Richard Hey Andres, We could do a current sensor clamp but we have a lot on our plate at the moment. How would you feel about having it be an extra sensor option for after we ship to backers? For the email system spec, would you like to see the spec we are currently using? It's not final and will definitely change but it would be good guidance on writing your own plug-in. Richard Hey Chris, You are correct except for alerts as they are delivered directly to the alert email address and therefor don't reside in the data email address. An alert event can still be seen though just by looking at the data. Knut can accept multiple alert email addresses if you need more than one recipient of alerts. 24 hours to go and we just broke 200% funded! Thanks backers! Happy 4th to everyone! Thanks Ken! Hey George, Yes, Knut will log the measurement of any connected sensor. You can turn off logging on a per sensor basis if you like. Richard Hey Paul, We're working on a sensor board which you can attach a pH probe using a BNC jack. It will be available after we ship to kickstarter backers. I am a little worried about the reliablity of long term pH monitoring. We use a lot of Pinpoint pH probes (which are supposedly high quality) permanently submerged in aquariums and they always seem to drift within a month or so. Anyone have any recommendations for a low cost reliable probe? Richard Hey Lynn, The Water Presence sensor is for flooded basements or situations of liquid water actually being present, not for situations where water is absorbed like a sponge or dirt. It is a digital sensor so it would report yes/no if water is present or not. it probably wouldn't work that well for plants because the plant would have to be bone dry for the sensor to say that no water was present. At that point the plant would be dead... The moisture sensor shown in Update #4 is an analog sensor, so you can see percent of moisture. This would be useful in seeing how moist soil is. I haven't found a source for these yet. It seems one of our backers has a source for them. Richard Hey Lynn, I added the dimensions to the Spec Sheet. We might give Knut a custom case which would decrease the width and height a lot, so those dimensions will be the maximum size. Richard Hi Lynn and anyone else who wants to make sensors, The front header has 5 pins: 1. Wake (forces Knut to check sensors now) 2. I2C Data / Digital 1 / Analog 1 3. I2C Clock / Digital 2 / Analog 2 / 1 Wire Data 4. VDD / +3.3vdc 5. VSS / Ground Knut has a built in 12 bit A/D. The breakout board breaks out all signals and adds clamping diodes. You would be interfacing directly with pin 2 and 3. In analog mode the input impedance is 4.7k. In digital it is a direct connection. In I2C mode, pins 2 and 3 are pulled up with 4.7k to VDD. In 1 Wire mode, pin 3 is pulled up with 2.2k to VDD. 1 Wire and I2C devices can be on the bus at the same time. Analog and Digital connections cannot be on the bus at the same time with I2C or 1 Wire devices. Knut can connect directly with thermistors or any RTD using the Steinhart equation for calibration. Thermocouples would need a custom board with an opamp and a zero point reference. Knut can address up to 8 I2C or 1 Wire devices at the same time. We will publish the I2C protocol that we use so you can connect an arduino, or any other custom sensor that you design. 1 Wire is a patented technology by Dallas so we cannot offer a custom protocol on that method. Richard BTW Thanks for the great comments everyone Hi Lynn, The Spec Sheet is everything below "Knut Spec Sheet". What would you like to know about the sensor interface? Richard Wow that was too easy. We will definitely support this. Knut can send alert emails based on preset moisture levels. Thanks a lot! Richard Hey Mikkel, We really like the unification of the internet of things and are all for making Knut work with ifttt. Our initial impression that it was too far off of our current model but if you think that we can integrate ifttt that easily then by all means we will support it. Send us your ideas, and we will do what we can to get them integrated. Best, Richard Hey Mosley, Were excited to get our Twine when they ship. We would love to hear comparisons. Hey Mosley, Yeah were almost there! So excited! I though initially that I had to ask all backers what sensors they would like but it seems like Kickstarter will give us a way to ask the backers when the project is funded. We will probably do another beta test after this one is complete. You will be on the list if/when we do. Uh I mean definitely Hey David, We will defiantly contact you when we need you. Hey Brantano, Yeah that would be awesome. You can do it now by buying an off the shelf motion sensor, but the motion sensor would need it's own power source. Allen, When Knut first power up, it creates a wireless network that you can connect to. Once you connect you can then directly connect to Knut using a built in setup web page (kind of like a wireless router) or you can use the interface app to configure Knut as well. I am working on a video to demonstrate the setup. Should be out soon. We made it on mashables! <url>