Hi Winnafred, the 626 Night Market had no booth rentals available and wouldn't give us permission to pass out jerky at their event. We had our taste test in Long Beach instead. As for whatever some people are doing we have nothing to do with it and have asked them to stop and to not involve our project. Hi Blake, please check our earlier posts, they are there for everyone to read, we have been producing our jerky sense January. We produced batches in January, February, March and two batches in May. Our supply is far ahead of our demand as stated in our previous posts. We will be shipping every order by the first week in July. We are a company that came to Kickstarter to premier our juicy jerky to a wider audience than we could reach with our individual taste tests (19 nationwide taste test to date). We have been crisscrossing the country for six months giving away free jerky and creating a buzz for our company. At the end of the day we are a company that is looking beyond Kickstarter (just like every other company that debuts here) to thrive and grow in the retail market. It should be noted by the way that we personally invited you to one of our free taste tests and we have exchanged 9 messages with you to gain your confidence. Everyone that goes to our taste tests are given free sample bites in exchange for texting us there honest review of our jerky, we actually exchange and collect phone numbers and email addresses at our taste test, that's what every business does, create a mailing lists, we have even taken it a step further. The texted reviews are being compiled for a comment page on our upcoming website. We have a $0 budget for advertising and this was the best way to connect to our future customers. Maybe larger companies do things differently but we don't have a larger companies budget. The people who have tasted our jerky have decided for themselves that they want to back it and that's the true test, isn't it? To address your comment about other websites, sadly there are dozens of them out there trashing Kickstarter and Kickstarter projects every single day and we, just like other developers ignore them, it is usually the bloggers who have nothing to contribute to the world who seem to have the greatest criticisms of it. P.S. we are proud of our backers that have become as passionate about our jerky as we have. Every single Kickstarter developer hopes to get great backers like we have and if they want to express their enthusiasm and excitement we whole heartedly welcome it. Thank you. Hi Nick, we will be having free jerky taste tests outside of "The Taste of Chicago" on july 10th and 11th. We wanted to get a booth and sell our juicy jerky there but the requirement is that your business has to be based in Chicago so we were not allowed to but our taste test are still pretty cool so please come by. We will be launching our website soon and that info and a lot more will be posted there. Hi Matrix, we couldn't get permission from the 626 Night Market. Instead we will be at the Ink-N-Iron Festival this weekend but we don't have the exact time yet. The second we find out we will post it. Hi Zacharius, we are launching our website soon and we will be selling our juicy jerky there. We hope the amazing people at Kickstarter will follow us there and make Kobe Red Jerky, their jerky. As for a mailing list, there will be a section on our website for anyone who wants to join, we hope everyone does. Members of the mailing list will be informed of free jerky taste test locations, new flavor alerts and other great stuff. Thank you for your support. Hi Gavin, we will be shipping every single order the first week of July. You were one of our first pledges and we want to thank you and all of our amazing backers, you are the best. Hi Nikita, our juicy jerky in completely nitrate and msg free. The animals raised for Japanese Kobe beef are extremely well taken care of, well nourished and not at all blind. Thank you for your support. Hi Griffin, we don't ship internationally because many countries have bans on importing beef and we don't know every countries rules and we would hate for your package to be seized by customs. To complicate that, our beef originates from an entirely different country altogether, and the rules get even more complicated when you try to export previously imported beef. I'm glad that you gave us the opportunity to answer that question, we have gotten a mountain of requests from overseas and we would love to ship to those great kickstarters internationally but we just can't. @BB "Vegan Ringers" is what they are called, that's when you send your vegan friend to get extra jerky bites for you. We love it, when somebody likes our jerky enough to send in a Vegan Ringer we know we are hitting the mark. So for the record we would like to invite all of your vegetarian friends to our free tastings and who knows, we just might convert a few. Hi Winnafred, you, our amazing backers have greatly exceeded our expectations and for that some pretty cool rewards are coming, here's a hint, it tastes great. Also in a few days we will be offering a very limited number of larger bags of our juicy jerky for you guys that have been asking for more, please keep an eye on the posts for more info. We never sell jerky at our free jerky taste tests but we always give you enough to satisfy. If we get approval for 626 Night Market we hope to see you there. Sorry about that, (accidentally pressed post comment). Simply put, every single ounce of real Tajima Kobe beef is used. The animal is not just discarded after the expensive cuts have been removed, in Japan every single piece is consumed. I lived in Japan for two years, and we used every single tiny exquisite piece of the animal . We will probably be having another free jerky taste test on June 8th as we previously stated but if you find an event that we could attend before then we would be happy to show up there. We would love for you to taste our juicy jerky and post the review that you believe is appropriate. Please try to adhere to the criteria that we posted earlier about events that we attend as we will not show up to private residences or private parties. Thank you so much. Hi Old Man, we love our backers and we appreciate your questions but do you understand that you are stating facts that DO NOT apply to us. Once again, we are not using whole cuts of beef or steak, we are using the thin slices, shavings and tiny chunks of 100% JAPANESE KOBE BEEF. The rest of the cattle raised as true Kobe beef is not just thrown away after the extremely expensive cuts have been removed, there is a lot of beef left. If you have ever been to Japan you know that every single ouce is used Hi Old Man, what you are referring to are whole cuts of beef. As described on our project page, we are NOT using whole cuts or steaks to produce our jerky. What we are using (as described on our project page) are the thin slices, shavings and tiny chunks of beef that restaurants have no interest in but are perfect for our jerky. Our beef does NOT require certification because it it not a whole cut of beef. Moreover, some of the facts and numbers you are presenting are based once again whole cuts and steaks delivered to restaurants and resellers here in the U.S., we art not a restaurant or a reseller. We love answering all of our backers questions, even your multiple questions, but respectfully, stating facts that do not apply to our beef is potentially misleading to other backers and although we appreciate you $2 backing perhaps this is not the project for you. Thank you Hi Bryan, the answer is YES! We will be in Florida on October 19th at Nerdapalooza and at the Miami Dolphins game on the October 20th. Our official website launches next month, among many other things it will have a list of every location we will be showing up at (with free jerky in hand by the way). So please keep an eye on our posts for upcoming info about that. Thanks. Hi Bryan, we completely understood what Old Man meant but we did not ship our beef to ourselves, it was shipped to us. That information belongs to the "shipper" and not the "receiver". Thank you for your interest. 2nd Batch This Month Good morning, this is just an update, yesterday we started a second batch of jerky to stay ahead of our orders. Once again, if we access the need to start another batch to satisfy demand we have supply on hand to accommodate. Also, we wanted to say thank you to the great people of Boston for having us and coming out to taste our jerky. Also, as alway we want to thank all of our awesome backers. KRJ Hi Old Man, thank you for giving us the opportunity to answer a few questions. First, please read our entire project page as the answers to most of your questions are in our project description. Our imports of beef are as follows, to date we have received six shipments, two shipments in November, one in December, one in January, one in March and one on May 16. We do not export our beef, it is imported. We purchase directly from five ranchers, we do not purchase from resellers, their mark up is sky high and that would make it impossible to produce our mouth watering jerky. We would love to have another free jerky taste test in Los Angeles, here are a few places we shared our jerky since January in California alone: the Rose Bowl, Coachella music festival, the Sunset Strip, the LA Marathon, Third Street Promenade, San Diego Restaurant Week and The Bay Area Brew Festival. We have 14 more free jerky taste tests planned for the rest of the year. We have a budget of $0 for advertising so lean heavily on word of mouth so we usually show up where thousands of people are gathering so we can get as many people as we can to try our sweet and savory jerky. We even asked the Getty Museum if we could give free samples away on their grounds but they respectfully declined. We assumed that the didn't think that fine art and gourmet jerky mixed well, we think it does though. Here in L.A. we have sent a request to the 626 Night Market "Summer Garden Nights" event happening on June 8 at the Front Paddock Garden of Santa Anita Park for permission to give a jerky taste test there but we have not gotten a response yet. If our request is approved we will let everybody know what time to be there. Thank you for your interest. Our second jerky taste test in Boston is outside of Fenway Park tomorrow at 12pm, come out and taste the best jerky in the world. P.S. we'll be there rain or shine. We want to give a big thank you to the backers and new friends that showed up at the Boston Calling Music Festival today. It was cold and rainy but we were so glad to see you. One Bostonian we talked to joked that when it's cold and rainy in May, where she's from, they calls that "jerky eaten weather". We couldn't agree with her more. Hi everybody, we're having two free jerky taste tests of all 3 mouth watering flavors of Kobe Red Jerky. Please join us on May 25th at 12 noon outside of the Boston Calling Music Festival in Boston Ma. On May 26th at 12 noon we will be outside of Fenway Park. Come by both days and taste the best jerky in the world and then text us a review. We would love to meet our awesome backers so come by. We will be at both locations until we run out. We will be wearing our Kobe Red "Raising Sun" T-shirts. See you there, Thank you KRJ Hi David, we didn't offer a "variety pack" of the (1) oz bags because of packaging costs. It's costs roughly the same to package our (1) oz jerky as it does to package our (3) oz jerky. At the $7 pledge with these packaging costs, it's only marginally cost effective to offer it at this price but we wanted everyone to get a taste of our juicy jerky. We offered a kind of (1) oz "variety pack" included in the highest pledge tier because at that level those packaging costs could be absorbed. Thank you for giving us the opportunity to answer that question. We almost forgot, we have another free jerky taste test coming up so please check our post, we would love to see you. David, we are developing a few others flavors we think are original, daring and most of all, mouth watering and flavor rich. We don't want to ruin the surprise so just hang on a little while longer and we'll keep you posted. At present, we are vigilantly working to stay well ahead of the demand for our current amazing flavors. Thank you for your support. It's official, you guys have now made Kobe Red Jerky the most successful beef jerky project in Kickstarter history! This milestone belongs to you, our awesome backers. You made this happen and we are so proud to be a part of this community populated with such amazing people. P.S. this is not a competition and we applaud every Kickstarter, backers and developers alike for having the ideas, vision and desire to reach for something new. That being said, we just think that our backers are the best in the world. thank you, KRJ Hi Winnafred, we are considering a stretch goal that might answer your question. We will keep you posted. Thank you for your support. Before we get to the good stuff you have to hear this quick backstory. Last week we made plans to set a stretch goal, we contacted a company about producing some really cool stuff specifically for you, our awesome backers. The company told us that they would get back to us in a few days with a quote for the merchandise but before the quote came back, guess what, you guys blew right past the stretch goal before we even got a chance to post it. We thought, "that was awesome"! Then we set another stretch goal but the quote for the merch still had not come back so we couldn't post it and then you guys did it again, you went right past the second goal, more awesome! We got the quote back today but by that point you guys had already surpassed a third stretch goal that we didn't even get the chance to post. You guys are the best and to us you have already exceeded our expectations and for that, you should be rewarded. So as of tonight, EVERY single backer will be rewarded for their support. Different backing tears will receive different goodies but no one will be left out. These are just a few of the rewards you can expect to arrive with your sweet and savory jerky: 1. door hangers that read "do not disturb, i'm eating jerky" 2. personalized pens 3. Kobe Red stickers 4. a ringtone of the music from our video and a few other surprises. All of the details are being worked out. Will this be the only stretch goal? No. Will the next stretch goal include something that tastes great? Yes! Stay posted. Thank you so much for your support. Today you have accomplished in making this project a part of Kickstarter history! Today Kobe Red Jerky has more amazing backers than any other beef jerky project ever! And although this is not a competition there is no dishonor in acknowledging your achievements. Take a bow, you deserve it. Here at Kobe Red Jerky we would like to say thank you and congratulations. P.S. stretch goals will be announced tonight. We don't want to spoil the surprise but you may have already surpassed "the goal". Check back in tonight. Hi Jordan, we have gotten a ton of requests for international shipping and we would love to ship world wide but right now it's prohibited. Tomorrow we are announcing stretch goals and that will include something for the awesome international backers that we can't ship our juicy jerky to. Endorsed by the NYPD? Ok correction, endorsed by the (2) amazing NYPD officers we meet yesterday but the rest of the police force could be next! Yesterday we were in New York giving away sample bites of our mouth watering jerky when we were approached by two police officers that wanted to know what we were doing and what we had in the bag. We told them all about our Kobe Red Jerky and our Kickstarter campaign and then we offered them a bite. THIS WAS NOT A BRIBE! But lets just say Officer Jacob and Officer Colagero left with a little extra jerky, not to "keep there mouths closed" but to tell the rest of the great people on the force how good it was.-lol. They were great guys and they loved our jerky. Apparently the user "king kush" did not read this follow up article by the exact same writer for FORBES magazine just a few months later, please read. also, king kush, KICKSTARTER is not the place for negative commenting. <url>#2. We are currently working on a very limited small batch of juicy, mouth watering "summer flavors" to offer plus a few extra goodies. Thank you for raising that question and thank you so much for your support.