@everyone -- I have just sent out direct contact to those that have requested a refund; please look for that if you requested a refund. As of now, there will be no further updates or communications related to the project now that it is over. Please refer to the final backer updates for closing information. Thanks all! Hi James, I should have a more detailed schedule in the next month or so. I have started to make a handful of refunds already but primarily planning out how the bulk will be made. Thanks for your patience! @bubuli - I appreciate your comments. I just added a comment to the last update with a run-down of the major development hurdles. Things were obviously progressing but the body of work remaining was still daunting. Thanks for your support with the project! @ALL -- I've posted the final update to the project: <url>#63 posted! Update #62 posted. @Riley - thanks for your snarky sarcasm! Everything is on track as per the last update with an update scheduled for tomorrow. Tooling plate is complete, carbon fiber kit is complete and I'm scheduled to pump out a first part tomorrow morning (9/27). Update hopefully will come in the evening tomorrow. Pics: <url>"angel" type loan More than likely, it will be a combination of the above. At this point I'm using the cash I have to finish development and get production going. More on all of this in the next update. Thanks everyone for your patience and support! Joe - I'm not able to answer the question at this time but have several options available to me. Thymer - Please see the message I sent you. For everyone else, here's a snippet from that message: "I'm doing my best to provide the highest quality carbon sunglasses. To that end, a plastic sub-frame will be primarily used to hold the lenses behind the carbon, support the hinge (provide enough flex) and add some protection to wearer's face. To the end, I still feel that I will be over-delivering on what I originally set out to do with the project." I know a lot of you are upset about the delays with the project, but the bottom line is that I will fulfill every single pledge. Legal threats certainly aren't productive and since there isn't a contractual delivery date then there's no breach as I'm very actively pursuing the project. I sincerely appreciate all of the positive support from my backers and your continued patience. Hi Joe, I'm still investigating a few other options and remain very positive that I'll be able to obtain the additional funds necessary. I'm using the funds I still have to move the project along. Thanks! Thymer, I'll be posting an update today or tomorrow. Thanks! The few refunds that I offered were not required and now, in order to better serve everyone, I'm not refunding anyone in order to get the project over the finish line. Sorry for the inconvenience. Update #30 posted! Hey JM and Jim - still waiting on the mold from the new shop. I was a bit optimistic with getting it that week on Friday. With closures for the holidays they are trying to finish by the close of business Monday the 31st. I'm planning on the first working day of 2013, Jan 2nd, to be their actual completion for picking up that morning. Once it's in my hands it will be about a day before I press out the first part!!! Thanks Tom! Joe -- yes, I've had to utilize a different control system than Smoothieboard for the CNC. I'm waiting till I press out the first part before I proceed with making the balance of lenses. I'll have a formal update tomorrow -- but briefly, I've started the mold at a second shop and negotiating how to close out the unfinished project at the current machine shop. More on that tomorrow! Hey everyone, here's a quick update. I am STILL waiting on the mold and frustration doesn't begin to describe the feeling I have right now with the machine shop. I'm looking for other shops to do the mold for me, even though I'm going to be going overbudget to duplicate the mold. At this point, the project simply can't be held up because these dudes can't get something done on time (even if they have a ton of different excuses or reasons). I'm pushing forward with everything I got to get these out the door -- I really can't wait to get these in everyone's hands! Thanks again for all your patience! New update posted! Hey Ryan and JM -- I'm working hard on making progress, still running into delays but will have an update this coming weekend when I have a few minutes to breathe. Thanks for your patience! Ryan -- this was my comment from yesterday on that update: Good catch everyone! The final version will use a smaller hardware footprint. 1. The images/CAD show a full size head with visible washers that sticks out. 2. Those brass washers won't be on the final product exterior, either. Both of these things were due to using a standard pivot and screws that were too long. One other thing is note is the hinge thickness (height in the stack- up) is reduced from what is shown. I'm glad everyone is as concerned as I am about the final product's exterior simplicity!!! :) To clarify, what is shown was what was needed to make the general operation of a quick FDM prototype work and not representative of the final product. Okay Okay -- Wednesday night! It's coming tonight -- still early this week! Don't worry, these sunglasses will happen no matter what! :) Hey everyone! Since my last update I've been working on getting production of the tooling completed. This is behind schedule, because while my initial testing of the bonded hinges was looking promising it ended up not living up to my requirements. I even switched to a different adhesive but there was still bond-line failure. So I switched back to a solid mounted hinge design and have that tooling in production now. The hinge style is different than what I've shown in previous updates, but closer to the original concept shown in the video. Pouches are in production and should be done in the next week. As for lenses I'm constructing a CNC machine to cut those out. I'm essentially waiting on tooling to be finished in the next week or two and will start molding/shipping when I receive that. I'll have a formal update early next week with where I'm at. Thanks all for your patience! Hey Thomas -- please just send me a message with the new address and I'll get it updated! I'll have an updated gantt/schedule up Monday, stay tuned! Hey Joe, yes -- I know -- I wish I could have more things to post pictures of but with everything being delayed my plans for picture didn't come through. As soon as I get something new to post I will! :) Hey Andrew -- I'll be posting another update tomorrow when I get an update on the carbon fiber prepreg order from the supplier. Stay tuned! Hey Matt -- Thanks for the comment. Not yet, working hard at getting these through the last final stages so that production can roll through. Most of the components are in production or near completion. The carbon pieces will be the last ones to complete in the next week or two. I'm hoping to wrap everything up in early-July. Derek -- photos coming as soon as I get some components in hand or start to press out parts. I'll be posting an update late tonight to update everyone on how the components are coming along. Thanks! Kyle -- nope, we haven't started shipping but will begin in the next 2 weeks or so. Andrew -- they will be slightly lightly than plastic versions -- carbon fiber is more dense than most plastics, however, the design has less volume than similar styles. Hi Pierson, very soon indeed! Once components start getting completed and are farther in the work process I'll be posting pictures, etc. Ali -- I'd like the sunglasses to be semi-gloss. The ceramic coating is a low-gloss and depending on the final finish of the mold tooling I should be able to get a semi-gloss or something close to it. Hey Matt and Derek -- there will be an update soon (possibly tomorrow). Things on the development side are taking longer than anticipated but everything is moving along. There will be a cascade of updates as the various pieces of the puzzle come together over the next week. Thanks for your patience! Hi Andrés -- we're going through all of the pledge and payment data right now. We'll be sending out the shipping "survey" shortly to gather addresses and see who needs to provide additional funds for international shipping. The additional $20 was supposed to be included in the original pledge, but we'll have another means of providing any additional funds. Thanks! Hey Ryan -- yes, there will be an update early next week. Thanks! Hey Chad -- yeah for sure! Kevlar is much harder to mold but there are some plans in the far future to add some color to the carbon fiber... :) Hi Maximus -- the idea is to create a brand of high-end eyewear, but currently the focus is solely on making the kolstom classic perfect and in a timely manner to reward the project backers. Thanks! Hey Joseph -- thanks! As for the shipping, since the funding is closed the additional fee won't be able to be collected through Kickstarter. We will have an alternative method for submitting that payment in the next week or so. Thanks! //Justin Thanks guys!!! I don't expect them to float due due to the density of the composite. Hey Daniel -- Thanks for backing the project! After the funding period closes and funds have been transferred (it takes about 17-20 business days till I have the funds) tooling can be started, then production! During the duration of the project, I'll be posting updates on the development and production process. Thanks again! Hey Matt -- yes, it's coming up quick! As for the temples, I've been working on getting the color right and unfortunately since it will be a custom ceramic paint shade, it will be a few weeks -- it will look great, I promise! (I won't let it not look awesome and special!). :) Hey Randall, thanks for backing the project! Go IE! :) The lenses are blanks that are coming from Polaroid and we will be doing the lens cutting ourselves. Thanks again! Hi Ali, thanks for the comment!!! The kolstom classics WILL NOT have this issue as I will individually inspect each piece -- these will be hand crafted and inspected in a final inspection fixture to assure symmetry. Thanks again!!! Hi Lawrence, There are definitely plans to add narrow and wide versions down the road. For the scope of the project we won't, however, we possibly will have them ready for this summer once we can fulfill the current orders. Thanks!!! Hi Andrés, you'll have to add the $20 yourself when pledging. You can go to modify your pledge and change it to $170 instead of $150. Thanks! Hi Marcus, we are working on that and will have something posted in the next week or two. Thanks!!! Hi Bradley -- you're correct on the kevlar and I don't plan on attempting to mess with kevlar in the near term. As for UV protection, there will be UV resistant epoxy at a minimum with the possibility of a clear ceramic UV protective coating on top of that. Hi Div3r5ity -- thanks for supporting the project! Unfortunately there isn't carbon fiber in white (there is some kevlar available in white mixed with carbon) but we may eventually offer the sunglasses in other colors by with ceramic coatings. Thanks again!