Thank you for the kind words Robert! Team Elastic is working hard on delivering the top quality possible on Last Year that you and every other backer deserve. It is! I suggest getting onto our Discord Channel to hear more <url>"Yearbook" for all the backers names to be featured there as well. @Ryan not annoying at all. Here's a zip of some art for anybody who wants it <url># of characters at this stage, but well done dialog and systems are a high priority. @Dablue Re: FFA. Yes exactly. Would be great as post launch mods/mode updates that add variation down the line. @Donald Ellis Thank you for your support Donald!! @Deerool Solid stuff. It's really surprised me how the goth girl is such a hot topic. Actually when I first began working on this one of the first things a colleague said to me was the need for the goth girl that senses paranormal things so I think theres something interesting to explore there. @AJ Torres Honored to be your first! @Jonas customizing mic options per game would be useful, for people who want the "ultra real" experience and disabling mic, vs those who would want the killer and all survivors to be able to communicate with each other. Playing with friends you'd want to keep the trash talking/taunting options open. @Mukilan Suresh @Adam Fergus @Dablue Whip and sicles are interesting sounding..For the weapons I'm aiming to ensure each has a distinct feeling that is different in function than the rest..Like for example an axe and a Machete are similiar in how they're used, compared to a harpoon gun or chainsaw. What could be the benefit+drawbacks of the whip/sicle? @Adam Ferguson Elaborate on your thoughts for female Killers.. @Mark Churchill Absolutely man go for it! Always appreciate helping the word spread. @Dablue @Mukilan Suresh Awesome! And guys if it takes me a day or so to reply no need to worry - I'll respond, just receiving hundreds of messages a day and responding to each one takes some time :D ! @Elliot Obregon PC only for now, unless you utilized bootcamp on the mac...which I did lots of before and L4D ran awesomely on it (2011 ish imac with win7) @duhfool Backstabbing is a really interesting idea, if it can be done at certain points that have clear positive/negative outcomes like the truck you mentioned, and not necessarily just at random..to avoid everybody killing eachother from the get go. Another aspect is possibly one survivor assigned to help the killer in some small way...a saboteur. @Mukilan Suresh A lot of funny possibilities for cheesy/classic sounding achievements :) @Dablue Enhancements, but I'd prefer the term making the experience deeper vs wider: -The possibility of being able to adding mod / custom map support -More language options for VO and interface translation -More complex dialog playback systems (more options/variations for auto-triggered and manually triggered dialog so that it doesn't become repetitive. A funny line gets old fast when it's heard again and again. -More music and complex interactive music systems. -Better anti-cheat solutions Size: The maps need to be quite large to accomodate a series of objectives but also to have "relief" points where the survivors get a moment of peace to prepare/plan tactics the next leg... sort of like a relay race. It's not possible to give an exact square footage on it but they aren't arenas or counter strike battle maps...they are longer, more complex areas. Yes on matchmaking. This is another area that'll need yours and community feedback on. Post launch would be additional maps/scenarios free of charge for backers (what about the possibility of officially incorporating popular community maps as release?). Transitioning discussion over to Last Year forums is the plan with updates coming as often as possible because as I mentioned I want you guys experiencing the evolution of this game from the perspective of someone who is there in the room...not just someone buying a box on a shelf and having no say in it. Granted, sometimes it can spoil the experience of the magic when you don't having a fresh look at it..so a balance of what/when to show will be important so as not to burn anybody out or create too many preconceptions..plus keeping it exciting. @Tyler Anthony Edwards Yes in the sense of AI - not so much a singleplayer "campaign" but rather a offline mode for when you want to just play alone, the internet is down, or just friendless :D @Lyrad 5 Survivors + 5 Killers (not including the community designed ones which are yet to be created). Killer variants aren't just skins either - for example chainsaw killer is a different gameplay style than the machete guy. Same with the harpoon guy. If you want to be quick and slashy choose the machete guy, but it'll require more hits to fully kill the student vs. the chainsaw guy who can destroy a whole group in seconds (but moves slower than the machete guy as a result) so you'll choose the tactics that fits your preferred style. DLC/additional maps and features should and will be free to backers, since post-launch support and offerings are important to maintaining the lifespan as you mentioned. @Adam Ferguson Ski resort gone bad would be awesome, creepy chalets and buildings on mountain in the wilderness. A trello style running list of community suggestions that can be upvoted would be pretty interesting to compile ideas like this. @Mark Churchill That would be another backervoted / designed element, so I'll wait and let the community decide what the final design would be, based on a few options. Could even be tied into the design a character aspect as well. @Mukilan Suresh Awesome thanks for the good comments. You can write me anytime directly too at <email> Proud to have you as a backer as well! @Stroke Cheers thanks man! Yep, aiming for as many as possible. For me that's where the value is...making sure as many people can experience it in their native language as possible. @Dablue RE: James: also, this game needs full frontal nudity (Friday the 13th) and a self resurrection mode... (you shoot the killer, you turn and and his body is gone. (Halloween) Something very similar I thought of too. There would be a kind of funny gameplay mechanic there where someone on the team would HAVE to keep looking at the killer in order for him to stay "dead" while the others complete a task. If all 5 players don't have the killer in sight, even for a second, the body magically disappears and the killer can spawn again. Classic. @Dablue Clown would be awesome! Actually someone mentioned the 3rd map should be an old amusement park...so that would fit quite nicely. @Sean Herron The medic is still evolving feature wise and she'll need more than healing, open to hearing what you guys think. Smoke do sound cool, especially if other characters can use it as well..or the previously mentioned needle that you can stab the killer with. Potentially combing items with the slingshot was another thing suggested: ie. you could sling a rock, a needle, a smoke bomb... @Aiden H too early to give exact spec...aiming for as scalable as possible. I've always respected Valve titles and their ability to play on anything. I'd like to make LY similarly scalable. @Cameron Hardisty EXACTLY. Thanks for pointing those out. These are the types of features I'm talking about when I say details and polish are the highest priority. I'm working on a dialog system for exactly this purpose...all those little quips and comedic relief lines add SO much to a game. Dialog is very, very, very important. Player should be able to manually trigger, but also dialog auto-trigger depending on the situation that's happening. @Mukilan Suresh Outrise is a playable prototype and some people are working on it (it looks pretty darn impressive actually) But my focus and time is dedicated to Last Year. @Adam Ferguson Yeah I hear you, the design character being tied to a reward tier would disclude those who didn't jump at the chance fast enough (sleeping, different time zone, not at the computer, etc)...in addition to the paywall factor. Pretty much everyone would be disappointed except the person who was lucky enough to snag it first. A Multi entry, community based voting would be really great and give more than just 1 person the opportunity. Like I said though, totally open for debate on this to find something that would be awesome for everyone to be able to partake in. @Christian @Lyrad You know, since we'll be doing this more on a voting system rather than a payed tier another possibility is that we have multiple people selected to design the character and then you guys vote/give feedback the best of all those multiple entries. It's really up to you guys on how want it to work, I just want you involved :) I really wish everyone could design the character but for obvious reasons we'd then have thousands of characters to make. At least this way everyone could vote on perhaps 8 community designs? What do you guys think? @Dablue Feel free to msg me at <email> with any questions as well. Responding to the hundreds and hundreds of messages in the inbox :) @Jonah Lutchmedial Yes! I'm targeting mid range but no exact spec right now. However, It'll be as scalable as possible. It'll be competitive visually, but planning Crysis levels of PC punishment. @Stroke Hey Man! I addressed the issue with stretch goals a couple times and the reasons I don't feel it's the right choice. With any additional funding I plan to enhance the content that will already there with more localization options and overall more polish and details. Adding more platforms is huge...it significantly increases costs, time and numerous other factors and I don't see a value in adding it just for the sake of making a few dollars more. I would love to have Mac/Linux or console support, don't get me wrong, but I'm focused on delivering the initial goal: a successful, highly polished experience for PC. An awesome, polished experience on one platform is preferred than an unpolished experience on multiplatform. @Ted Yue Hey Ted Based on requests a 6 pack bundle is now available for this! @Nicholas Thank you!! It made perfect sense to have this type of bundle. @Josh Hah me too! :) Thanks so much for your support. @Jonathan Stark Thanks for your support. Code! :) @Ben @Brett Thanks guys :D @ Tyler Anthony Edwards Similar to Andrew's question. I'd like to enhance and supplement the content that exists from the beginning and use additional funding to refine and"make it better" rather than just "add more stuff"and that would include things like localizing the game for more languages, creating dynamic and trigger-able dialog, and more interactivity in the music. @ Sean Boland Thank you Sean!! :) @Andrew regarding stretch goals. I'd like to use additional funds to enhance the content that already exists in game rather than just "adding more". For example, adding international language support and more variety of character dialog will enhance what already exists and make it better. Basically I just want all content included from the beginning and any additional funds used to supplement that content. I prefer this rather than tacking on gameplay mechanics or features that are dependent on certain levels of funding :) @Mukilan Suresh Oh yeah College Humor!! Thank you, and to the many more communities that pledged. Hey guys first a huge thank you. Seriously, how humbling and inspiring it is to see so much positive feedback and support. We hit the goal and there's still 11 days to go!! Wow. Update #5 was just posted here: <url>’m not raising funds in the range of millions of dollars it is feasible to refund on an individual basis. So far I’ve personally invested eight thousand dollars. More info on below. 2: I have nearly 10 years of in-house experience working for Crytek, Ubisoft, Gameloft, and Square Enix. I've also worked on ad campaigns and have been credited on trailers including ones for Destiny and Transformers 4. I've spent many, many, many late nights working alongside animators, coders, producers and every discipline trying to ship a build on time so I’ve experienced the true effort of what it takes to make a product. It's not easy making a game and I don't expect Last Year to be made with a single person workforce...that would be crazy. 3. The pitch video was not donated from friends. So far I’ve invested approximately eight thousand dollars of my personal money to work on this, which includes hiring talented artists (even friends deserve to be paid), as well as creating art myself. I edit, design, write, texture, lighting/shading, sound design, and implementation of assets. I'm not sure where you assume anything was donated but hopefully that adds some additional clarity to how this project started. 4. I know what you are saying about keeping games full. It totally sucks when you can’t find full games. I have design plans in the works for single player, but this adds a tremendous layer of resources required including extensive AI and it would be too unrealistic to promise that at this early stage. I’d aiming smaller to be able to deliver something realistic rather than trying to bite off more than can be chewed. I appreciate your feedback. Let me know if I can help answer or clear up any other questions. Cheers! James