Please see the latest updates for information on the status of the course: Update #1: <url>#2: <url>#34) for information on accessing the course. @Everyone - If you are asking for a refund, please send me a message directly on Kickstarter. That is the only way that I am currently processing refunds. If you have commented here after my latest comment, please send me a direct message with your refund request, and I will process it for you. If you have commented here earlier than 7 days before this comment, you will need to send me a direct message to receive a refund. Again, you must send me a direct message for a refund. For all other questions, feel free to email me. Thanks! For any future questions about refunds, please contact me directly because it will allow me to process them quicker. Thank you. Also, if you have a question about the process of uploading of the content, there is a specific thread in the forums dedicated to those questions, which I am happy to answer. Thanks, and best wishes to you all. @Fuad @Donna @Boram @Richard @Arthur @Connor - You have been added to the list, and will be notified when these have been proocessed. @Larry - Yes, that is what I have explained in my updates about the availability of the content. Your refund has been processed. @Dennis @John @Vatsal - Your refunds have all been processed. Thanks for following along this far, and I wish you the best! @Neil - Great idea, Neil! I respect that you want a straight answer and will give you one. The answer to your question is "Yes!" In fact, you definitely seem like you're onto my plans for the course. The options to either view all of the videos online or download them all at once will both be available on July 4th. Here is a link to more information about that: <url>#32 has a lot of information, which just recently went out so you may have not had a chance to see it yet. Definitely go ahead and read that for more information about the plans. As I have mentioned and showed many times, refunds will be processed without a problem. That being said, I have processed a complete refund to you (you will see instructions sent to your email address). Thanks, and I wish you the best! @Greg - The reason for breaking down the content into batches is to make sure the site functions properly and to catalog any issues the members are currently have with the site, which has helped me stop any bugs that may affect a greater number of people later. Once I have made sure of this, the rate will increase and the videos will all be available shortly after. I have more detail that explains this in the last two Kickstarter updates. Thanks, and let me know if you have anymore questions. Also, there is a schedule of the newest content here: <url>#latest I'll continue to update that post throughout this process. @Summer - As I have always stated, I will refund you without any issues. That being said, I have processed a full refund to you, Masakazu Handa, (you should receive an email with details) for your pledge. @Greg - The reason for adding more details about the uploading process in the forums in a specified discussion is because I am able to continue to edit and re-edit the scheduled times for the next batch of content each day. Major updates on Kickstarter will still be coming out, but those are only editable for 30 minutes after posting them. There are actually no more delays. Kickstarter still is the primary way I use to reach out to everyone - the forums are for very specific information posted by me to members of the course, unique and already incredibly intriguing conversations (In the "General" category, there is currently an amazing discussion going on where people are talking about the apps they want to build). As I said, you will still be receiving overall updates through Kickstarter - the forums are a great place for members that want to have very specific questions answered in great detail. You don't necessarily have to follow along on the forums. They are available to the members that want to use them. Thank you for sharing your thoughts about this - Kickstarter updates will continue to be posted with great detail to explain most overall things about the project. @Greg - Please check out this discussion in the forums: <url>#30, as it explains how I am taking care of the issues. I am currently in the process of making sure any issues that I was not formerly in control of never have a chance of happening again. Please don't hesitate to send another message about specific issues. Thanks! @Vatsal - Great idea! I have fixed the issues with the videos, which are all currently ready. As mentioned in Update #30, please check out how the 'fix' will work! @Matthias - I verified that all of your questions and comments to me were answered. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and sending me a direct message here on Kickstarter! @Richard - Yep! Any questions like yours have been answered (through Update #30 and other direct messages). Thanks for making sure to ask! @Sanath - Thanks! I have taken care of the updates and have responded to everyone's questions. @Norman - You are very right. Thank you for sharing your thoughts. It is often hard to see the reality of the situation. @Greg - It looks like everything has been settled with the questions you had. Let me know if there are any more that you would like me to answer! @Agis - No more waiting periods! Check out Update #30 for more information that elaborates on this more! @Patrick - Great question! This has been answered in the latest update, but a quick summary is that the Section 1 videos will be available this evening and you will receive a detailed update before then! @Maciek - I'm not quite sure if I understand your question completely. Can you elaborate on it with more information that you're looking for? Thanks! @Pamela - Yep! An email will be sent out after an update with more detailed instructions is posted for everyone! @Richard - The latest update explains the issues regarding your question. In summary, there were some problems with the hosting provider, and they are being dealt with. @Neil - Any bugs with the forums should be fixed. Thanks for letting me know about this! Once your forum account is approved, you will be able to use it freely. @Keith - Partially. The videos for Section 1 will be available later this evening. @Nick - An email will be sent out to you after a detailed update is sent out. Great question! Make sure to check out the updates in the meantime. @Agis - Check out the very latest update I posted (#30), where your question is answered and then some. It does a much better job of explaining access to the course than I can here. @Ronnie - Thanks for the kind words. I do appreciate it! @Everyone - Check out Update #30 for the latest news and answers to your questions! <url>érôme - And thank you for believing in this project! I am making sure everything is as perfect as possible! @Richard - Fantastic! Thanks Richard. This community is the best, and the journey is going to be amazing! @Neil - Great! I can't wait until everything launches! @Ravi - Thanks, but it's really all thanks to the backers. They believed in this project. @Stephen - That's an impressive background you have there! Great work so far! If you've already been able to pick up programming so far, then you'll be ahead - this course should be completely fine for you. Fantastic work so far! @Matthias - In late May! @Gonçalo - Ok, that sounds great! You can contact me by email or message here anytime with your ideas! The course will launch in late May! @Zamburak - Ok, great! Those interviews will definitely be very valuable to you! Great question about Objective-C. If you're not familiar with programming, Objective-C is a relatively complex. In this course, I will break everything down step-by-step to make sure you understand everything, so don't worry about that right now! @Paul - You called it! @Wilfred - It's great to have you on board. Youtube can be great to figure out small, specific things, but this course will give you everything in one place. An "alumni" type of page will definitely be available, because I would hope that some of you might partner up on projects down the road. I will also be featuring 'students'' apps, and I have a few more plans that I'll be announcing soon! @George - I'm excited that you're ready and enthusiastic about learning! I am definitely ready to get going! One thing to note is that the money won't come in immediately, but if you put in the work and really implement the strategies in this course, then income will start to generate and it will be one of the best feelings ever! @Gabriel - Great question! First off, realizing what your goal is and taking action (ie. purchasing this course) is the first step towards changing your life. Then as you start to learn you will realize that you are understanding small concepts and the little things will begin to make sense. Then those little things will add up to big things and open doors that you never knew existed. If you are tech savvy already, then that will help as you go along! Learning app development might seem like a far stretch now, but it is one big goal that can be broken down into smaller goals, which is what we do in the course. @Gabriel - Thanks for sharing that with me, Gabriel. I understand what it's like to struggle with lazy behavior. In this course I will do my best to motivate each and every one of you to push through and learn everything! If a member of this course went on to develop a hit app, then that would be thanks to the hard work and time that they invested in themselves. I'm just providing a learning resource to build a platform with. @Neil - That's an awesome goal! I've seen that project and I think some really interesting things are going to happen with it and the community surrounding it! This course (and especially The Ultimate Package) will give you the solid foundation you need to start developing apps that will integrate things like MetaWear! @Joseph - Ok, great! Wow, so you have a nice situation and a relatively solid goal! That's amazing. First of all, if you're surrounded by developers (at your app company), then this will be much easier for you because they'll hopefully be able to help out along the way. I definitely know what you mean by investing in yourself, growing your skill set, and being rewarded for it - it's what I've learned to do everyday. Of course, and seriously: congratulations on taking that first step to investing in a better future. I really look forward to hearing how things go for you! @Pavandip - Awesome! The Ultimate Package includes A LOT of content. To break it down, the 3 main sections of the course are already going to be many, many hours. It's too hard to put an exact number on it right now (I'm still building the course), but it will take you a GOOD amount of dedication each day to get through the course. Then you have the two bonus sections, which are incredibly lengthy by themselves. I'm packing them with as much valuable content as possible. On top of that, the interviews are going to be around 30mins - 1hr each, and you'll be able to access those are you please. @Alcide - Thanks! And that's the goal! @Ma - Awesome! Thanks, and will do! @Waqar - Welcome, and get ready for the journey! It's going to be a lot of fun! @Alvin - That's a fantastic idea! I'll be looking into that for the next Q&A session! @Shubham - Thanks, and congratulations on taking that step! The course will come out in middle to late May. I can't wait to see you there! @Robert - Perfect! I know you got my personal messages, but I also want to say thanks for creating an account to sign up for the course! @Abdul - Great! Get ready for learning how to create your own iPhone apps, design them well, and sell them effectively! @steve-o - You definitely won't! And welcome! @Alvin - First off, I'm glad you went up to the Ultimate Package. It truly is the best of all worlds - with the entire main course on learning how to create your app ideas, a full step-by-step video tutorial on designing an entire app, a complete guide to making money with apps, and the interviews with professional developers, designers, and those making a living with their iPhone apps. What specifically would make the course "worth it" to you? @Han - Haha, great point, Han! I am putting every inch of my spirit into this project, and that release time frame is realistic for providing the best possible course for you all. @Κώστας Παπικινός - The full course will be up and available started in middle to late May. After that, you will be able to access it 24/7 around the world! If you're already working a lot of hours and only have a small window of time to access the course, then this will be perfect for you. @Xylinder - Thanks for following along with the project! Sure thing! "Too good to be true" - wow, thank you! I really appreciate the kind words. I can assure you that this is 130% true, as I'm working on the website as I'm writing this comment! =] @Abdul - If you change your pledge to $99, it will be as if you're adding $50 to your original pledge. So everything works out in the background and your total pledge will be $99. Let me know if you need anymore help! @Kevonne - Awesome! I'm glad you're excited! The $99 package (AKA The Ultimate Package) is $99 total. So if you already pledged $49, then you would change your pledge amount to $99 and then select "The Ultimate Package". So it would come out as $49 + $50 --> $99. The post linked below shows how to upgrade at the bottom: <url>"Mac In Cloud" if you have a PC. I'll update the project with more information about that! @Richard - You will need an Apple Developer Account if you would like to test the apps on your own devices or publish them to the App Store. If you don't have an account, you can use the iOS Simulator, which will work fine for this course, too. Let me know if you have anymore questions!