Aaron, that is correct. Hey Jason, yes, you will be able to upgrade to a higher tier. We weren't quite sure what the survey tool would allow us to do, but this feature is enabled. Let us know if you have any other specific questions. Hi everyone, Thank you so much for all your support, we couldn't have done this without you. You all rock! @Nicolas - when you get your survey through, you'll be able to select add-ons then. :) Thanks again, The Lightseekers Team Adam, here you go... 1.) will I be allowed to share pictures of the figures? Sure, not a problem. 2.) would I be able to share my figure(s) interacting (not actual game play footage) Absolutely. 3.) what exactly are the details in "destroying" a figure? would shipping be covered to return said figures? Emailing us a photo of a destroyed figure would suffice. What else you you want to know? Thanks for backing us! Hi Robin, first of all thanks for your feedback. It's our first Kickstarter, so we're learning on the go. Because our platform has so many different elements, it was really tough to determine the best way to structure them. We wanted to offer a variety of reward levels (without offering too many or being too confusing) and offer something for those who lean more towards digital-only play, figure play, or trading card play. I guess we separated them too much and ended up making things more confusing than we wanted. Unfortunately, now that our campaign is live - KS won't let us change them. Robin, nothing would stop you from having a friend pledge on the $15 trader pack for you. We just wanted to give people as many options as possible to try to the trading card game because it's so awesome. We also thought people who bought the $15 pack may want to add-on a second pack so they can play a proper game. A booster pack add-on is a good idea. We'll look into adding that this week. Thanks for the suggestion! Maybe we do digital rewards as an add-on to the $50/$60 pack? What do you think? Hey Adam, we're still finalizing the waiver. What are you curious about? Maybe we can answer. Aurelien, thanks for the kind words. To clarify, the Cardseeker pack just includes what is listed. The only physical items in this pack are the cards. The rest are digital in-game rewards and inclusion in the digital beta test. Hopefully that helps. Let us know if you have any additional questions. @David, thanks for your comment. We're really sorry if our tier structure was off-putting to you. That was definitely not our intent! It's our first Kickstarter, so we're learning on the go. Because our platform has so many different elements, it was really tough to determine the best way to structure them. We wanted to offer a variety of reward levels (without offering too many or being too confusing) and offer something for those who lean more towards digital-only play, figure play, or trading card play. I guess we missed the mark with your interests and we're sorry about that. We'd like to better understand exactly what you're looking/hoping for. We'll message you directly to learn more.