Hi Everyone! It's been a while since our last update. Just finishing up some very last minute editing and will have the book sent to Tezuka Pro in the next few days. The next update will come by the end of this week! Regarding Marin's question, Canadian backers do not need to add additional funds. Thanks for your patience everyone! Hey Everyone! The next update will be coming up very shortly. I hope to get it up today. It will include the finalized list of the first 500 backers who will be receiving the animation cel as well as the timeline for when everyone should be receiving the book. We will probably ask for addresses sometime next week. I hope this information helps for now! Thanks everyone! Hey Russell, Thanks for letting us know. I'll shoot Kickstarter customer support a message. Hopefully they will get back to me in a reasonable amount of time. You'd think that they would have some sort of phone support, eh? Hey Everyone! We are about to put up another quick update. Expect a second and third update later in the week going over the timeline for when we plan on having everything completed with the book. @Daniel: The books will NOT be ready for Florida Supercon. We mentioned this in an earlier update as well as on the Florida Supercon website. However, we are still going to attend, so if you happen to be going, stop by our booth to say hi :) @ΛΔ and Russell: Yes, you will still be able to add the additional funds to cover the cost of shipping, albeit, not through Kickstarter. We will be including the information in another update later this week and you will have the ability to add the funds through either Amazon Payments or PayPal. Thank you everyone, YOU ARE AMAZING!!! Hi Russell! That is a GREAT suggestion and it will likely affect a number of countries. I don't know why we didn't think of this earlier. We will need to speak with our distributor before saying anything definitive, but we will look into marking all books shipped abroad as gifts so that some of you will be able to get a tax break. Thanks for the suggestion!!! Hi Daniel! At this point, the book is about 3/4 done. We are still waiting an the finalized translations of a few of the chapters, some of the chapters have yet to be edited, and everything still needs to go through the Copy Editor and proofreaders. We will be providing an update in the next few days with a complete timeline of what still needs to be completed, when we plan on having a physical proof of the book ready, and when the books will be ready to be mailed out to everyone. Our final digital copy of the book should be ready by July 15th. Hopefully this information helps! Thanks for your support!!! Hi Everyone! We have asked our distributor about the possibility and any potential legal implications of us declaring the package value under £15 (for those located outside of the US). We are still waiting to hear back about this, but at this point I don't see why we wouldn't be able to. We'll let everyone know as soon as we do. Thanks again! Hi Nicholas! We just received the numbers last night. The shipping update will be up TODAY. Thanks!!! Hi Everyone, Sorry for the delay regarding international shipping costs. I have not yet received this information, but hopefully I will be able to post it on Monday. I will be sure to include the cost of purchasing multiple books as there should be a heavy discount on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th books and so on. Please give it a few more days before cancelling your pledge. I will include this information in another update so that everyone will receive an email regarding this matter. Thanks for your understanding and patience! Hi CJ, The "free" t-shirt will be similar to the one shown in the picture on the main page. The Kickstarter logo as well as our logo might be in a different position but the image on the front will be the same. We are using Hanes tagless shirts for the "free" shirts so the quality of the shirts are going to be pretty decent. We will try to provide a collection of colors and possibly multiple designs for backers to choose from for The Gravy Train T-shirt, so that this shirt will be different from the "free" one. It will also be made of a softer cotton material than the free T-shirt. Sorry, but we do not currently have these designs ready. Once the campaign ends we will send out a survey to all backers who purchased one of The Gravy Train t-shirts with the different colors and designs to choose from. I hope this information helps! I will also be including it in the next update. Thanks for the question! Hi ΛΔ! Good question. I'll need to consult our printer about this, but I don't see why we wouldn't be able to use "ΛΔ." The case of the book will be sewn and bound in a Skivertex fabric. Our intention is for the cover to have a classic leather look to it. I hope this helps. Thanks for your support!!! Hi Bo! No need to worry about using your real name or an alias through Kickstarter. Once the campaign ends, assuming that Tezuka Productions doesn't have a problem with us including everyone's name in the book, we will send out emails to everyone requesting what name they would like to include in the book (one name per person, you will be able to use whatever name you choose). Thanks for your support! Hi AMy! Thanks for the suggestion. You are absolutely right. I have just changed the information on the front page to be more clear. Hopefully all new backers will read it first. Thanks for the help! Hi Ricardo! That really is a great find! I wish I would have seen that a few weeks ago. We will definitely find some new method to deal with international shipments for our next campaign. Thanks for the information! Hi Koyore! Backers must add an additional $5 for shipping if they would like the t-shirt. The $37 price is for domestic buyers who choose to not receive the t-shirt. Assuming that we reach our extended goal of selling 1,000 books here, so that all backers have the option of receiving a t-shirt, then you will receive 2 t-shirts plus the vinyl sticker for your $57 pledge ($52 pledge plus $5 shipping). I apologize for this, but you are welcome to change your pledge to only the book :) Hello Everyone! I am working on another update now that will address all of your questions and concerns. There will still be another update later this week with exact prices for international shipping. The last update caused a bit of a commotion, but that was to be expected :) We really appreciate everyone's understanding with this. Our need to change the cost of shipping was a major rookie mistake and will undoubtedly put off many backers and potential backers. As a result, we will be providing an option for backers to opt out of receiving the t-shirt for a discount off of the cost of shipping. Expect the next update shortly, and thanks again for you continual support! Best, Andrew Hi Moral Wiz! I'm very pleased to hear that The Crater will be your first manga! You picked a great place to start. Unlike Osamu Tezuka's more popular works that were primarily geared towards children, The Crater was written during a stretch in Tezuka's career when he was experimenting with new concepts and formats and was written mainly for adult audiences. I look forward to hearing what you thought of this book after you read it. Thanks for your support! Hi Shodan! I think that one way or another a new Devilman re-release is inevitable. Not sure if Verotik still owns the rights for the US release though. Either way, Devilman is definitely another great title that we are interested in. Thanks for the suggestion! We are one step closer to reaching our extended goal! Thanks for the tremendous support everyone! Expect Update #2 by tomorrow (Friday, May 31). We have some new information regarding the book that EVERYONE will want to hear :) Hi Martin! We've been trying our best to get some of the bigger comic/manga/anime websites to post articles about this project, but only a handful of them have done so. If you have any ideas for more websites or blogs we'd be happy to hear them :) Thanks for your support! Hi Ricardo! Thanks for your support! Those really are great suggestions and EXACTLY the type of manga that we would like to publish. Osamu Tezuka is just the tip of the iceberg. But we needed a place to start that we felt confident enough would sell books and create a fan base for our company. In order to be able to publish authors like Ikki Kajiwara and George Akiyama, who are not nearly as widely known as Osamu Tezuka, we FIRST need to establish ourselves. Expect future releases by these mangaka and many other lesser known geniuses. Thanks again! Hi Nicholas! Anime Sols is doing some very cool stuff. We wish them the best of luck and hope for their success! You are welcome to post any comments that you feel might benefit the Osamu Tezuka fan community (in my earlier comment, I suggested that Ian buy/read Vertical's recent Adolf releases). Thanks for the suggestion Nicholas! Hi Everyone! I have received a lot of messages regarding whether you are one of the first 500 people who purchased a book, specs of the book itself, international shipping fees, bulk orders, requests for specific numbered books, etc. I am currently working on an FAQ that should be ready in the next day or two. The FAQ will include a list of the first 500 people who purchased a book as well as answers to all of the above questions and concerns. Thanks again everyone!!! Hi Mark! Thanks for the suggestion! I think that's a great idea. If anyone has any specific questions, I will be happy to answer. I'll try to come up with a good write up of how we got started, obstacles that we faced along the way, and our current relationship with Tezuka Productions. As you can imagine, Yuka and I are pretty swamped right now, but I will try to get this information out to everyone by the end of this weekend. As for the first update...I'm working on that right now :) Hi David! A while back we gave Tezuka Productions a short list of Osamu Tezuka books that we would like to publish and I.L. was towards the TOP of that list. If we're able to sell all 2,000 copies of The Crater through this campaign there is a very good chance that you will be seeing an English release of I.L. soon! (Maybe as part of an extended goal for our next campaign...?). Thanks for your support and the comment! Hi Ian! Thanks for your question. We don't have an exact page count yet as we are still waiting on the supplementary materials (Foreword, Introduction, etc.), but you should expect the total length of the book to be somewhere between 520-550 pages. There are some GREAT mature Tezuka books from Vertical and Digital Manga out there. If you haven't read it yet, I highly suggest Adolf, which has recently been reprinted in a 2-volume set by Vertical Inc. Hi Nakano! Tezuka Productions does not require that books be published in hard cover format. In fact, the majority of Osamu Tezuka books in my own personal collection are paperbacks. The reason that we chose to publish a hard cover edition of The Crater is because we believe that it makes for a more appropriate collector's item. As we publish more books, we will likely publish some paperbacks so that the cost is less for consumers. Thanks for your question! Hi Colton! Currently, the best forum to make suggestions is either on this Kickstarter page or on the Community page on our website <url>