Hey Amanda, Thanks for the comment, and for letting me know about v-neck. If there's one thing I've learned so far about producing apparel, it's that it's hard to please everyone with a single style. We've received some notes about how well the v-necks fit, asking for a link to purchase them in solid colors, and some notes about how a crew neck would be preferable. What I've taken away from all our feedback is that more variety is better, and you'll definitely see that from us over the next few months. I hope our next style of ladies' t-shirt will work for you, and that you'll consider trying it out! Thanks again, Danny Hey Amanda - if you send me an email with your order #, we'll figure out what's going on. Sometimes international shipping can take a while, but I'll make sure you get your t-shirt Hi Christopher - it looks like you may not have placed an order yet. If you get in touch with me directly we'll get everything sorted out. Hey Sebastian - the screens for the Great Gatsby contain the entire book (it actually starts again about halfway down the back of the shirt). The t-shirts themselves will always contain a subset of the screens, with larger shirts containing a larger subset. You can find additional info and some photos of the process on the Kickstarter page. Hey Joshua - skipping and pooling around seams and under the arms is expected and unavoidable, but outside of those areas it is not. Feel free to send me an email with photos and I'll let you know if what you're seeing is normal. Sharprint actually posted an infographic a few weeks ago with info about what they learned during this print run. They are the leaders in the field, and even they are constantly learning and improving: <url>"box 4" is actually the white space from the design itself (the rabbit hole). You can see it on the photos below that box, where the full shirts are visible on the models. The male model is wearing a size M, while the female models are both wearing a womens' S. What I was trying to show in the printing process images is how the designs are burned into a single, huge screen that is used across all t-shirt sizes. Since the unisex M shirt is larger than the womens' S, more of that white loop is visible. The loop continues below where the unisex M shirt ends, so an XL, for example, would include even more. This is also why I mentioned that even for shorter books like Alice in Wonderland and The Great Gatsby, where we can in fact fit the entire text on the screens, it's impossible for every word to be printed on a given shirt. Each shirt contains a subset of the entire screen, with larger shirts containing more than smaller shirts. Hope that helps, and thanks for your support! Danny Hi Maxim, Absolutely. If you'd like 2 custom digital litographs, you can pledge $20. Thanks for your support! Danny Thanks everyone! Johann and Steffen - if you'd like more than one reward, just pledge the combined amount of the rewards you'd like. Here are some examples: + If you'd like (3) t-shirts, pledge $90 + If you'd like (2) screen prints and (2) t-shirts, pledge $160 If you are located outside the US, please add a total of $10 for international shipping. You can choose any reward tier. After the campaign ends, I'll get in touch so that you can let me know which combination you had in mind, and where to ship each reward. Thanks! - Danny