@Dave. Didn't you just back the Lono Water Sprinkler? Their project page just shows a 3D rendering. And their video just shows someone catching a plastic box and a phone in the rain! Ask them to show you the product in action as see what their response is. Even today, @manoko who is one of the people who harassed my wife via Facebook is still spreading lies about our "fake company". And they must not have access to this link showing our active business since 1998. <url>’t link a Facebook account. If we were to link a Facebook account, it would have been to a LUCI group, not to a personal page. Then, some people started questioning our business. So we shared the link to our business registration on the Quebec government website. This apparently didn’t change a thing. These few users were so heavily brainwashed by Michael Paul Coder that nothing could convince them otherwise. Some were even suggesting that the Quebec government website was fake! We won’t even comment on that one. The Quebec business registry website was down for maintenance this weekend, and we even saw comments saying “that’s convenient”, like we had something to do with the Quebec government’s website being down for maintenance! By this time, these few people were dissecting every little part of our project and imagining things that we’re there. Some people started seeing things like the angle at the logo on the headband, etc. Some people were even wondering if we pasted an image of a headband on my wife! We had bought a stock photo (the sleeping woman) from iStock and created a visual representation from it. Some people didn’t even realize that we intentionally created that image as a visual and believed that it was just another tactic to fool them. Some people even began saying that we stole the image of the sleeping woman on the net. One person even said he contacted our domain registrar, GoDaddy, to have them cancel our account. Like as if the domain names we own have ANYTHING to do with ANTHING! You can see how off course this whole thing was getting. Even though the ridiculousness had already gotten out of control by this time, we would still have continued using Kickstarter. However, on Monday morning, my wife logged in to her Facebook account to find harassing private messages. One of them saying “We know who you are and where you live”. But it doesn’t stop there. Some of you pretending to be from news agencies like CNN, etc, started calling my father who happens to have the same name as me. When we understood that ONE PERSON (a competitor) was capable of all this; taking this fun little project and brainwashing people to believe it’s fake, to the point of making these people harass my family, we decided that the unstable nature of crowdfunding and the type people it comprises was definitely not for us. Plus, all of these troublemakers kept a $1 contribution, which would have permitted them to harass us during the entire development & manufacturing process. We greatly apologize to the 2500+ backers who DID believe in our project. Rest assured that you will be receiving a $150 rebate from the $299 retail price when LUCI comes out in the spring. We are sorry that a handful of troublemakers ruined it for all of you, but we had no choice as they started harassing my family. So, we secured a loan equivalent to the projected amount of our campaign, and this from a SINGLE investor. This funded amount will be ample for us to complete the development of our product (in silence) and have it for sale at online retailers in the spring. Hi folks, Nice to see that you're still active with your little theories that have been addressed MANY times. Since this ridiculous discussion is still ongoing, we thought we'd create an automated sticky with all the points we've addressed. Craig, we buy all our stock photography from www.iStock.com. Best quality photos at the best price in our opinion. @Alexandre Dubé-Pakenham, that photo was already addressed and approved by Kickstarter before our project went live. It's a simple visualization of our product. They deemed it as acceptable as long as we don't use it as our project's main image. Thanks for pointing that out though. We have narrowed down our search for a circuit designer who will be capable of implementing the features you all asked for. We are very excited that these features are now plausible and we hope to deliver the best product possible in the spring! Please look out for our next update where we will be compiling a list of all the requested features. It will be the last chance to add things to the list before the project goes into full force. Thank you once again for all your support!!! @manoko, look at the updates section once in a while. A link to the quebec business registry is there. @Daryll, we away are on vacation. We have a home office! Okay, going around in circles. We will be posting our update of requested features on Wednesday. Thanks to all who are not buying into this nonsense. You will be receiving your LUCI's this spring as promised. :) @Alexandre, we are away from the office this week. @manoko. Your use of video software doesn't impress anybody here. The authorities have your REAL message. So does my wife. And so do I. @manoko, nice try. We only want pledges from people who are passionate about this project. If we end up with only $200,000 in funds from quality backers, we couldn't be happier. @Majid, that doesn't matter because we will be automatically refunding the pledges of everybody who is participating in this discussion. We just don't do business with people like that. @Manoko for harassing my family and denying it. No thanks. We certainly don't want people like that backing this project. We will concentrate on the other 2600 backers that are expecting a quality product in the spring. @tim, we are away from the office. All the materials and parts are sourced. The circuit designer is all but hired, and you are on your way to receiving your product in the spring. Enough already! @majid, read our latest update. We are away this week. @Manoko. Really? @Tim, all the comments and concerns have been addressed. If you feel this is a scam, you can certainly wait for LUCI to go on sale in the spring. :) Apart from a few people that have to be dealt with privately with the authorities because of their disgusting behavior, we are no longer responding to such claims. @Manoko, great photoshop job of your message to my wife. You and I both know what you wrote. @Manoko, you started all these crazy rumors and now you are harassing my wife in private! You can explain all this to the police. You have ABSOLUTELY NO BUSINESS using any other method of communication apart from this Kickstarter website, and you talk to ME. Not my wife, not my kids, not my mother, father, grandmother or anybody else. Now, if we cannot get back to discussing the development of our product, we won't have any choice but to seek our funding from another source. Exchanging comments on this forum is all nice and good, but some of you have begun harassing and threatening my family on Facebook with "we know where you live" messages. @Manoko and the others who have threatened and harassed my family, the police have been contacted. And we have let Kickstarter know about your disgusting behavior. This will NOT be tolerated! Unfortunately, we won't be anywhere near the office this week. Taking some well deserved time off with the family. But I will be taking the time to compile a complete list of requested features. We understand that every campaign has it's share of naysayers and doubters. It's all good and we won't be taking it personally. All part of the funding process! Have a great week everybody! And thanks again to all our supporters! #1: Don't know about the Kobe beef incident. #2: as soon as our project reached the $75,000 quarterly threshold for reporting GST/PST, we received a call from the revenue Quebec office in Laval. There are several news articles reporting that Kickstarter is currently being targeted by revenue Quebec and revenue canada. Both federal and provincial sales taxes are handled by revenue Quebec. It's been like that for many years. You live in Quebec and go to Université Laval. You should know this. #5: If you dig into the endless scam related comments, you will see that we have addressed all those issues. Curtrock, that was addressed last week. There is no fraud/scam option because Kickstarter does all that verification before the project goes live on their site. Revenue Quebec even called us to make sure that we'll be paying income tax on the amount funded. And to make sure we charge sales taxes to our Canadian backers. It is regretful that 3 out of 2600+ backers have been led to believe that this project is fake, etc, and have by themselves cast a shadow of doubt on something that was supposed to be a fun and unique way to collaborate and develop our product. It's doubtful that Kickstarter will forfeit their commission because 3 people are asking for extras with 70 hours to go, and with almost 3000 people who are expecting to receive a LUCI. Like we said, you are under no obligation to back this project and you may simply purchase LUCI at online retailers when it goes for sale in early spring. All available photos and videos of our prototype are on the project page. Thank you for your understanding. Alexandre, read below on the rubber pad issue. Your concern was already addressed. Alexandre, one of the PCB's appears at a different angle. All photos and videos intended for this project are already up on the site. Thank you for your understanding. *verify There's a photo of my wife wearing the prototype. Please very your browser settings if you have trouble seeing our project photos. Edward, the photos of the project are all on our project page. Please very your browser settings if you cannot see the images. If you click on the play button on the image, you will see our video. We have a video. Took us over a month to make. Alexandre, gold-experts.com is the American version of our web site goldexperts.ca. We even point to it from the goldexperts.ca site for our american visitors (below the sign up form). Albert. The two PCB's aren't at the same angle if you line up the original photo with the touched up one. Umm, goldpros.ca and goldexperts.ca both belong to us (check whois). Are we really talking about gold on this forum? They're rubber "pads" and we put them on after the photo was taken. After the wife noticed scratches all over her desk. lol Alexandre, I hope that you're kidding? Found the original photo. As I suspected, it was way over-exposed. But I put it up on the project page for you. Guess it won't hurt too much with 3 days to go. We put rubber pads we put on each corner to keep the soldered legs from scratching everything we put it on. However, I recall there being some flash issues when taking the picture making some details very bright and difficult to see. It's quite possible that the photo was tweaked for clarity. I'm not the photo person for this project, so I can't say much on that subject for now. Which "Photoshopped" photos are you referring to? Manoko, the (R) symbol is used for a registered trademark. The "TM" has no legal value. Exact Alexandre, Raffinor n'est plus en service. C'était un projet qui n'avait pas réussi. J'espère que tes recherches au registre des entreprises estomperons tes soucis. Dommage que le site n'est pas fonctionnel en ce moment. Mais celà n'est aucunement de notre faute. The 1-888 number was previously used for our gold recycling business. We no longer needed it for that purpose and switched it over to iWait. At this point, I have no choice but to file a harassment complaint with Kickstarter. Sorry people but this is getting out of hand. There's a photo of Martine wearing the prototype on her head. Please excuse the "lack of immediate response" on this Sunday spent with the wife and kids. ;) While Kickstarter recommends a personal video from the project's creator(s), this is not an obligation. Did it ever occur to any of you that some people just don't like to see themselves on video? Especially when it will be archived forever on this site. It took everything to get Martine's photo on the project page! lol Once again, you certainly don't have to back this project if you have any concerns. You can wait for the LUCI to come out on retail sites. It should be available for sale at roughly the same time as your rewards. So if you prefer waiting, no harm done. We ask that that you show respect to the people who's useful comments are being diluted with your conspiracy theories. With 3 days left in the campaign, we will only be discussing how to make the product better. That said, here are answers to some real questions... - Yes, we plan to add a wake-up alarm feature. - After all the comments, we will leave both batteries and AC power. - We will be using a dry electrode for the input (probably from G-Tec) - A clip for use with your own earphones will certainly be a viable option - An online database of audio files. Definitely doable and a wonderful suggestion from Lukas! - The USB port is pretty unavoidable at this point. Weather we will only be able to export raw data, or have a complete software application at the time of launch will have to be seen. - MP3 player: we will see with the circuit designer if we can simply ad an MP3 radio module to the main PCB. Awesome suggestions folks! Sorry that they are being buried by others on this forum. On the final day, we will compile a complete list of requested features and we'll see if we missed some. I'm very excited that we're turning this simple device into something so much more. Hopefully, it will become the gold standard in lucid dream induction! Morning folks! Nice to see that the tone has stabilized somewhat. However, please remember that this board should be used for discussing LUCI. That said, until the end of the campaign, we will only be responding to questions, comments and suggestions pertaining to the development of the device. Kicktraq has some cool stats and projections for all Kickstarter campaigns. You guys should check it out. <url>"he’s busy writing an algorithm that will detect REM sleep and play an audio track while he’s in a dream state to trigger a lucid dream." No, we will not be getting into that issue again. Michael's knowledge in the lucid dreaming industry, including Laberge's research, and his knowledge about how EEG's work, etc, makes me feel like he has a competing business or product. BTW, detecting eye movement with an EOG monitor was the very first thing we tried. The results were extremely inconsistent. And the reference electrode didn't need to be mentioned since it doesn't serve any purpose as for the input. We will still call LUCI a single-electrode device since it reads from only one electrode. Michael, we appreciate your knowledge in all this, but we've been developing this system for quite some time. You are grossly underestimating the amount of work and testing that has been done during that time. And quite frankly, it's a little insulting. With 4 days left in the campaign, we don't intend to create any more videos. And sorry, but I do not have any Facebook account or any other social media account for personal and family reasons that I will not be getting into on this public forum. I also forgot to mention another project in the works, called iWait (www.iwait.ca). It's a virtual waiting room that allows an ER patient to wait at home instead of the hospital where wait times in Canada are around 12 hours. You can see the copyright on the page as well as our WHOIS info pointing to me. Thanks for the suggestions. As mentioned in an earlier post, we intend to add an extra timer function for inducing a lucid dream. I suppose that we can try to implement a wake up alarm using the same technique. The second electrode is in the front and the very thin wire is hidden under the folded edge of the headband and comes down along the same wire as the main electrode. Can't see it in the photos. As for the sleep cycle analysis, a USB port will allow all that functionality. The hard part would be the development of the software. But as mentioned by someone in an earlier post, raw text data could probably be exported. There exists some open source EEG applications that may be able to import this data. We'll look into it and keep you updated. Sorry, the bio is indeed confusing. We just used GXP Technologies for simplicity. But we will modify it to mention that it's a "division" of Caluka Group. But then again, some of you will be thinking that we're trying to pass ourselves off as some international company. We never said that Infoclik and Anixa were still active businesses. Infoclik.ca was registered in 2008 and has since closed. Anixa.ca was registered in 2005 (I think) and was a short lived web hosting venture. If you don't feel comfortable backing us up at this time, you can simply purchase LUCI when it gets released through retailers. That said, let's get back to the product. Like we mentioned, we are actively looking for a very talented circuit designer that will be able to redesign the PCB. I will surely be able to program the extra needed code myself. An in all honesty, the code holds a lot of algorithms that I don't want the world world to have access to. So whatever I can program, I will. During this time, we will continue sourcing materials for the product and packaging. Once the PCB's done, we have to design the housing for it. The 80% is the average of all people. The charts we put up were for the initial results (ie. the first tester). I thought we had already answered this, but maybe it was to a private question. We had 6 testers, which consisted of family and friends. Nobody, except myself, had experienced lucid dreams before testing the prototypes. Yes, the average success rate was 80%. During the pre-production stage, we were planning on continuing to add updates on Kickstarter. We will certainly consider your suggestion of daily progress videos. For those of you who really wish to know, I went to school in electrical engineering in Quebec. After that, I followed a sound engineering program in Arizona. Then, I went on to web programming. From there, I learned to program in other languages, such as C, PHP, Java, VB and more. I launched several businesses during the past 15 years, including a computer consulting business (InfoClik) and a web hosting business (Anixa). And here we are today, with an idea that came to me in a dream, quite literally. :) Michael, the back of the head was chosen because for our tests, this is the area that provided the best results with the least amount of noise. We sample every square inch of the head, and the back of the head just behind the ear was the best spot for us. What we are checking for exactly in the brainwaves is a specific frequency range. Whoa there everyone... GXP Technologies is a business name we came up with especially for the development of the LUCI. When the product goes to market, we plan to market it under that business entity. You won't find any website simply because we haven't created one yet! We thought this would seem pretty obvious. Our registered business name is Caluka Group (as seen in our project's URL). You can find it in Quebec's business registry showing Wayne Kendall as the owner, with the full address, etc. <url>"alive" artificially. Once again, thank you for your great contributions! And yes, special thanks to vsauce2 for the YouTube video. It's the sole reason for the funding spike we've been seeing the last 2 days. • For the voice alert upon turning on the device, it just involves adding a couple lines of code to the microprocessor. Shouldn't be a problem. • Manoko, the sampling doesn't "reset" per se. Every second, it calculates the average frequency for the last 60 seconds. And when it sees that the average frequency for the last 60 seconds is in the REM sweet-spot, your alert will be triggered. • I really love the suggestion about customizing your alert to give you a direction to go. I think the sound file will be limited to a 3 minutes, so you will certainly be able to do that. Have a great day folks! Elad, there are no health concerns with the electrode. It receives information from your brain, it doesn't transmit it. The only thing being transmitted is sound to your earphones. So there are no health issues. Hey Folks! Very constructive comments and suggestions. Thanks! We are looking into the possibility of completely redesigning the device with your suggestions. Some things we never thought of now seem comnpletely necessary. We will keep you posted on how far we can take it. Here are some responses to your suggestions: • A power-on confirmation would be cool, but we'll probably keep it simple, like in the form of hearing your actual brainwaves for like 5 seconds when you turn it on. • For the external speakers options, you will be able to plug amplified speakers to the stereo jack. • I wouldn't pay attention to the naysayers. There will always be naysayers and skeptics about everything. There are some people even denying the existence of lucid dreams, even though half the population has already experienced at least one in their lifetimes! • We wanted to offer a set of 2 luci's and a set of 4, but Kickstarter made us remove them saying that we can't offer more than one of our product. In the set of 2, one of them was the original, and the other was a Limited Editions, and they still wouldn't accept it. • We've tested the headband on all head sizes, including children. If your head is really huge, maybe we could offer an extender, but you would have to cut the headband. The silicone material we will be using has an elasticity of 500%. • In order to avoid false alerts, the device will only trigger when it samples the desired frequency for 60 seconds non-stop. We experience 4-5 REM stages per night, each progressively longer, so there will be plenty of opportunities. The sensor will sample your brainwaves several times before determining that you're actually in REM sleep. This can take a few minutes. For the volume, our prototype already has 4 volume settings. So that's covered. :) As for the delayed alarm, we are definitely adding this. In case REM isn't detected via brainwaves, the alert will go off anyway at the time where you are most likely to be dreaming (basically like an alarm clock). It will give the system an extra chance to induce a lucid dream. Assuming we reach $300,000 in funding, that means 8 times more orders that we must fullfill. Since our profit margin is expected to be only around 20% per unit with this campaign, it's not feasible to think that we can redesign the entire device with the extra amount. Also, we would need to hire a software programmer to develop the program. Just his fees would surpass the amount we have on hand. Not to mention trying to respect our 3 month timeline. In all honesty, any extra money will probably be used towards better materials and packaging. For Bluetooth, we would love to add this feature, but due to the unit's proximity to the brain, we want to be extremely sure that there is no health risk. There will be a USB port, but it will be limited to installing a sound file for now. The English alert will be pre-installed by default. Output functionality to a computer is on the drawing table, but will require us to develop a software application. Hi Guys! Please note that most questions are answered in the form of updates. For the Limited Edition headband, you can rest assured that it will not be made available after Kickstarter. You will still have a unique version that won't be available for sale anywhere. Also, some of you have submitted pledges with the condition that we offer extra features, such as multiple languages, etc. While we are trying our best to accomodate the most popular demands, we can't make any promises that there will be multiple languages, a USB port, wireless or anything else that is not in the description or updates. Please do not back the project if you aren't ready to accept the product as described. Over 80% of the private messages we receive are already answered in our FAQ. If you have not received an answer to your question, we suggest you check out our FAQ. Thank you for all your comments. We will be putting a table of test results later this week, or early next week. But I assure you that this little device exceeds our expectations. There will be a volume setting to adjust the voice to your liking. But to be honest, the test results don't show much difference between settings, meaning that you're likely to hear the voice at its lowest setting and the loudest setting probably won't wake you up. If you're in a dream, your brain will naturally want to stay in that stage. We will start compiling a FAQ. :) KuTub, there is no technical difference in any of our models. Tyler, that would be a nice idea. I have actually used an app on my smartphone that does exactly that, wakes you up at the optimal time. I recommended it to many friends. I don't know why we didn't think about it sooner. We will definitely be talking about it at our next meeting. Thank you for all your support! Here are the answers to your questions so far... - The pledge amount includes shipping worldwide - Depending on the amount of funds, we plan on implementing a USB port which will allow you to customize the message. - The amplifier will be small enough to be worn on you or sit on a night table. - The dry electodes are quite comfortable. While they look pointy, the "points" are closely dispersed, so you feel only a single object on your head. And after a few minutes, you don't feel it at all. - If you still have a need to be aware of the outside environment, you can wear only one earbud. - We plan on perforating the silicone to make it breathable. The system itself doesn't get hot since the electronics aren't on the headband.