Brian, The CD is in the game box. - Britton If you are enjoying Leisure Suit Larry or having some trouble, talk to us at <url>#LSL #LeisureSuitLarry SHARE THIS EVERYWHERE, PLEASE! Hello! We created a customer service form if you are either having a lot of fun and want to tell us about it, or in case you are having troubles with the game. As you can imagine, we're a little swamped, but we're going to make sure that we do our best to help everyone. Here's the link, and we'd appreciate it if you'd help point others to the form. It's all about helping Larry have a great time! <url>#LSL and let's see if we can get it trending! Carlos, the game is tied to the language of your OS. Try downloading the Windows Language pack. You are going to become our language expert! Hello everyone! We created a customer service form if you are either having a lot of fun and want to tell us about it, or in case you are having troubles with the game. As you can imagine, we're a little swamped, but we're going to make sure that we do our best to help everyone. Here's the link, and we'd appreciate it if you'd help point others to the form. It's all about helping Larry have a great time! <url>#LSL and let's see if we can get it trending! Hi Seth, YouTube is restricting our video because of the background music. We have no way to go around this. It is only viewable on a desktop. Here is an alternative link where you can view it. <url>"The era of the great Adventures is back!" Is it ever! The Pervert's Edition has been changed. Sorry for the delay! Crossed wires! We're goin' nuts! It's the last 17 hours! YIKES! Wow, that was a fun ass chat with you guys!!! We need to do that again sometime!! Good night for now!!!! Hey guys - we just posted a video update. Email me us in case we didn't answer all of your questions and we'll compile a new list and have either Josh or myself make the next video. Cool? Posting comments here doesn't really help because there's no way for us to address each comment individually. The forum at Replaygamesinc.com should be up today or tomorrow...we're working on it gang! @David - yeah, we realize that now (hindsight is 20/20!!). We'll be revising them in the next few days so stay tuned!!!! @Thom - yup, it's THE Josh Mandel!!! Every member of the team at Replay is a LONG time Sierra veteran, including me!!! Check out my resume: <url>"we'll have the artist of the game create a likeness of you" or something like that. Note "the artist" not "one of the artists". Please....why does everybody doubt things that people say? Are you guys used to being lied to or something? Hey gang!!! I wish I could be this involved every night....you guys just caught me doing emails from home at 12:22am is all. HA!! Anyway, I don't know of many people in the industry that work as much as I do (Paul T here). I've gone through 2 associate producers in the last 3 months because they had to work more than 8 hours/day. I felt like strangling them! Anyway, points well taken!! Al is doing a video interview with Slashdot tomorrow at 3pm PDT and then another interview with Thunderbolt tomorrow at 4pm PDT. I'll make sure Al does a video update like you guys suggest.......AWESOME idea...thanks guys!! You guys are the best!! Oh, and to address the October release date...that's IF AND ONLY IF we get funded at $500k. If we want to add more content to the game (which I am seriously praying for to be 100% honest with you guys) then it'll be delayed longer depending on how much more content and how many platforms we add. I'd personally (not saying this officially or anything) but personally would like to see us add more content FIRST and THEN add platforms but it's all up to you guys. Al & Josh are literally chomping at the bit to write new jokes, new dialogue, create more rooms, etc. But on the other hand, how can we neglect the XBLA and PSN community? Ugh....I think these are GOOD problems to have, right? :) Hey!! You guys are awesome, thanks for the help in managing comments!! Yeah, the $500k price tag was as low as we could get it, unfortunately. It's seriously not cheap to make a game. The guys from Foundation 9 wanted $1.5 million to redo LSL1 and we told them we thought they were out of the freaking minds!!! But seriously, talented people are expensive. If you consider each person at a game studio is $100k / year average, then that's where all the money is going to, really. Every studio we petitioned (and we received RFP's from over 20 studios) already have all the tools like Photoshop, etc...so that's not where the costs are...it's the labor. Hand painted 2D characters, animations, backgrounds, programmers, even the voice overs alone are OMG ridiculously expensive. I mean, we could get some cheap ass homeless people to do voice overs but we don't think that's why you guys want....or deserve!! OddBall....how do you suggest we become more proactive? We're reaching out to every news outlet we can get our hands on. What else can we do? Josh told me (Paul) he's in the middle of writing an update for tomorrow. But besides that, we've never done this before so any and all help would be so sincerely appreciated!!! -Paul FOR THOSE WHO CANNOT USE CREDIT CARDS, AS SOON AS THE PROJECT IS 100% FUNDED WE WILL BE ACCEPTING PLEDGES VIA PAYPAL! Thanks, Matthew, you're 100% correct. We had potential investors wanting to put money in to Replay until we announced Leisure Suit Larry and then suddenly we heard crickets. One VC (venture capitalist) even told me outright on the phone "investing in Replay will tarnish our good name because you're publishing Leisure Suit Larry". Well, this way we get to stick it to the man!! Thanks for the support, gang! I wish we could comment on every single post but we're swamped over here with the amazing amount of positive feedback we're getting!!!! @Perdition - we're way ahead of you!! Scott is ready to jump on board, we already spoke to him. Mark, however, can't since he works for Foundation 9, a developer / publisher and he would have a "conflict of interest" as he put it. Having said that, however, the last game, Space Quest 6, was all Scott & Josh (no Mark Crowe involvement) so we think we can hold pretty true to the SQ franchise with those two geniuses on board. We're in the middle of negotiating the rights for King's Quest as well as Space Quest & Police Quest too. :) It all depends on the success of this first game, though.....everybody wants to see how much demand is out there. 69 backers at $100....that must be a sign!!! @BatBridgeInteractive - it costs a lot of money to make a video game, especially a AAA version with tons of polish. Cindy from Kickstarter told us to put the amount that was our budget, no more, no less....so that's what we did. We hope you'll like the finished product because we're putting every ounce of blood, sweat, and tears in to this game!!! Don't worry gang, it will be DRM free. :)