@Jonah Falcon: We are opening up Paypal funding options soon if you wish to up your pledge. We'll notify everyone the moment it's available. A big THANK YOU to everyone here - there were ups and downs but we finally made it! Party time! @William Hiett: There's still 8 hours to go. We can do it! @Mike Heim: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: Thanks! I know it's only been 30 days, but has felt like quite a journey we've been on @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Absolutely. We should be able to grab at least one stretch goal. @uhr: Thank you! More content is definitely at the top of our wishlist too. @Sam Stone: A ghostbusters spoof would be amazing. In answer to your question, Sam, the soundtrack/instruction booklet will be delivered as DLC. @Simon: That looks to be the case, yes. It happens often when nearing the end of KS campaign. Still, we are well on track, so we won't have to delay the celebrations for long! Over 1,000 backers and well past the funding goal with over a day to spare! Thank you so much to all for your support and enthusiasm! There will be a more formal announcement later. In the mean time, everyone give yourself a pat on the back - you've earned it! @Benjamin Sinkula: We can't wait to bring it to you! We're right on the verge of funding! @Joni William Ahonen: Thank you! @DisorientedEffigy: We will definitely explore all avenues to continue working toward those stretch goals. Believe me, we want to make them (particularly the additional platforms) as much as you guys want to see them! @David Long: It is a fantastic track! If you like what you hear, visit Skip Cloud's SoundCloud page and give him some much-deserved appreciation! @Stevey Gonzalez: If the funding goal is met, we will absolutely open Paypal options. We are well aware that Amazon Payments is not every person's primary avenue for payments - we want everyone to get a chance to contribute. @Keri: Thank you very much! We're right on the cusp of funding! @Peter Vanusanik: Thanks, we can't wait to make it! @Guybrush20X6: Correct! That's how our Add-Ons work. @Jana: Thanks, Jana! It definitely helps us out! @DisorientedEffigy: Thank you! We really appreciate it! @Christian: Elizabeth is correct - by adding $10 past your reward tier, you can receive the soundtrack and instruction booklet rewards @Jesper Johansson: Hi, Jesper. We're hoping that one final push can get us past our goal, but we are certainly open to a re-launch if need be. @Andrian von Gegerfelt: Thanks for helping put the word out! @Sam Stone: Hi, Sam. We have (and are still) reaching out through every avenue we can to reach more people! Look forward to hearing more buzz as we approach the final push! @Leonard Knoll: Yes! The Lord/Lady of the Manor tier is once again vacant! A lucky backer could be immortalized forever! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Figuring out who the culprits are won't be the main challenge - finding enough evidence to confront them will be. Also, some detectives are better at investigation while others perform better in the Hall of Accusation, so there's a few things to consider when assigning roles! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Also, while we would love to hit the PS Vita stretch goal, there may be porting opportunities further down the line, particular with Sony's support of indies on Vita. So keep a look out for post-funding announcements! @Elizabeth Crystal Lloyd: Hi Elizabeth! Thank you for your support! @Guybrush20X6: Thank you for the support! Do you have a link to your comic for the other backers to check it out? @Rebecca Richards: I know we can do it! @Holisk: Thanks! Clue is one of our favorite films too! But I guess that's easy to tell :D @Jesper Johansson: Hi Jesper, rewards involving in-game characters will work like this: You will receive an email (whichever email address you registered with Kickstarter) which will request information about you including your preferred name, appearance, etc. If we need even more information, we will contact each backer individually. Otherwise, we will create your character and send you a preview for final approval or tweaks! @uhr: Thank you! We're really eager to bring it to you! A huge Thank You to all of our Steam Greenlight voters here! Your voice has been heard! Once funding completes, Mansion Lord will be coming to Steam! @Neil Elcome: Hi Neil! Thanks for your support! Your thoughts are definitely being considered as we move forward with tuning our battle system. I have laid out a few possibilities in the comment below, but please keep the feedback coming! Every different perspective helps us polish the game even further. @Alex Braddy: Thanks, Alex! We can't wait to deliver it to you guys! @Wayne G: Hi! Thanks for your support! We are constantly tuning the look and feel of combat to best suit our theme. For example, we are experimenting with having characters hurl accusations (with elaborate animations) instead of physical attacks, and having Mental Resolve as the primary resource instead of simply using Hit Points. Your idea of having innocents in the Hall of Accusation is an interesting one! We'll keep that in mind as we shape the battle system. We hope everyone had a Happy Thanksgiving! Please stay safe out there on Black Friday - remember, no discounted DVD player is worth a shopping cart to the ribs ;) @Sam Stone: Thanks, Sam. It sounds like we have some things in common! @Jonah Falcon: Thank you! We can't wait either!