My take is that Comments are general thoughts. If there is a specific question you'd like to ask please send us a Direct Message and we will respond with time is of the essence. Shipping Address is a question we're receiving more. When we approach the Ship Date (August 2015) we will contact each backer to confirm / update shipping address. -- Andrew I am here to help, communicate and be a reference point, reviewing comments and direct messages. An update was posted 5 days ago, no new information is available yet to be 'leaked' to backers. The August 2015 delivery date (posted in the February update) still stands. We'll keep moving forward and provide details as well go. -- Andrew Remember, to request a refund you need to send us a Direct Message. We will then reply to your Direct Message requesting the needed information to process the refund request. We are here, empathize with the situation at hand, and are following up with refund requests with time is of the essence. --- Andrew This is Andrew and, indeed, I am a real person. I am reviewing comments, responding to themes (not all comments). We are actively corresponding to Direct Messages of all types. Currently I do not have any detailed data specs or 'dev units' to provide to backers. I receive and read the same updates as our backers. If you would like a refund for any reason please send us a direct message and we will respond with the steps. We hate to see you go but understand. Best to send us a Direct Message and our Team will respond with the needed information to process the refund request. Kind of ironic that the update came on April Fools! But no Foolin around, this is Andrew and I'll be working hard to stay tuned to your comments and direct messages. Hey guys- We are still waiting on an update from our manufacturing peeps so we can share with you the latest. In the meantime, if you want a refund - Request one! Use KS messages and message us directly for one and we will get the process started with Amazon, it takes a while, about a week. We ask that you use messages because we need some info (transaction #, name, address, and amount) from the Amazon transaction. It took us a bit to figure out the flow but we have it down now and a good portion of the requests we have gotten up to the middle of Feb have been processed. We understand that some people are frustrated but we hope you'll understand our position is completely based on being a small company needing to make smart choices at a critical time. We truly are sorry we all have to wait but we totally understand if you can't hang! - The Matchstick Team Attention! Achtung! Hey guys! We've had a lot of inquiry about DRM this weekend. It seems we did not explain this properly... In a nutshell, we are still committed to the open source community and still intend to deliver a product you can hack to make your own. Matchstick users will have a choice to implement the device in the way they want... and the upgrades will add even more benefit. We've posted the FAQ below at the forum and we hope you will give it a read. Here's the link to the forum - <url>’s Firefox OS inside, Matchstick has been following Mozilla’s stance on DRM. See <url>’t DRM counter to the openness Matchstick stands for ? A: Matchstick stands firm on its belief of openness and DRM does not preclude this belief. However Matchstick also believes its users should be able to choose between using DRM to watch Hollywood movies or not using DRM. We want to let our users make this choice. Matchstick alone cannot change the direction of the industry. What Matchstick can do and will do is to contribute our development in DRM technology back to the open community. The work to implement DRM is being given back to the Mozilla code base, and the platform itself will still support anything the open community hopes to achieve with the product. Q: Why did Matchstick select Microsoft PlayReady ? A: Matchstick intends to offer DRM on its platform and bring premium content to its users in the quickest timeframe possible. Microsoft PlayReady offers a mature technology, has relationship with premium content providers and is quick to deploy on the Firefox OS platform. Q: I have some expertise on DRM. How can I help ? A: If you are experienced with EME (Encrypted Media Extension), MSE (Media Source Extensions) or CDM (Content Decryption Technology) and would like to help Matchstick with this development and contribute the results back to the open community, we’d love to hear from you. Please contact us for more information. Q: How do I keep track of your progress toward the August delivery ? A: We will be posting periodic update on our progress toward DRM development, processor upgrade, wifi antenna optimization and other enhancements on both the Kickstarter page and on our website at www.Matchstick.tv. If you have specific questions, please contact us at <email>. Guys! Thanks so much for your patience... We are committed to this and know you'll be pleased with some of the applications we are exploring but most importantly this is about delivering the open, adaptable vision we promised. Nobody wants another Chromecast. That product already exists! We'll share monthly updates showing you the journey as we continue to build... There'll be plenty to share and before you know it... It's here! Remember- There are over 250 developer units out in the field, all around the world. The product they have is great, but it is not appropriate for most of the things we know you will want to do with Matchstick... We are considering expanding the developer program in this time as well. Let us know if you might be interested! - <url>’t use local DNS or set DNS, Matchstick will use your Wi-Fi router’s DNS config. @Rodrigo Yes, your App can work with Android OS. @joepstar No, you can't use Matchstick without a wireless network. @Pedro Matchstick has a USB port and using standard USB power, 5V and 500mA. Oops! Wrong CNET link <url>