You'll be able to order them at www.meepillows.com. So many colors so little time! @Matt S - Thank you so much for the information. There definitely were numerous benefits to using the fulfillment house I did in China, but there were some unfortunate issues I ran into as well. Thank you for your support and being a backer! @Joel M - Went to check your tracking and looks like it was actually delivered today! @Everyone - Thanks for the kind words, I'm so glad you like them. Keep posting those pics! @Samantha B - I'll inbox you better tracking. It's so close! :) @Rob R - I'll message you momentarily. Thanks for letting me know! @Mark - The US sorting center has been quite the pain, but a lot of packages have been freeing up from there over the last few days. I'll keep an eye on it as well and inbox you. Thanks for letting me know! @Domenic T - Schrodinger's Meepillow is my new favorite phrase. Rest assured your packaged is waiting for you. Thanks again! @Joshua W - No worries, your other packages appear to be arriving this week while one straggler Meepillow will be fashionably late next week. Since the fulfillment house processed in batches this is not uncommon, but the holidays did cause numerous delays in shipping. If you need any more info message me - thank you! @Bridget E - Looks like they made it out of the holdup and are on their way! I'll inbox you the details! @Kevin S - So glad you like them! Thank you for helping bring this project to life! @Thomas E - Excellent! The tracking info was definitely a not great with the company I used which I will definitely be posting an Update about shortly. Thanks for the info! @Dennis B - Yes, many people have been receiving their packages over the last two weeks, but there were regrettable delays due to the holidays. I'll inbox you the tracking info. Looks like you will have your 3 packages before the end of the week! Bertrand - I'll inbox you your tracking and any other information I have! @Zen L - looks like the rest are just about to be delivered too! @ Rimas K - Wonderful! I'm so glad! Also, I'll send each of you a message very shortly with any new information I can find - thanks! I see that quite a few packages were delayed at the Sorting Center. They are definitely not lost, but taking more time than was expected by the carriers, possibly due to the holidays. I will continue to monitor orders as best I can and answer any questions you have. Please make sure to INBOX me with any tracking concerns. Thank you to everyone for your continued patience and excitement as the Meepillows are making their way to everyone around the world, just some places faster than others. @Rimas K - Just inboxed you! @Amanda - Soon enough... soon enough! @Michael K - Blue / 766. You got the color and came pretty close! @Nathan J & Jason W - I'll inbox you the tracking information - thanks for letting me know! @Titus - The average delivery time has been 7 to 10 days from date of shipment that I've seen. I'll look into your tracking info and inbox you! @Iain S - More product will be available once the rest of the Meepillow hit the US. They were due in December, but with the shipping delays it will most likely be January at www.meepillows.com. I will be working on implementing special discounts just for KS backers as well! Thanks for all the wonderful confirmations! I love seeing where they are popping up around the world. Be sure to post fun pics with you and your Meepillow friends! @Andrew P - So close!!! @Paul B - So glad they surprised you! Please be sure to post pics! I am working on the video and will send out an update with the winners VERY soon (by the end of this week)! @Michael B & Richard R - That is music to my ears - thank you and enjoy! @Claude V - I certainly apologize and continue to work on getting information out to everyone as it comes in to me. Please let me know what else I can do for you to make this an enjoyable and worthwhile experience for you. I want you to be happy and proud to have backed this project. Inbox me any time! @Nikolai - Already inboxed you and they are on their way - thanks! @Richard R - Can't wait for you to get it! @Marco C - Please send me pics or post them on my Facebook page - thanks and enjoy!!! @Ronn A - I'll inbox you shortly (your orders did ship). Thanks! Just a friendly reminder everyone, please direct message me through the Kickstarter messaging system. It makes it infinitely easier to keep track of everyone's information, questions and my responses - thank you! Jenn M - Looks like it was shipped and there is movement. I'll inbox you the tracking info to make sure you have the same number. Thanks! @Amanda - Great! @Michael K - Great x2!! @Sarah R - Great x3!!! Yes, the e-mails are sent out when the order is processed. It may take an additional day or so to start seeing movement. @michael K - I will loo into this for you and Message you back. Thanks! @Zen Liu - All 6 of your packages are shipping according to my screen - no worries! they just may be processing at different times. @Amanda - Both of your orders have processed and 1 already has shipped (they are shipping in batches). Keep an eye out for another e-mail and check that spam filter. No worries! :) @Dan - no need to worry! Shipping began this week and there are quite a few packages to go out. They are going in waves so you should receive your notice in the next few days. If you don't please message me directly. Thank you! Hi everyone! Please do not worry! The descriptions should only list the colors and not the quantities. So if you ordered 1 of a color or 3 of a color it simply just lists the colors. This is just a "descriptive field of items" and not a packing slip per se. I have confirmed with the fulfillment warehouse and everything is A-okay! @Mariam G - Unfortunately addresses have been submitted to the fulfillment house in China already. If there is anything I can do to update it I will! Send me a PM and I will get back to you. @Elizabeth - I will be sending out an Update as soon as I receive confirmation that the packages started shipping from China. If the fulfillment goes as planned everyone should be receding their Meepillows in the next two weeks! Happy day! @Steven - Shipping is starting this week and I will be posting an update VERY soon!!! :) Hello everyone! Shipping Update coming very soon!!! :) @Karen - Fulfillment should be starting next week from China - very exciting indeed! I expect backers will start receiving their rewards right at the end of the month into the first week of December as long as there aren't any more delays (fingers crossed)! @Elizabeth - I will be using a company in China to ship direct to each awesome backer. Yes, the plan is for everyone to receive their Meepillows well before Christmas! @Matthew H - The winner hasn't been announced yet, but will be closer to when shipping starts towards the end of November. I will be posting an Update this weekend - stay tuned! :) @Dan G - Production is underway, and I am still shooting for a VERY late November shipping, but could spill over to early December. @Mike T - Once shipping starts in November I will have to make a final decision. I suspect I will have all the backer information by then. If not the contest will have to go on without them! @Dan G - As of 6:12 PM EST on 10/5/15 I still have 6 backers that haven't responded. I'll be sending reminder e-mails again tonight! :) @Chuck C - First, thank you for your service. Second, I absolutely love your ideas. I have a lot of ideas planned for Meepillows, but the ones you listed below did not occur to me. As I continue to build this brand I will definitely consider your fantastic recommendations! Thanks! @Dan - Fantastic! That's what I like to hear! @Chris E - That is awesome! Most likely I will send an update out for anyone who would like to order additional Meepillows so I can organize all the requests at once. Thanks again! @Steven R - I don't have a great answer at the moment on adding additional Meepillows, but I will add you to the list and let you know! @Jazzy - And I will input all the data into my super computer and a it should spit out a ticker tape with the winner! @Elizabeth - Whew! :) @Dan G - I am working on the surveys now and hope to have them sent out in the next few days! @Sarah R - Thank you! Can't wait to send you your Meepillows! @Wing - I am so happy you were a part of this journey. I can not wait to bring some of my other ideas to fruition! @Courtney B - I just read your comment to a group of people celebrating here at Meepillow HQ and an amazing electricity filled the air. I am truly grateful that my intentions were met with such open arms and minds! Thank you. @Everything Epic Games - That means a lot - thank you. @Adam S - Thanks! And a HUGE thanks to making those awesome BGG ad banners for me! @Scott M - Whoo-hoo!!! @Kevin L - Appreciate the support, thanks! The only option at this time is to pledge separately so you can have multiple shipments. I am in constant contact with the fulfillment warehouses trying to figure out ways to help backers and if anything changes I will update everyone regarding customs, etc. Thanks again! @John W - Thank you for the awesome words of encouragement! The vacuum sealing is something that my fulfillment warehouse does not offer. It's a great idea but I am also a little concerned that it could affect the Meepillow in some strange fashion. The last thing I want is every backer to get a defective item! @Jazzy - Thanks! I can hardly believe it. It's like a weird dream! @vdb - That is a great question. It may be cheaper to actually do two separate orders depending on the threshold of customs in your region. I know the fulfillment warehouse we are using will be declaring the appropriate value of the shipments. Inbox me so I can find out where you are. Thanks! @Mark - Definitely can understand your concern, but the time frame was supplied by the manufacturer and I also added additional time as well to cover any minor delays. Fingers crossed that we run into little-to-no issues! @Johan D - Thank you so much for your support! Most of the rewards will ship from China from a fulfillment warehouse and have to be invoiced as is. However I am continuing to research other shipping companies and well and things could change after the Kickstarter ends. If they do I will certainly update everyone! @Chuck - Thanks for listening! I won't have orange (and other new colors) until after the campaign ends and the dust settles. I would anticipate first to second quarter 2016. Thanks! @Emma - That is fantastic! Perhaps you'll win an additional set as well! :) @vdb - if all goes well and I get REALLY lucky perhaps next year! @Kevin S - Awesome! Can't wait for you to get the Meepillow as well! @Benjamin S - You will be able to pick colors (and play the end-of-campaign games) once the Kickstarter ends and I send the surveys out. Thanks! @Chuck C - Thank you so much for the awesome comment! I'm so glad you enjoyed the video. When I was writing it I knew I needed something unique in order to sell the Mepilog in a fun way. Something "out there." I hope to have a new blooper video put together after the campaign to show all the ridiculous outtakes. Thanks again! @Lynsey - I would absolutely love to be able to do something like this, but it is not possible on large large production runs like this. Great idea though! @Flashs - At this time I don't have the logistics and shipping costs worked out for more than 6 at a time. Please inbox me so I can add you to the list if I am able to make this happen! Thanks! @Tahsin S - That is incredibly kind of you to say - thank you! We had a tremendous amount of fun filming it. A fun fact: we filmed it on an iPhone 6. I cannot believe the quality we got from it. And the actor in the video, Rob McClure, did an amazing job editing it together. @Jens B - I totally understand. That is why I tried my best to discount multiple Meepillows as much as I could. If anything changes before this Kickstarter ends I will definitely send out an update to everyone! @Mark G - Thank you so much! It feels like a crazy dream! @Tim D - I am as confident as my manufacturer has allowed me to be! I anticipated there could be delays so I also added extra time to my time-frame. Of course, anything can happen, but I was diligent in quoting a proper delivery time. Thanks! @Dez - Wait until you see the next "thank you" i have planned! Backer Sarah R was a big inspiration below for me. @Vegard M - Thanks for the question! Unfortunately, I won't have production samples until after the Kickstarter is funded and I pay the manufacturer. They will be the final production copies that will be shipping. At that point I will be posting plenty of pics. However, I will check to see if there is anything I can do! @lichwest - I will do my best to make sure you aren't forced out of your home! @Catherine M - I agree this is a great idea. Thanks! @RIchard R - That. Is. Awesome!!! @Steven M - I think KS has a policy against such rewards. Thankfully. @Jamo - Sorry to say I don't have plans to expand the color selection in this Kickstarter. The 6 colors alone are keeping me super busy and the space requirements are quite big. However, after this Kickstarter ends I will be working to bring new colors to the market. Thanks for asking - I see orange is the biggest request so far! @Adam S - They're going to look like stick figures after this! @Paul M - And I own each and every one of those games (with Euphoria probably being my favorite)! Thanks for putting together that list. When I put this project together I took polls and asked a lot of people about player colors. And even through the many years of playing countless games orange was a more prevalent available color, but I found more people actually wanted purple. Absence makes the heart grow fonder I suppose! With all that being said, I certainly plan on adding orange to the mix after this project funds! :) @lichwest - I've heard a few people mention this and I think it would be a very cool idea. I am certainly interested in this! Thanks! @Matt H - Good question and this is something as a project creator I have struggled with since the beginning. The main answer is because of something called "Dimensional Weight." It's a way for shipping companies to account for the size of larger packages even when the weight is lower. The reward level you are referring to at $15.00 shipping is actually for 2 Meepillows. In that case the size of the box actually doubled. When you add the cost of the boxes, the pick and pack fees, and that actual cost to ship with Dimensional Weight it gets pretty pricey. I tried to mitigate this the best I could by offering discounts per reward tier and finding reliable fulfillment warehouses to ship from that offer the best prices. @Patient 0 - Thank you for being a part of it! @Michael K - The final purple swatch is a royal purple if that helps. Definitely deeper and more appealing! @Sarah R - Thank you so much for the ideas! The certificate is definitely a fun one. I have a few things I am working on, but that certificate is making my wheels turn... @Patient 0 - Actually, one of the first ideas I had was to do an exclusive Kickstarter green Meepillow for backers. However, after putting it together I quickly realized it wasn't feasible at this time do to minimum production runs, product and shipping costs, and then the leftover product would be a big problem. With plush, each color is it's own production line so I am currently doing 6 production runs at this time. Whew! However, I am working on some ideas for backers that may be a special 'thank you' for helping me get this off the ground. :) @Mark R - Great question! They certainly aren't dishwasher safe I can tell you. I will be posting more information about cleaning them this week as per the manufacturer guidelines. @Michael B - I can hardly believe it! I really can't. Makes all the hard work to get to this point worth it! @Min - NEVER!!! :) @Jordan P - Thanks for being a part of this! I'm in favor of many more colors too! After this KS funds, and as I continue to build my company, I will need to figure out a better warehouse solution for sure with all these requested colors. Where was the warehouse at the end of Indiana Jones? @Patient 0 - Thanks! Shipping was the hardest obstacle for sure. If this Kickstarter funds (looking good!) I would love to produce more colors in the future! Pink seems to be one of them! @Jazzy - Another Kickstarter? I don't know if my heart could take it! But yes, I would LOVE to bring orange, white, pink, and even plaid out. Imagine... a warehouse full of meepillows... :) @Jake R - I can't believe how well this is going - thank you! This project was intended to be straight "all-or-nothing" from the start for the original six colors. Afterwards I would be able to focus on growing my company with more colors, different sizes, etc. thanks to backers like yourself! @Erin P - Pink is on the list of colors I would like to produce after this Kickstarter! The KS survey will be a big help for sure! @Michael B - Duly noted! @Sarah - Thank you so much for supporting my project! As long as this Kickstarter funds and there continues to be a need I plan on coming out with a bunch of new colors! Wouldn't that just be wonderful! Orange and white were definitely high up on the list. @lichwest - Not many purple meeple games out there that's for sure. Another one is Municipium (which I haven't played). Therein lies the problem though. I found there was a need for purple meeples! All the research I did and purple was one of the most requested colors! Would you have guessed? @William - That is funny. From what I heard they are like Gremlins. Don't get them wet! @Elizabeth - Thank you so so much. We had an absolute blast filming it! The actors in it our some of my closest friends and did a bang-up job. @Clifton - That is definitely going to be the next color I produce after this Kickstarter funds (fingers crossed)! It missed the short list by this much: | | @Mark - I know they are "virtually indestructible" but I don't think they would survive vacuum sealing very well! Also, the fulfillment houses I use don't offer that service. ;) @lichwest - Thank you so much! We had an absolute blast filming it. I am VERY fortunate to have wonderful friends! Please check out their links on the page! @Marco - Want you to know I certainly have worked hard making it as resonable as possible. But these boxes get big when shipping. Very big! @Robyn - I'm glad you enjoyed the video! It was a lot of fun filming as well. Shipping definitely gets difficult when shipping large boxes. In this case very large boxes. I did my best to mitigate and even absorbed as much as I could. Thanks for understanding! @Caz - Orange almost made the cut. If this project funds I certainly plan on expanding the selection! @Jazzy - Good eye! November is still the plan, as I padded the production times given by the manufacturer. I anticipated some delays, but I believe we should be okay! However, that is not to say that there won't be...don't even want to think about it... unaccounted-for delays... Regardless, thank you so much for your support!!! @Adam - Thanks my friend! I owe you TWO cheesesteaks now. @Patrick - My wife's favorite is purple as well - thanks! @Sarah - Thanks for the support! When (fingers crossed) this Kickstarter funds I definitely plan on expanding the color assortment. These six are the foundation to start! @Erin - I'm excited that your excited - thank you! :) @Richard - thank you! Your support and enthusiasm has been great!