I'd hoped to have an update out this week addressing concrete solutions for backers regarding the shipment of rewards in advance of project completion. I'm not yet ready to make publish that update, but am very close and will do so as soon as possible. We are currently evaluating several strategies based in part on suggestions made by backers either through email or in the comments section. I will present the proposal(s) that work from an economic standpoint to the community for feedback. I will also include a revised schedule for project completion in the next update. Anything mentioned here of significance will ultimately be included in subsequent updates. Certainly the bulk of backers get their information from that source. Given the delay in this project we are actively working on a way to provide a short term solution to backers (e.g. sending out rewards early). There have been multiple suggestions and we are evaluating several that we see as potentially viable. Out right refunds at this stage remain complicated as a result of the fixed development costs associated with bringing a product to market. I will have a full update out to everyone as soon as I can and the ultimate solution will require feedback from the group before we take action. Since we are not yet on the precipice of production we want to find short solution that not only works for us, but is meaningful to backers. I expect to post that update on either Tuesday or Wednesday of next week. There was certainly no intent to patronize in my update and you have my apologies if it felt that way. We are clearly at a challenging point in this project and I am aware of the sentiments of the backers. My next update will be more action oriented as we attempt to make the best of the current situation. As proposed by some backers we are discussing shipping rewards which may help to blunt the impact of the delay for those interested in staying in. It is not possible to refund in the middle of the development process. That is neither the answer that I prefer to give nor that anyone wants to hear, but it is the reality. Components need to be purchased in advance of production. There is still an on/off button on the Bluetooth module. While the unit still draws a very small amount of power while in the off position it is almost negligible and i've noticed similar battery performance to that of the Nano without any accessory plugged into it. There was a question about the size of the Jaybird Bluetooth dongle relative to SYRE. The delta is minimal (a couple of millimeters) and they were able to rebrand the existing Kokkia design. This is something that we attempted, but were rejected. The Kokkia design is the result of multiple years of design and a far more significant development investment. We will do our best to honor refund requests as we get close to shipping. The only products that can't be refunded are the Nano;s since they had to be secured early on and are not returnable (and we are not authorized by Apple to resell them). There are obviously sunk development costs associated with production though to the extent possible we will try and honor all requests and treat people in as fair a manner as possible. We will be issuing a global update by Monday. We've run into some short term challenges securing Apple components, but are making progress. To respond to a few of the comments suggesting that i've lied to backers in regards to the design I can only say nothing could be further from the truth. Prototypes change over the course of engineering and while I completely understand that some feel that design has changed enough to warrant a return of their pledge, there has been no intentional deception on the part of the project team. We have and will continue to work diligently to bring a stylish product to market that brings wireless connectivity to the Nano in a stylish, compact and intentional package. We believe that the final design, while slightly different, delivers on our original promise and maintains most of the design cues that made the original product attractive. We are just as eager to deliver as backers are to receive. We are in the tooling phase which is required to make the SYRE watch mold. The mold, in turn, is used to mass produce the product. Following molding there are final tests that are done by Apple and Bluetooth and then the product is ready for mass production. Once molding is complete 6-8 week process which began in January we will be able to provide a more definitive time frame than spring. While things have moved a bit more slowly than we'd like we are making good progress. Nanos have been purchased but headphones have not. They have been sourced, however, and will be purchased closer to shipment. Using SYRE while working out (jogging, lifting weights, shooting hoops, golfing and yoga are just a few of the things i've tried) has truly been a pleasure. Many who have seen it in person are fans of the design. That said, the BT module is larger than planned originally shown. While we can't issue refunds immediately since proceeds have been used to secure Nanos and complete the production of SYRE, we have no desire to keep $$$ for refund requests any longer than necessary. We are currently projecting handling refunds just prior to shipping, but will do so sooner if it becomes possible. The final product is a pleasure to be active with and makes using a Nano as a fitness watch far more enjoyable than what has previously been available to consumers. I understand that some are unhappy with the design changes related to the size of the chip used to provide Bluetooth connectivity. While we have worked diligently to retain the original design cues (and are quite happy with the outcome), we respect the opinions of those who feel differently. Refunds are unable to be issued until closer to product shipment since all proceeds being used to complete the project. We are pushing this forward as diligently as possible. I wanted to provide a brief update on the status of the final engineering prototypes. I received an email last night that they will be shipped out to me today. In addition to posting images in a backer update we will be going over these units with a fine tooth comb to ensure that everything is working properly and that all design cues match our expectations. My goal is to post images by the end of the week. I got an email from the manufacturer over the holiday stating that the band prototypes will be delayed until January 4th. We will be speaking this week to discuss the reasons behind the delay. Full prototypes are coming soon. Schedule calls for completion on 12/24 (factory works through the holiday) and they will be FedEx'd to me. I will post images and video upon receipt. Nanos are all brand new and purchased directly form Apple. I will have an updated posted before the week is out. The good news generated this week is that the manufacturer is able to create a more permanent mold that should allow us to release engineering prototypes in advance of shipping the production version. The difference between the engineering prototypes and the real deal is that they will have gone through our internal performance testing for things like wireless interference, battery life and Bluetooth functionality, but will not have gone through all of the third party tests (which include Apple's MFi tests). In other words the early devices will work well, but will officially be designated as "prototypes" and may have undiscovered bugs. Defective models will be replaced and discovered issues will be fixed. For those among the backers that like to be true early adopters and help us identify any last bugs prior to scale production we will ship out as many (it will not be all 1400, but could be as high as 200) of these prototypes as we can obtain. I am told that they will be ready in early February. This pre-production test approach will require approvals that are discretionary since this is an Apple MFi product, but the manufacturing hurdles have now been cleared. We are currently seeking the additional approvals needed to make it a concrete reality. We are working hard and being as creative as possible to get SYRE out as quickly as we can. Our Facebook site... <url>é Spivey There are several challenges with this approach. The most important is that I purchased the Nano's from Apple for promotional purposes and am not allowed to "sell" them. They are gifts that come with your pledge. Shipping them out without the product would compromise both the agreement that we signed and could jeopardize our status as an MFi manufacturer. The cost of shipping would also become problematic as the budgeting for the project assumes one shipment to each household not multiple. Not at all. Everyone that we speak to has a hard time understanding the use case for the new Nano. If you are looking to be active and mobile, the wrist based form factor is second to none. Also, Apple will likely still be selling the 6th gen Nano on its refurbished site. What it does mean is we will be selling more product online versus in stores. After the tooling is complete the longest remaining task is the testing that occurs. Since this is an Apple MFi product it will require testing by Apple though we are completing the same tests now and do not expect surprises there, but it will take time as they have numerous MFi products that get tested. The Bluetooth SIG will also do their own testing and then there will be general consumer electronics testing that is done which includes wireless interference and safety testing. Some of these will be done concurrently while others will be sequenced. At the moment Spring is as specific as we can get. The next long lead time activity is the creation of the tools that will be used to create the cavity molds used for the watch band and Bluetooth module production. We are working closely with our manufacturer to reduce the time of this activity as we have a relatively simple design. Once that process begins we will be in a better position to refine the delivery date to a more specific window. What we are trying to avoid is providing dates that are too specific before we pass appropriate milestones. We'll try out this live exchange concept and if it's helpful we will do it again if not we won't. I've tried to engage with backers in the ways that have been useful for me on the other projects that i've backed. For me direct emails and project updates were most helpful, but there are clearly people that prefer the use of the comments forum and so we will adjust to that. I will definitely be more present in this space. I am also curious about general interest in a "live" dialogue from time to time. It could be a good way to learn more about backers. There was a question about the Nano's and their warranty. My experience with Apple is that they will exchange/replace defective products that have been used in a manner consistent with their design. Since you can still purchase 6th gen Nano's in their refurbished store, the place where discontinued products live, I do not expect replacement supply to be an issue. We will also work with any backers who have problems with their Nano's (though we do not expect Nano related issues as they are being well cared for). Since this is a bit impromptu I don't expect that there will be much activity this first time, but if there is interest I can send out a time that I will be on in advance so that people who are available and interested can participate. Dear Backers, I'll start by saying that we certainly are not going anywhere and are whole heartedly committed to seeing this project through to the finish line. I've been using the general updates section as well as responding to individual emails as my primary means of communication. While i've been waiting for major milestones in order to provide updates I do see the value of this forum for fast updates and as a result will be sure to use this space more frequently for informal communication. A few quick updates: - The Bluetooth module is in working order including all functionality of remote play, pause and skip. - The final engineering prototype module housing has been completed and now the prototype tooling which will be used to create the cavity mold for the final engineering watch band prototype has begun. In laymen's terms we are quite close (roughly two weeks) to receiving the final engineering prototypes and will send out photos and videos upon receipt. - We are continuing to push for, as discussed in my late October update, pre-production samples to get out to backers as quickly as possible, but do not yet have a timeline for when that will be able to happen and how many we will be able to get. Ultimately it is the customer, and in this case the backers, that I need to be most mindful of. Like myself, you saw the true value in this product and were so passionate that you were willing to put up your hard earned cash well in advance of receipt of your purchase. While ultimately that requires that we provide you with a product that embodies the qualities that excited you in the first place, it also means that we need to keep you abreast of changes and informed of progress. If I have short changed you with respect to communication I hope that you will accept my sincere apology. In an effort to earn back the trust of those who feel that I have not been communicative enough I will make myself available for the next hour to do a live question and answer session here. If it proves useful I can make it a regular occurrence. Ultimately your feedback drives our decisions so I think it would be a great use of time for me and hopefully will help to answer any pressing questions of the backers. Best regards, Anyé Hopefully everyone was able to review last night's post. All those who have pledged at the 'but I don't have a Nano' level have nothing to fear. Your Nano's are safe and sound locked away in my office. The visible buttons are connected to plungers that actuate the Nano buttons by transferring force at a 90 degree angle. When moving it is more difficult to press down on something than it is to grip the watch case between your pointer finger (I believe that is what your second finger over from your thumb is called) and thumb and apply force directly into the Nano using plungers that do not need to transfer force at a right angle. This change would only be made if it resulted in a superior product with increased reliability and functionality during mobile usage. Thanks for all of the patience/support. We are working with our manufacturer to get a new round of prototypes out in August. Manufacturing a device with Apple is challenging process and requires adherence to their timeline/protocols when it comes to using their proprietary components such as the 30 pin connector and their controller chip that allows external components to communicate directly with Nano. We have greatly reduced the Apple approval time by using a an already licensed Apple manufacturer out of Asia that we have a personal relationship with. Once this process is complete (current schedule calls for mid-August), also known as the MFi approval, we can actually take Apple components outside of the factory. Yes, they run a tight ship! The buttons are functional and correspond to the sleep/wake and volume buttons on the Nano. We are exploring the idea of moving the buttons to the side to further refine the sleekness/style of the device along with improving the reliability of the push as well as the ease of use while in motion. The iPod's OS and Apple's MFi protocol does not allow for any connection between the iPod Nano and the iPhone. SYRE is compatible with the 5th and 6th (current) generation iPod Nano. With respect to any future plans of Apple to change the data port or iPod Nano itself we have no inside information with respect to their future products. There will be a survey sent out at the end of the project period that asks for color, size and any other pertinent data updates such as an address changes. This, of course, will be after the survey sent out to all project backers regarding the selection of the final colors. There have been a few questions posted about heart rate monitors and their compatibility with SYRE. Nike makes an adapter that plugs into the Nano, but unfortunately uses the same data port as the Bluetooth connection. SYRE users can disengage the Bluetooth connection, lock it into place on the wrist band and connect a Nike+ adapter, but this unfortunately would then require the use of wired headphones. I personally think that SYRE's cool factor would offset the temporary use of wired headphones.. We have some great ideas in store for future products that we are just beginning to work on that include additional health/activity monitoring capabilities so stay tuned... For early bird backers who would now like to add an additional reward you will need to pledge the higher package amount now that the early birds have expired. They are all still incredible deals that we hope you will enjoy! Hopefully all have been getting the numerous project updates that we've been sending out. We are planning some additional press around reaching 2 wonderful milestones in this journey. The full funding of the $75,000 and 1,000. The second milestone is admittedly somewhat arbitrary, but passing our goal means that we will all be experiencing a "cord cutting" ceremony when we go wireless with SYRE in just a few months. Thanks again for all of your support and keep the emails coming. I think that we have now responded to well over 500 individual emails in just 2 weeks time. We are working on some revisions to the prototype wiring board and will have some images to share soon. There are several complexities in addition to the Bluetooth components that require additional engineering such as trying to work out a way to keep the radio operable while the Bluetooth connection is engaged. This is mostly challenging because we do not want to compromise the design simply to add this feature, but understand that it is important to some and will include this functionality if it is cost effective and practical. We have just completed our fifth day on Kickstarter and have lots more to share. Feel free to send me a message if you have further questions. Thank you for your support! All the best, Anyé No smoke and mirrors here. We are using the power of bulk purchasing while taking a small hit on some of the early bird packages in order to keep things moving and reward our early supporters. The Nano packages are designed to entice those who don't have a Nano and would otherwise skip over a product that required an additional purchase. We hope that you enjoy our good natured gifts and tell all of your friends about SYRE. Best regards, Anyé Thank you Brady. The outpouring of support has been great as have all the words of encouragement. Some people have even gone as far as putting the accent over the "é" in my name when they write in with questions! Now that's detail. We are very excited about SYRE and look forward to continuing to share the journey with our supporters and ultimately getting the product into their hands in as little time as possible. All the best, Anyé Jim, You make a fair point and I can't speak for the creators of other projects. What I can say is that I have backed several projects and had an enjoyable experience thus far on Kickstarter. The breadth of incredible projects created by hardworking people often times with little more than their own savings, a small network of supporters and a desire to improve the lives of those around them is truly inspiring. My goal is to be transparent, responsive and ultimately deliver upon the promise of SYRE. While I hope that you will support our undertaking, I can't promise that I will be able to make everyone happy despite even my best efforts. If you have questions please feel free to send me a direct email and I will answer it to the best of my ability. We are only in the 3rd day of this campaign. With the patience, feedback and support of this newly created community, this project will not only succeed, but our company will go on to create other empowering products that transform the way users live, work and play. Kickstarter is a great platform, but it will only be as good as we, the users, make it. I myself am not an earbud person, but searched for quite some time to find a pair of stereo headphones (I am using the word interchangeably with earphones) that I could use while jogging, lifting weights, golfing, playing basketball, etc. A secure and comfortable fit is, however, just the beginning. Good active headphones also need to be durable and provide great sound. The OT Tags were the result of this search and I am sharing them with our project backers at a fraction of the retail cost. I can't promise that everyone will like them as much as I do, but they are a great product and I think that has been proven out by their popularity. I hope that this answer helps. The Outdoor Technology Tags are not available on OT's website because they were quite popular and sold out. New inventory will be coming in later this summer. If for some unforseen reason beyond our control our friends at OT cease to exist, the Bluetooth headphones provided for this project will be of a similar style, quality, durability and value. Our goal is to make your SYRE usage is convenient, productive and enjoyable. I will be posting a more detailed rewards update in the coming days. Stay tuned... With respect to all Bluetooth questions please see the latest update on the project home page. Kickstarter currently does not allow multiple rewards to be purchased at the same time. As a result we are considering offering additional rewards that include multiple rewards in one tier. If you have suggestions about rewards that you would like to see please let us know. We will do all that we can to secure the color Nano that the project backer desires. However, since we do not manufacture them, color choice will be subject to availability. All Nano's will be purchased at the close of the Kickstarter project period. The Bluetooth headphones will be the Outdoor Technology Bluetooth Tags or similar. I have been using the Tags for several months now and they are great for listening to music while in motion. They also have a great feature that allows you to clip them around your neck when you don't need them. Lastly and most importantly they have great sound. You will be getting a Brand New current generation iPod Nano.