@BC - the support team will contact you directly to troubleshoot and help resolve the issue you're experiencing. @Pablo- the support team will contact you directly to troubleshoot and help get you up and running. @Cheryl - Thank you for your feedback! At this time, the Android app is available exclusively for download in Google Play Store. A Quick Update: The Melon Android V1.0.3 app is available for download in the Google Play Store. <url>’ve shipped headbands to all backers who have confirmed their shipping address and provided a phone number for delivery purposes. If you have not received your headband, please contact <email> for assistance. If you ordered a special badge when you backed Melon, those badges will be shipped separately from your headband. Please stand by for details and a target date for shipping. For Android beta app support, to report a bug or provide feedback please email <email> For general headband questions and support please email <email> Thank you! @Marcel -- There is an accelerometer in the Melon headband that is not yet accessible to developers in the SDK. Raw data is accessible via the iOS and Android SDKs. Please check out the SDK documentation for additional info. *Developers can email <email> to send feedback, questions and direct support. A Quick Update: *The next Melon Android beta app update is targeted for release on Thursday, August 6th. For Android beta app support, to report a bug or provide feedback please email <email> For general headband questions and support please email <email> If you have shipping questions please email <email> Thank you! Hello all, shipping to backers in Italy and Germany is underway and will continue next week. If you have responded to the Melon Team to confirm your current shipping address and phone number, you will receive an email with tracking info at the time of shipment. For all other shipping questions or issues please contact <email>. Happy 4th of July & great weekend wishes to everyone! Hello all, just a quick comment today, with more information coming later this week and next. We are finalizing options for Italy and Germany customers and we plan to reach out to all of them. As we mentioned, the team is growing, and once they're all caught up to speed we believe this will help improve frequency and speed of updates. Hello everyone - We just wanted to post a quick comment and let you know that more frequent updates will resume in June, starting on the 1st. As a team, we've had to focus our full attention on some pressing matters outside of Kickstarter for the past couple of weeks. But now we're thrilled for 5 new team members to be joining us full time on June 1st and for things to continue to progress on our side, faster than ever!! More next week... :) Hey all, Just a quick heads up - the post with details on the android beta-app launch, and how to access the beta is scheduled for tomorrow or Friday depending on how quickly turnaround in the google play store is (we've heard it's very fast). At that point we will have more details to share, so we figured this was best. Thanks! Melon Team Hey all, Just a quick update on Android. We have a version of the Android app working. It still has a few known bugs. Many of you suggested that you'd be happy to beta-test the app just to get something working with your headband. We looked into beta-testing options for Android and we're preparing a version that we'll be opening to beta-testing before we launch the app fully to the Google Play store. We will be posting information on joining the beta-testing in our update this Wednesday, and we appreciate the feedback and ideas. Looking forward to having Android soon! -Melon Team Hey all, Just a heads up, Android is not live yet. That said, we'll be posting our weekly update tomorrow with more thorough details. Thanks! Just to give everyone a heads up, this weeks update will be posted tomorrow :) Talk soon! - Team Melon Karl - Yes, we are still shipping! We've just sent you an email from our <email> email address. Note to developers: Please 'buy' the SDK when you are ready to download it. The download link is only good for 6 hours. That said, if you already 'bought' it and missed the download window, we can reopen your link for downloads later. Just send us an email at <email>! We hope everyone has a great weekend! Hey Everyone, The iOS/OSX SDKs (in beta) and Android SDK (in alpha) are available to download at developer.thinkmelon.com Also on our developer page is a forum for everyone to help each other out, suggest changes, and interact with our developer. Again, we're really excited to see what everyone builds and eager to help! SDK Release Moved to Wednesday the 18th We've created the email "<email>" so that you can start having technical conversations with our team about your projects. We're really sorry for any inconvenience this delay may cause anyone. @All - we've worked through almost all the emails sent to <email> and appreciate you all providing us with the information to help make international shipments happen more smoothly. We're continuing development on Android, iOS update is accepted by Apple and should be released any time early this week, and SDKs are on target. We'll be providing our weekly update but just wanted to let you all know what we've been up to! @Remiam, battery doesn't run down faster if the two ends are connected. Thank you all and we'll post an actual update with more info this week! Note to all custom badge backers. No custom badges have been sent out yet, these are being taken care of and sent out separately after headband shipments are complete. Update #37 now posted :) Have a great weekend! We have updated our website: www.thinkmelon.com to include a more extensive Support/FAQ section, which acknowledges most of the questions asked on our comment board and in emails. We hope this will be helpful, and we will continue to grow this information base over time. Hey all, update #36 posted. We are posting an update tomorrow, keep an eye out! Update #35 is up with the latest info - hope everyone has a good holiday season! Hello Everyone, First of all, based on all of your feedback, we want to let you know that we're working on putting together more comprehensive user information and plan to share it all in an update and on our website as soon as it's ready. We're doing our best to respond to all direct messages in a timely manner. Since we are seeing a lot of the same questions, we're posting an FAQ here, but generally direct messages or emails are the best ways to get individual answers. Where is "track"? In Explore, you can currently view your data in real-time and experiment with the focus algorithm. The next app update will allow you to save this data with tags at the end of a session. Over time, this section will get the most updates based on our users. What's new with Android?/When can I get the SDK? Based on all of the feedback on the iOS App, our developer is hard at work fixing known bugs and this has affected timing on Android and SDK release. This is because in addition to updating the iOS App, we're also in the process of incorporating the changes and your feedback into Android and the SDKs, as well. How do I connect via Bluetooth? To connect the device, you must be in the Melon app. Make sure the device is on, with the LED blinking blue. Bluetooth on your phone must also be enabled. Then, go into the headband menu in the upper righthand menu to connect to your Melon. How is EEG data incorporated into the games? When wearing your Melon, the background gradient changes colors based on your focus during the games. Blue means most focused, and red-orange is least focused. The graph at the end is a summary of your focus score throughout the games. Soon, we will be adding a Trends section where you can view your improvement over time. Why does the EEG data get noisy when I move? This is true of all EEG, and we're proud to say our signal quality is great (more on this soon). At Melon, we feel strongly that we do not hide the raw voltage data from our users, and we're the only mobile EEG we know of that displays raw voltage in real time. All EEG data behaves this way, and just because you see it get noisy doesn't mean that the data isn't meaningful. EEG is not meant to be analyzed by eye. In addition, we've gotten lots of feedback from users who want to learn how to interpret this section better, and we're putting together a guide for that. My headband isn't turning on. We have a fix for this! It's a little long for this update, so please email us at <email> and we will send you the steps ASAP. Also, we're working on a firmware fix. Are all headbands shipped? Not yet, we're still shipping, so if you don't have yours yet keep your eye out for tracking info! Please keep in mind, that the Melon team is only 4 people. Shipping has been a massive undertaking, but we're doing our best for all of you. And, we're not going anywhere!! :) Status of android app will be in the next update so that everyone can view. @Dave - The app is called Melon - Brain Training, and is targeted for iPhone but will work on iPad. We really appreciate how excited you are for the product and couldn't be more excited for you to have it! We're working hard to make it great for you, we'll make sure to keep updating you all, and improving the product! Everyone have a great weekend! All the best, The Melon Team @Joseph - we'll reach out shortly. Hey all, We've submitted an expedited update to the current Melon App. We know there is a bug being experienced when opening the app, and this new version will fix it. Hopefully it will be up ASAP! Also, we just wanted to say, we appreciate all the positive feedback from those that have received their headbands. For those that have not received their headbands, tracking information is still being sent out along with headbands each day, so don't worry! Once the updated version of the App is live, we'll be publishing an update with more info on headbands and software for everyone. All the best, The Melon Team Hi Everyone - Posting an update this afternoon (PST)! :) Hello all, Just wanted to let you all know the next update will be posted this Friday. We appreciate the comments and are taking them into consideration while writing the update. All the best, Melon Hey guys, we have read these and are incorporating into the future update. Appreciate all the positive vibes after our last update! @Mark, please see last update/comment from our team re giving a firm timeline, we work to explain why this can be difficult but we're doing our best and will incorporate this feedback into next update. @Dmitry, glad you got the early bird deal! Shipping is being organized by location with our new distribution partner's protocols. @Remiam, we've posted a number of updates, which you should be receiving via email. If you haven't seen them yet please check them out via Kickstarter on our project page :) From our latest update: "Giving you an accurate timeline has been the hardest part of building Melon since our Kickstarter campaign. We constantly work with our factory and contract manufacturers, experts in the space, to give you the best estimate possible, and we update you almost as regularly as we receive news ourselves. And we ask every day! Seriously! All of the kinks in the complicated production of our product were resolved by the beginning of September. Something we've since learned is that factories will delay smaller-sized orders from new clients (AKA Melon doing its first production run) for larger orders for standing clients. Often times, we go without news, too, or receive inaccurate quotes about timeline. So, it is frustrating for all of us. As of right now, we do know that production is up and running. We're shipping a large number of units to warehouses next week, and distribution will begin again once those are received. Week of Oct 20th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses Week of Oct 27th: Continued production + Shipping to warehouses + Distribution This will be the continued pattern until all units are produced and shipped." @Abed - Just messaged you! Please message back with updated address. @Xuzi - Nope! Please see latest update for more info. @Nachi - We’d love to be showering our awesome backers in swag, but if we had that kind of cash we’d be using it for more speed :) Hopefully someday we will have that luxury! @Ben - See above :) @Lars - Tell us about it… ;) We feel the same! @Mark - Sorry we did not respond to your earlier post, we appreciated today’s comment and took it into account into today’s update. @Xuzi - Sorry you feel this way, hope our update helps shed light on how building a company/product goes. We have aimed for transparency throughout the process, even though we haven’t sent updates as often as everyone would like. New update posted!! @Fed: address updated! @Ninad we have responded to you via direct message on Kickstarter. Please check and reply there. @Elizabeth, you will get your Melon. Stay strong! We're sorry for the delay but obviously doing our best to build something innovative, and meaningful! Hey y'all, we've been waiting on news from our factory about shipments to update you. But, it's Golden Week (<url>"beta" pushes of the app via TestFlight, an app distribution service, before releasing it to the public via the App Store and Google Play. 2) iOS will be released first ,because it is further along. A version of Android will be released shortly after. So that you all understand, we are a very small team and we have more experience developing and launching for iOS than we do launching for the diversity of hardware devices running Android. Besides focusing on getting hardware out the door, finalizing the app for both platforms is our top priority. We actually have no lives outside of making this happen, so we appreciate your patience and support :) Lastly, all address updates can be sent as direct messages. Hope everyone is well! All the best, Melon New update posted (pictures included). Hope everyone has a great weekend. Melon Hey all, Update will be coming tomorrow. Finalizing all the work that will go into the update today and we should have some exciting pictures and info. All the best, Melon @Mikhail please message us with your updated address. @David we will be providing another update this week :) Hey all, in Hong Kong and just posted a new update. Brief, but more to come soon. Hey all, schedule update coming next week. We arrive in Hong Kong on Monday and will outline our schedule from there. All the best, Melon Team Hi everyone, To update your shipping address please message us on Kickstarter. Also, @courtney, there will be an Android app available. All the best, The Melon Team Hey all, new update posted! Developers, initial SDK docs can be found here: <url>#21 for the latest on shipping, and we'll be posting another update next week with further updates :) @Everyone - Available to all is an update (#22) on our plans for launching the SDK and a researcher/developer platform and what capabilities each of those will allow. A new update is up for Kickstarter backers! To those looking for more developer info: Included in the update is an announcement that our CTO will post an SDK-specific update available to all backers and the public next week. Hey Everyone! Just wanted to let you know that Melon is at Neurogaming Conference today and tomorrow, and an update is coming on Friday! @Pablo and @Aleksandrs - That's right, the headbands are now adjustable. Love to see our backers helping each other out :) @Dmitry - Look for the update on Friday for API news + some exciting developments @Brian - We're going to post the limited-edition badge colors in our next update, so you can pick then. They're not on our website because the custom badges are only for KS backers of that particular level! @Naga - We've sent you a direct message on Kickstarter ~Mini-Update~ Today we sent out final surveys to all headband backers. We are preparing a longer update, which we will share next week. Schedule is as provided in our latest updates. Please send us a message if you have any questions! @Nicholai - We really appreciate your continued support and patience! Yes, delivery is scheduled to occur starting at the end of May and continue through June. Should anything happen that further delays shipments, we will inform everyone via an update and give you a chance to re-confirm your shipping address. The last thing we'd want is for a change in address to keep anyone from getting their headband after all this time! :) To Everyone - If you wish to double check or change your listed address at any point in time from now until you receive your headband, please send us a direct message here on Kickstarter and we will edit our records! @Michael - Sure thing! Just sent you a message. @Kadar - please check your direct messages! @Nitzan - We're happy to send an invoice in advance of delivery! Sending you a direct message now... @Felipe @Emma @Tito - A new update is up! Hello commenters! @Pim, @Jelena @Media, @Jimmy - Please check your direct messages for more information. @shahbaz - Our apologies!! This was taken care of today. Please DM us if there is anything further we can do for you. @Jack - Thank you for your comment! We appreciate your advice. Hopefully our upcoming update will restore your confidence that we are 100% delivering the product, although, as everyone knows, rather delayed. @David - It’s coming! Any specific details you’d like us to include? This blog post, written by founder of Kickstarter, may provide useful insight to all those who visit Kickstarter, whether you backed Melon, another project, are considering backing a project, or are thinking about becoming a project creator: <url>’s sake that you would like us to share, please feel free to DM us at any time. We are a small team of 5 and spend all of our time working to craft the best product possible and deliver on our latest schedule, but we will get back to you! Promise! To all non-backers, please visit our website: www.thinkmelon.com. You can now preorder the device for $149, with delivery scheduled for this summer. @Andrew @Chi-Hime Again apologies for the delay, a team member is reaching out to you via direct message on Kickstarter. @Paul- Info on developer tools is included in the latest update :) Hi Everyone!! Thanks for pushing us to provide an update. The latest is now posted to backers. For all of you non-backers, you can now preorder the headband on our website at www.usemelon.com. Kickstarter backers will be getting their Melons first, and once those are all delivered we will start fulfilling preorders from our website in the order received :) @Paul Hey @Jimmy and @Luke, We did attend CES, and even bumped into some backers! It was a great event, and we'll work to track down some of the photos of Melon in action. We'll be posting an update today, so stay tuned! Thanks for the continued interest and support! Hi Everyone - Just wanted to post a comment and let you all know that we're spending the next couple of weeks prepping to give demos at CES in January. If you will be attending, we hope to see you there! Happy holidays :) @Joshua and Charles - The headband, while not designed for sleeping, is certainly suitable for taking measurements during sleep and we believe that you'll find it comfortable enough to wear all night! We posted the below comment in response to questions asked about our latest update, and just wanted to also share it here :) Hi Everyone, Thank you for your comments. We apologize for being vague about delivery schedule. We hate disappointing our backers, which is why we have been waiting to give a precise date, but by waiting we have still upset a number of you. On our comment board, we did give a rough estimate of “first quarter 2014.” This is holding true, with production occurring mid-February and shipping in March. Rest assured, Melon is healthy and working hard to deliver an awesome product! In the past few months we have not been posting updates very close together, but we understand that many of you would like to see photos of our progress. So, we will prepare a photo journal to share with all of you that shows the progression of the headband from before Kickstarter to now. In addition, we will post a more thorough schedule, but please understand that it may be subject to change. Expect to see this update early next week. Thank you all for your support, and keep an eye out for our next update. We hope it answers many of your questions. All the best, The Melon Team Hi Melon Backers! Hope everyone had a great Halloween. Check out this awesome interview of Melon's CEO and co-founder, Arye Barnehama! <url>#melonheads! The future for Melon is extremely exciting and now we get to share it with all of you! Update coming in the morning after the team gets some long overdue rest :) To all our supporters, you are amazing! Thank you all so so much, we can't express how incredible this moment is. All the best, The Melon Team @helder, we just spoke with our manufacturers today about the possibility of making the headband resizable (still an option), and as discussed before we are working to create the best possible user experience, which we believe should be a highly personalized experience, to give individuals insight and understanding around their focus. Many other consumer products such as Nike Fuelband, Fitbit, and Jawbone UP have also taken this approach and they come from much larger companies than us. This decision will continue to be made during the manufacturing process and we will take into account all suggestions during the process but there won't be news before the end of Kickstarter. The poster and stickers are not stretch goals but rather for people interested in supporting Melon more and receiving some limited edition Melon gear. @Melon backers thanks for the support! All the best, The Melon Team 40 hours left and we just sent out our latest backer update! If you want you can now add $5 to your pledge for Melon stickers or $40 for the limited edition Melon poster. Final hours of Melon let's see if we can end with a bang Melon supporters! We are so grateful for all of your support and help already. Please feel free to share with all friends you think would be interested, they've only got 40 hours left to purchase a Melon until November. All the best, The Melon Team @ravi, the origami game is a really exciting part of Melon. It allows you to improve your focus while doing a fun activity. We will definitely continue to update the app after the initial launch and add features but are until launch we will be perfecting what we've already been building. That said, we are launching our SDK early so developers can get a head start on building apps for Melon, some of which could be awesome games! All the best, The Melon Team @maxime, @helder thanks for the support. We are working very hard on providing the optimal headband solution with enough flex and adjustability to be the best headband for everyday use. Many wearable devices such as the Nike Fuelband and the Jawbone UP come in sizes to allow for optimal performance and sizing for the user rather than trying to make one size fit everyone. That said, we are taking all options for headband sizing into consideration and you will be updated on our progress along the way. Thank you so much to everyone for the support! All the best, The Melon Team @emilychen, totally agree! Leap Motion is great and we have some friends there. Can't wait to get them integrated and see what happens from there! Thanks for the support we really appreciate it. All the best, The Melon Team @helder, thanks for the questions. We will be surveying all users asking for specific measurements after the campaign to make sure we provide them with the proper sizing. We are looking at adding the feature of adjustable sizing to the headband but want to make sure the design stays beautiful, and functional for use in day-to-day activities as we believe that is core to the user experience of Melon. Hope this is helpful. All the best, The Melon Team Hey everyone – We just sent out an update with our final stretch goal: $350,000 for an awesome web backend! @Chhon - We are using a chip that allows for backwards compatibility :) @Courtney - Love that idea! @NY Thank you for expressing your concerns with us. Here at Melon, we have already been working really hard on creating the best possible product for almost two years, and we waited to go on Kickstarter until we were very confident that we could deliver! It is not our intention to mislead or fall out of communication with our backers at any point during the campaign, from launch to delivery. In fact, after the Kickstarter closes, we will not be accepting any more orders, so that our primary focus can be on delivering the product to our backers on schedule. As noted in the "risks and challenges," it is possible that unforeseen challenges might present themselves when manufacturing a larger number of units, but we do not anticipate such challenges and we will keep backers updated throughout the process. We intend to send regular updates to our backers as relevant or interesting news about the project becomes available. Please know that between updates our top priority is delivering to our backers! @Yoni and @Jeff, Arduino hacking is definitely a cool option for interfacing Melon with our devices. Since Melon uses Bluetooth 4.0 LE you can also use the Arduino Bluetooth shield to interface wirelessly. Great to hear some of the cool projects people are thinking about building with Melon!! All the best, The Melon Team Hey all, we agree heart rate/hrv is really interesting but it would require too much development time and money to add to this product. We are working on what we think is a cool next stretch goal and will keep you all updated! As always, we appreciate the ideas and support! All the best, The Melon Team Thanks for all of the congratulations and comments! We will be announcing our next stretch goal, but before we do we are taking the time to consider all of your awesome ideas. Please keep an eye out for our next announcement! Hey everyone! We just wanted to say thank you for all of your amazing support and let you know how excited we are that we hit our 200k stretch goal! -The Melon Team @Kadar, thanks for the support! We are really excited and would love to reach our stretch goal as we think it will provide an awesome experience for everyone to have the accelerometer in their headband. Also, we love the enthusiasm! All the best, The Melon Team @Perry, we are still discussing this with NeuroSky. As a bigger company they have to take more time for their decisions but we are working on it and I think the answer will be yes. All the best, The Melon Team @Ronan, awesome! Thanks for the support and mentronome looks super cool. We're looking forward to you making it work with Melon as well! All the best, The Melon Team @helder Thanks for supporting the project! Unfortunately Kickstarter guidelines recently became very strict about what types of package levels they will accept, so we cannot offer a package of two! It would be amazing if one day we could have a one-size-fits-all headband, and the family insight that might result could be very useful. @András We definitely agree that putting EEG into a hat would be cool. Right now, the headband could fit under some hats. Glad you're excited to develop apps with Melon and can't wait to see what you build. @CK Melon uses three electrodes on the forehead region to monitor brainwave activity in the pre-frontal cortex and proprietary algorithms to detect mental states. There are a variety of ways to measure and analyze EEG data. Our three sensor method has allowed us to develop a desirable form factor and obtain the signal quality that we were aiming for. Sizing information will be released after the campaign, and all sizes have some stretch built in. The battery-life will not be noticeably affected by adding the accelerometer. @CK thanks for the support! The Melon headband come in small, medium, and large and each size allows for some flex. This was done in order to allow for the sleekest design possible whereas a adjustable is a lot less stylish and less streamlined. Also, Melon detects all brainwaves across the frequency spectrum, Delta, Theta, Alpha, Beta, and Gamma. @Maxime Thanks we've emailed them and are excited to connect! @Secret Labs, Arye from Melon has emailed you and we're excited to chat about developing an app together! All the best, The Melon team @CK and @Maxime, AGENT seems like a great project and we agree that syncing to a watch display could be awesome. We'll reach out to them and see what they say, I'd also suggest you guys comment/message them because there's nobody better than your backers! All the best, The Melon Team @Yoni, that is amazing! We're so happy to hear that you are so excited to work with Melon and that you are passionate about some amazing projects! @Kadar, thanks for the awesome words of encouragement. At Melon we totally believe that allowing our device to work with other devices such as FitBit, Nike Fuelband, Jawbone, etc. is the right direction. We are working hard to make our SDK compatible and to see where we can build integration. We agree that this is the best user experience. All the best, The Melon Team @Maxime and @Yoni we love the idea of integrating different sensors into the Melon device or creating more devices that fit into the Melon platform. Hear rate sensor is a great measurement and is something that the team has definitely looked into. Based on where the sensors need to be, size, etc. it would not work for this device but could make sense as a future device made by Melon. Thanks for all the support and keep up the suggestions, we love them! All the best, The Melon Team @Caleb, we sent you a personal message that was hopefully helpful on this topic. @Ao, After the Kickstarter we will ask you for your characters to be engraved. kanji/hiragana/katakana will work! All the best, The Melon Team @CK for the black headband we offer custom colors for the $129 pledge level and you get one of five Kickstarter only custom badges in either yellow, gray, lavender, orange or blue. Also, the $159 allows you to get a custom engraved aluminum badge. All the best, The Melon Team @Cameron, we like where your Melon is at! We're always looking into new sensors that could add insight to the Melon platform as well as extend the potential applications for the developer community! @Domen, thank you! We're really excited and we believe that IFTTT and connectivity with other automation devices is a very compelling usage case -- stay tuned for announcements in the next couple days :) @Dung, thanks we so excited by all the support! @Jimmy, thanks for backing Melon! We've built Melon so that it gives you insights into what helps or hurts your focus and also so that it gives you tips to stay focused while working. Also... if you want a break from your exam studying you can train your focus using the origami section of the app and be more focused when you get back to studying! All the best, The Melon Team @Martin, Thank you so much for the kind words! We're definitely excited about the SDK and being able to work with the developer community around expanding Melon's functionalities. All the best, The Melon Team @Tyson - Thanks for your support of our project! We have not used Melon to detect seizures yet, but we are really hopeful that it can become a useful tool for seizure detection with the help of experienced developers and researchers in that area. @TekSpree Thanks for your support! There's always the SDK @Sanju, what we are looking at is an onboard 3-axis accelerometer for fitness/health related activities, correlation of head movement to focus, and for developers to have a second data source to work with. The VectorNav is an awesome chip, currently we working with the STMicroelectronics LIS3DH 3-axis accelerometer. Regarding spatial orientation sensor... love the idea, a definite future possibility. @Deepak we are creating an SDK for developers to work with Melon and will be releasing documentation for iOS, Android, .net, Arduino, Processing, among other platforms. The SDK will ship early to give developers a head start. @Linus delivering a great experience to our backers is our #1 priority and part of that is shipping on time. We have taken a lot of early steps to make sure that we will manufacture on deliver on schedule. Thanks for the support, really excited to have reached our goal! @Maxime thanks so much for your support of Melon! A very special moment for the team to see it go over our goal. There will be a carry case don't worry! @Joerg couldn't have said it better ourselves! So excited and can't wait to work with all of our backers! The SDK and hardware docs will be released prior to November! @Chong Thanks for your interest! We built the headband to have the highest possible signal during physical activity, and we're excited to see how you use it. @Riccardo Melon uses the same signal processing chip as NeuroSky, so it will have some similarities and some differences. The headband has three electrodes, all across the forehead. @Russell Sakolsky Not to worry, there will be a sizing guide sent out that will allow you to get the Melon that will fit you best. It will not be subject and we want to make sure the experience is very personalized and enjoyable from sizing to using the app. Thanks for clearing up, I'm sure many people have the same question and we will add it to the FAQ. All the best, The Melon Team @Arnout Kazemier The headband comes in three sizes, small, medium, and large and each size has a built-in flex to allow for variation of that band. We are not making a child-version headband right away, so children under 10 may need special padding for a proper fit. I believe the usage case you are describing is extremely interesting and we would be glad to chat with you more about it and see how Melon can help. All the best, The Melon Team @Mauricio Shanchez we will definitely be releasing both iOS and Android apps. The Android app will be similar to the iOS app shown in the video. All the best, The Melon Team @John Greer, the song is by Truce Lee and can be found at premium beats dot com. Also, I agree with the potential for interesting findings in your proposed study. Will you be testing this when you get Melon? All the best, The Melon Team @Kevin Long The signal processing chip we use has been tested against research grade equipment and has proven to have 96% accuracy relative to the research equipment. @Sara Bruns Thank you so much, your support and kind words mean a lot! All the best, The Melon Team @KickStar Thanks you so much for pledging, everyones support means so much to us and we are so excited! Regarding your question, Melon is definitely comfortable enough for sleep and with our SDK we will be offering access to algorithms around sleep. This definitely seems to be a popular area of interest for those looking to extend the Melon platform. Hope this helps and again, thank you so much for support! All the best, The Melon Team