Kyle Update: Our awesome QA guy, Richard, found some critical issues with the build before the holiday. Sorry it hasn't gone out yet! They're issues that would have been a MajorDeal(TM) for you guys, but thankfully they don't look like a big deal on my end. I'm back at work tomorrow and should have a build out for everyone shortly after that. Sorry if I'm spamming the comments section here, I just want to keep you all up to date on how things are going. Kyle: Hello again folks! I've run through the latest build myself, but we're going to hold off on uploading it to humble until Josh and one of our other developers can do a run through as well. It should be up this weekend, Monday at the latest I'd imagine. Things looked good with my testing so I don't foresee any big hiccups. I'll keep you posted. Quick update from our programmer, Kyle: Hi guys! Since the project is now largely waiting on me to finish up my work, I figured it was appropriate to give you a direct update on how things are coming. The good news is that the design / content is finally Done(TM), with only a small handful of fixes left for Josh and Carlos on that side of things. My plate has also gotten considerably smaller in the last few months, and I'm pretty excited to share the next build with everyone. Among the myriad of bug fixes and general improvements to the game I've made some big steps on the performance side. This build will have actual quality levels with a much larger impact on performance than the previous options available from the launcher. I'll be sending an internal build around at the end of today for testing within our small group and I hope to make that build available to everyone on Friday through Humble. I'll make sure we post another comment when that happens. I'll try and personally pop into the comments here with more frequent, small updates on how things are progressing. Shinji: we're testing a new release as we speak Hi Baalim, we have an update coming out very soon. It's not that we don't want to keep you in the loop, but every update takes up a lot of time that would otherwise go toward finishing the game. So we've decided it's best to update about once a month. Britta, it's obviously taken us a lot longer than we anticipated, but that's often the case with game development. Of course we want to release it as soon as we can but we want to make sure the game is the best is can be. I'm reluctant to give any dates because we've always been so far off with them, but I will say that we are getting very close! Thank you all for your patience. Baalim, we'll be posting an update very soon about the polishing we've been doing to prep the game for release. @light487: That's exactly our plan! We will release the game to our backers, and incorporate feedback from all of you as we continue to polish and optimize the game before a general release. Adam, take your time. Were really only in a hurry for the physical rewards since we need to manufacture them. Seth: Yes, although before we start selling it on Steam we will send you a DRM-free version through the Humble store. We plan to spend a little time polishing it up and taking in more feedback from our backers between our Kickstarter release and when we make it available to the general public. Light: sure thing, we will do one very soon. We've been waiting until the next Beta build is ready (which it basically is at this point.) Ben, we're going to release one more build to Beta-level backers any day now. Then, the next release will be to all the backers, starting with small set of levels, which will allow us to react quickly to feedback, and then release a few more levels each time. We're just as excited to get a build to you! thecaseace: Beta version 2 is just about ready. We'll be sending it out any time now with a full update as well! We keep getting delayed a little bit longer because there are some specific things we want to test in this build so we're making sure those are ready for prime time. Britta: we don't have an exact release date yet, but the end is finally in sight. It won't be ready before Christmas though, sorry! CurriedCat: I'm working on a new update right now, so keep your eyes open for it. In general, we are tying up loose ends, polishing the game, and working on minor technical issues that weren't enough bang for the buck up until this point. We also just updated to the latest version of Unity and had to resolve some issues with that. Most of this is the unexciting part which is why our updates have been a little slower, but it has to get done. Baalim: we sent an update earlier this month. I know some backers aren't receiving the updates, but you can read them in the updates tab. Starting Monday we are going to slowly start rolling out early builds to our Beta backers, starting with the upper tiers. I don't have a good estimate for final release yet though. Pegasus, we're planning to release this fall to y'all, but will probably continue polishing the game before we start selling it to the public. Thanks to you and everybody for your patience! @TheEvolutionary actually we did post updates in both March and April. Let me know if you can't see them. We're working on another one right now about our procedural terrain generation as well as our general progress. I plan to have it posted next week. D.M. We're using Unity as our engine, which requires Windows XP or Mac OS X 10.5 (or later.) Hi Dean, happy new year! We're working on the next update right now actually. It should be live tomorrow. D.M., we're running a little bit past schedule, but not too bad. Our plan right now is to have Beta in November, and be finished with the game at the very beginning of 2014. We'll continue to keep everyone posted about our estimated release in the updates too. Hi Rees! Yup, Barb and I are at a conference this week (the Lewis and Clark Trail Heritage Foundation) and when we return we will report on the conference as well as our progress on the game. Our plan is to send an update about once a month. Jon, nothing official yet, but there is still a chance! We really want to include the nightmare content too and are looking for alternative ways to fund it without delaying the core game. Also, we will have a new update for y'all any day now, we're just waiting for approval for use of some images. Hey Light, thanks for checking in! We are posting an update next week about our trip to NY historical society, as well as our progress on the game design, art, and music. Our plan is to continue to update about once a month. We don't have a forum now, but would be willing to set one up if there's enough interest. Let me know here, or via a message, if you want one. Thanks for all the great support everyone! We set up a page to allow PayPal donations for anyone that missed the Kickstarter. <url>"Fish Camp" and "Ocian in View" levels (modern day Iowa and Oregon.) The terrain for the travel levels are based off of 4 different sets: Eastern U.S., Great Plains, Rocky Mountains, and Pacific Northwest. Some levels will mix and match those sets and some will emphasize various elements in different ways. Travel levels will include many falls and rapids, and other landmarks like Beacon Rock and Beaverhead Rock. Also one of the Lewis levels will include a set piece based on the Great Falls of the Missouri (check out the update I just sent out for more details.) @John: I would love to do a Burke & Wills module. I'd also love to make a less specific, purely procedural game that is more about the exploration in general, from the Age of Discovery onward. But we'll see where things lead--we still have a lot of work ahead of us on Meriwether. Lewis did take celestial observations, although it was more to record where they traveled, than for navigation. We have plans to include it in the game in a minor way. John & Zak - I just looked up Ray Mears and he seems like a very interesting guy. I will make sure to watch some of his shows soon! The Burke & Wills expedition is one of my favorites. It's filled with a lot of the same wacky stuff that the Lewis and Clark story is filled with--for instance, they brought along 60 gallons of rum because they thought it would prevent their camels from developing scurvy. Also in the same way that Clark and Lewis had such incredible *good* luck, poor Burke and Wills had corresponding terrible luck. Graham and everyone, thanks for all the support so far, and for telling your friends! Thierry, a few other people have asked about a box and we are certainly considering it. We are trying to find an affordable solution and will let you know as soon as we decide. If there are other people interested in a box, please let us know! Light487: There is most definitely 3rd person hunting in the game. We've played the Cabela's games and they are somewhat influential, but we have a different and simpler take on it. Hunting is integrated with the world, so you may encounter animals while en route to do other tasks. In addition to survival, you can hunt non-game animals in order to take detailed scientific observations of them. Dickstarter: What we're trying to do is very difficult, but not impossible. We've spent a very long time prototyping and experimenting to arrive where we are. I am absolutely positive that it is possible and we will pull it off. This may not be a game for everyone, but it will be a treat for someone who is looking for something new, different, and deep. I completely agree that a videogame cannot capture the majesty of the outdoors. But we're not trying to. We are offering players the opportunity to play the role of an incredibly interesting character, experience an amazing story, and experiment with fun game mechanics that reflect the story in a systemic way. Sure, we all know what to expect when it comes to the geography on a large scale. But the exciting exploration in this game is in the details: the buffalo herd over that hilltop, a party of wandering NPCs who need your help, or a rare plant specimen you find on the bank of the Missouri river. There's no goblins or dragons, but there are grizzlies, a beached whale, starvation, dozens of American Indian tribes, each a unique nation unto itself, and "medicine" that make you erupt from both ends. If that's not adventure, I don't know what is. Tom, yes he sure does! You can see a work-in-progress of his 3D model here: <url>"gamey" mechanics in our updates, so stay tuned! Thank you François! It is a really fun story to design around--Lewis, Clark, and several of their men wrote so much more (and so much better) than other explorers of the time, so we have an enormous amount of interesting source material to work with. About the 3D, while on an indie budget, we know we won't be able to hit AAA quality graphics, but what you see in the video is still a work-in-progress and we are continually improving it.