Here is Joni Mitchell. A penny-yellow blonde with a vanilla voice. Influenced, or appearing to be influenced, by Judy Collins, gingham, leather, lace, Producer David Crosby (the ex-Byrd), Robert Herrick, North Battleford (Saskatchewan), New York (New York), Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, Chuck, seagulls, dolphins, taxicabs, Dairy Queen floats, someone named Mr. Kratzman "who taught me to love words," the Lovin' Spoonful, rain, sunlight, garbage, metermaids, and herself... ...Occasionally her lyrics seem to lose relevance and become frosting without any cake, but then then (sic), she's like a sand dune: you like the idea of her The record as a whole is another matter - I don't think I could ever tolerate all of it. There are three brilliant songs, one good one, three qualified bummers, and three are the flaming shits. Forever Changes features fairly tight, well-arranged tracks. Its weakest point is in the material. Some of the songs meander and lack real melodic substance. Leader Arthur Lee composed 9 of the 11 cuts. In his quest for originality, Lee sometimes had trouble giving the songs continuity. "The Red Telephone" is an example of this. It contains both excellent and mediocre portions. Jimi Hendrix sounds like a junk heap...his songs too often are basically a bore, and the Experience also shares with Cream the problem of vocal ability. Well, it's a real disappointment. After all the hoopla of signing with Columbia, using one of the best producers in the business and the well-spread reviews of dozens of limp-limbed and sweaty-brow reviewers who have seen Big Brother and Holding Company in performance, one would expect slightly more than what we have gotten...What this record is not is 1) a well-produced, good rock and roll recording; 2) Janis Joplin at her highest and most intense moments; 3) better than the Mainstream record issued last year. The record is a good representation of Big Brother and the Holding Company, as good as one as could have been expected and as good a one as there ever will be n the liner notes to their album, Ralph Gleason states: "Creedence Clearwater Revival is an excellent example of the Third Generation of San Francisco bands." Really more like Third Level - behind the Airplane, Dead, Quicksilver, Grape and all the others. The only bright spot in the group is John Fogerty, who plays lead guitar and does the vocals. He's a better-than-average singer (really believable in Wilson Pickett's "Ninety-Nine and a Half"), and an interesting guitarist. But there's nothing else here. Jefferson Airplane could be the best rock and roll band in America today. The criteria, to list a few, are that a group be able to provide from within itself enough good original material to sustain a prolonged effort both in performances and on recordings; that a group prove its ability as a professional and capable unit in live performance (not necessarily be able to reproduce a recorded work, but to bring off to general satisfaction a live performance if the group is involved in live performance;) and that a group contain members who are able to sing and play like professional musicians. You have Grace Slick, surely one of the two or three best non-operatic female voices in the world; Jack Cassady, perhaps the strongest bassist around outside of a blues band; Marty Balin and Paul Kantner whose words and melodies are among the best currently available, outside of the obvious exceptions; and Jorma Kaukonen and Spencer Dryden who, while not outstanding instrumental virtuousos (sic), are certainly original and inventive within the context of rock and roll, a wide context indeed. Got it? It isn't very surprising that the Airplane is so good and that they have come up with probably the best, considering all the criteria and the exceptions, rock and roll album so far produced by an American group. Hey all you out there with personal favorites which blow your heads off, listen very closely. Marty and Grace may not make love on stage, either with each other or their respective microphone stands, but "Ballad of You & Me & Pooneil" happens to be a fine song. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. afraid to pick up the phone highlord Zach: (Lars here) I have no interest in having a thick skin , at this point. And, to be very clear: no one is an investor. What you call investors are actually a lot of people getting minis for less than the cost to produce. I am very clear about internet bullies. Not one of the negative poster-Pledgers can pick up the phone. We have the exact same problem of anon people acting out because they purchased $100 of minis for $20 and they want a platform to yell because they have no voice in their real life. This needs to be called for what it is. This forum is not a forum for adults. Kickstarter is flawed. Alexis de Tocqueville said it: moboracy is not democracy. And, the few that wish to spit hate do not reflect the common people that simply wish to have minis that no other company produces. If you are looking for Michelangelo pieces at Thomas Kinkade prices you are a fool. We provide serviceable, hand-sculpted miniatures at stupidly low prices. Minis that, btw, no one in the industry has the intelligence to produce. If you really want a war talk to Reaper. They are behind schedule: where did that $2Million go, btw, and ask them why they have not chosen the same subject matter we have- answer: they are stupid greedy people. You know what is disheartening: base comments from a very few people that are getting something for nothing and who hide behind fake names that, as the encyclopedia supernatural (greenwood press) calls people that read sword and sorcery books, are pretenders to a real and deeper, courageous life. Again: the standard is : <url>"at least I know who that guy is" . No one knows who you are. Hide and spit. that does not make you a strong man, or a valid critic. Hey Sushi! Wow. $15 all in, eh? Pull the one armed bandit. Seems like screaming at the bus stop is the same as being Robert Hughes, or is that an elitist comment? This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. This comment has been removed by Kickstarter. DWM $20 and a mouth. wow. must be the best money you ever spent. <url>’re to help fill the void created by the demise of Cream, they will have to find a producer (and editor) and some material worthy of their collective attention. The whole album is a shuck — despite the murky songtitles and some inane lyrics that sound like Vanilla Fudge paying doggerel tribute to Aleister Crowley, the album has nothing to do with spiritualism, the occult, or anything much except stiff recitations of Cream clichés that sound like the musicians learned them out of a book, grinding on and on with dogged persistence These guys are so French I want to force-feed them and cut out their livers. Young moderns who’ve made the Detroit-Berlin adjustment may find their squelchy synth sounds humanistic; young moderns whose asses sport parallel ports may dance till they crash. But Yank fun is much less spirituel [sic], so that God bless America, ‘One More Time’ is merely an annoying novelty stateside. The way our butts plug in, there are better beats on the damn Jadakiss CD. Radiohead wouldn’t know a tragic hero if they were cramming for their A levels, and their idea of soul is Bono, who they imitate further at the risk of looking even more ridiculous than they already do For those not completely sold on its folk charm, Aeroplane is thin-blooded, woolgathering stuff A throwaway line about how — and we’re paraphrasing here — “focusing on drone and repetition makes the album sound, well, droney and repetitive. ” Well, duh Even if Seventh Tree is sonic dishwater, I’ll give Goldfrapp enough credit to assume that this isn’t change for its own sake, that the motivation for this album’s tone wasn’t simply a fatigued boredom with their old sound. It’s just too bad most listeners won’t be able to say the same about their own reactions to this new one. Lacking any mentionable instrumental proficiency, [Eno] claims he ‘treats’ other musicians’ instruments — though the end product of his efforts would have to be classed as indiscernible… His record is annoying because it doesn’t do anything There are certain records that are so patently offensive that one wishes to take some kind of physical vengeance on the artists that perpetrate them. About Exile on Main Street: Exile On Main Street spends its four sides shading the same song in as many variations as there are Rolling Stone readymades to fill them, and if on the one hand they prove the group’s eternal constancy and appeal, it’s on the other that you can leave the album and still feel vaguely unsatisfied, not quite brought to the peaks that this band of bands has always held out as a special prize in the past… I still think that the great Stones album of their mature period is yet to come. Hopefully, Exile On Main Street will give them the solid footing they need to open up, and with a little horizon-expanding (perhaps honed by two months on the road), they might even deliver it to us the next time around. Not everyone is on comments everyday We have over 90 emails saying they want less Updates, as they clog their inbox. Under this new policy, anyone can go to the adwgames.com site and see updates, and not have to sort through 2,00 comments to see if their questions have been answered. Some sculpt examples, Jen, are on Sea Monsters. And, there is a spreadsheet that has links to 50% of IAM mammal sculpts, so again, we are wasting time with questions that have been answered. And, no the questions are not uncomfortable. I have answered them again and again. Colin: we have had dozens of Pledgers email directly and say the comment board has devolved the communication situation- there is a silent majourity that believes this format is issuing a lot more heat than light. The overwhelming mahourity of the communications we get are from Pledgers who have asked for the adwgames.com update page. We are a democratic Campaign, and we have chosen to listen to that majourity moving forward. As stated 20x or more: everyone has my email. <email> I will answer any question during business hours. Moving forward, no one from ADW will be answering this comment board. Updates will point to the adwgames.com site it is the same net result, just more efficient Some of you have asked for more updates. More of you have asked only for weekly updates. This is the middle path to more updates without people saying "too many updates". We will post a weekly summary on the updates page which refers to the adwgames.com update page. We will not be monitoring the comments page moving forward. Please Note: All progress will be now be posted on <url>"broke" the mold on the broken furniture. To wit: I own every Proxxon tool ever made and planned on building the furniture in hard wax the exact same way I would build miniature wooden furniture. I spoke with a Casteline pro yesterday, and it seems like my plans are right on the money. The process: I will take the hard wax, create boards, in, yes, a pasta roller. Cut said planks on the Proxxon table saw. I would then detail it with a hot wax needle over patterned areas I have stencilled. Some of those pieces I will assemble and some of the those pieces I will "break" and add wood grain and splinters to said breaks. I will heat up the surface of each piece and press a texture mold made from white sculpey, which has been made by pressing the sculpey against a variety of actual weathered wood samples and baking it. I know it sounds simple. It is! But, with this process and that tool set, I can create world-class dungeon furniture, which is really impossible with another medium, other than wax, as far as I can tell. So: happy morning on this side. I did order wax from a new source, as the NYC source has not returned phone calls and has not traced my order. I expect that to be here by Tuesday/Wednesday, after which I will work 6-7 days straight to finish the furniture, the mushrooms and (with help) the majority of the outstanding IAM minis. I know this may sound trivial, but I was worried about the broken furniture. What a load off. Upshot:? We will have world-class furniture and world-class broken furniture in short order, for those of you here that ordered same from Sea Monsters. For those of you with IAM, we have a 10 day schedule to replace the minis handed in that were not up to snuff. As we are a new company, the work will have to speak for itself. We have had a serious event occur that demands that we keep our plans or our talent names as corporate IP: An early "hire" not only stole materials from us, but contacted every one of our professional contacts and employees in an effort to start her own competing business. We will not the same mistake twice. Guido: I think you may have overlooked some of the massive posts on this comment page. We have three part time sculptors. I am one of them. I also am overseeing the project at the moment. My best guess is 1.5 weeks after tools and wax arrive before the rest of the sculpts are done. Our casting pro is also PT/Contractual, he will tell give us a time line once we hand him the sculpts. Had the wax arrived last week, we would have been 80% finished. The final sculpts that were not shown, which were handed in two weeks ago. I am thinking a having the sloth redone, as well. It is a cute animal, but maybe that pose/face was too cute? Zach We could offer exact IRL scale and Adventure scale for the terror birds. I just received a lot of emails re: real-life scale being essential. It does not matter for our museum clients, as there customers are not looking for an exact scale, just something to remind them of the wonder that was mega-fauna Tyler Right now, we are waiting for three sets of tools and we are golen on both KS waiting on two new tools and we are golden for both KS <url>"fixing" sculpts with Casteline. The Casteline has not arrived in the studio. Once it does, we are maybe 40-60 hours away from completion of the sculpts. This has been explained several times. There is only one source for the wax. So, we wait until it arrives and set to work. If you would like to see the 30+ sculpy armatures that are waiting, I can do that. However, everytime I do show a piece that is not finished there is an uproar. And, I would prefer not to show the pieces I rejected from freelancers, because there will be uproar. I called about the wax yesterday and could only leave a message. So the reiterate: 40-60 hours after the wax has been delivered for sculpting fixes. Not a single thing has changed re: to that. If you are looking for sculpy armatures and ugly pieces that require fixing, please get a consensus from the 239 Pledgers that that is what you need to feel comfortable, because I have 30-40 emails saying "don't show works in progress!!!!!" And, they are all very adamant in their statements re: same. Finally, try to email me directly or call me if you are feeling panic, or want to compare my efforts or story to some person unknown to me. I am a responsible professional adult and am happy to communicate in direct, responsible and mature business email or phone call at any regular business hour. Hi Tyler I 100% agree. the freelancers we hired, who handed in wrong scale minis, or failed to hand in minis at all, did defraud us. We are still moving forward with new investment and new talent. Have to be careful out there. 28mm scale (Lars, again) I am only waiting for wax. I will call today to see what the hold-up is. (There is only one source.) Once the wax gets here, the team can "fix" about two a day. (We are all part-time now) So, that really puts us at 10 work days, max? Really? (Lars here) I was told by several people not to post anything other than finished pieces. And, I mean, hysterical emails, that were very earnest in telling me not to post a thing until it was finished. Ten emails like that and I listened. _Lars_ Hey AR Addressed this on the other board. Waiting on wax. After that arrives it is fixing hair, heads, fangs, and feet on most everything. Plus, getting rid of pits and cracks. Only 3-4 need to be rebuilt from ground up. _Lars_ I am also around all day today to answer questions. _Lars_ I am around all day to answer questions, and take suggestions for new freebies on Sea Monster (if we reach the goal- about $500 away). Just comment on either KS and I will be around. what is Hangout? _Lars_ Aard! I will post the "before" photos once I fix the sculpts I should start a blog, or write a book about, how a simple KS goes wrong if you hire the wrong people to help out. I consult with engineering firm as the "day" job and we have all sorts of HR in place. This was a weird experiment. Let my team fix up the awful awful awful Sculpy stuff that was handed in and we can all have a good laugh. I am seriously thinking of having an IAM drinkfest/conference/thinkfest next year as a pressure relief. _Lars_ Oddly Aphex Twin (Richard James) is looking like me recently. I might need a break around Thanksgiving: <url>"fix this" when the initial team turned out to be not great. So, I am here. Oddly, Dina remains super committed to the Doggerland story and characters. I am happy to assist and make it happen. As mentioned, I have a weird commitment to sculpting Dark Sun beings. I just need Hasbro to sign off so I can show them without a law suit. LOL! (Lars) you can not believe how bad they are. Once we start fixing them, I will post "before/after". I am afraid if I just post " before", it would start a riot. It almost did when Dina realised that one of her team had paid these "artists" upfront (before the end of this KS. Just crazy stuff. No worries. My team will fix it and move forward. _Lars_ Mini-update. The basic scale of the minis handed in a few days back were correct. The details and finishing was awful. So: we save time. I will be Dremeling down the base sculpts and using the Sculpy figures as armature for the Castilene detail level. This is what we initially thought we would have to do, once I came on board to salvage the project from the perils previously detailed. The level of detail required is a bit more than expected, but we are not in need of starting from zero. I will also be overseeing the freebies being gifted at the Sea Monster KS. And, then, with a little luck and a lot of hard work, we will be going full steam around the Holidays with the various mythological creatures, which will be a mix of CAD and hand sculpted. Since I will have the 3D printer at the office in a few weeks, and time in November, I am going to look at CADing the 15mm Doggerland pieces and looking into a 28mm version of the Fortress of Apples that was abandoned by the sculptor who signed on board never handed anything in. _Lars_ While we wait for our Castilene to arrive, here is, thankfully, a creature we did not promise to cast: <url>"played" by a few "artists". We regrouped, re-sourced, hired anew and will deliver in spite of the poor hiring/contract choices. We are not all psychics. We provided a vision and contracts for payment and several "artists" did not provide what they were contracted to provide. So, we moved forward, We got new investment and we will deliver. Once the materials are in the office, I will have a solid handle on delivery dates, but I expect to be on schedule for September. 3. The cost produce has jumped to double the KS Campaign rise because of the factors discussed above. As such, everyone working on this project are also working other jobs. This is an ugly reality. A few fake "artists" can take a company down, even if you have casting equipment. Luckily, and with immense effort, we have raised the monies that were lost to those "(con)artists" and will move forward. Not crying in our milk. We got had and we chose to move forward anyway, because it is the moral thing to do, and we like our pipeline of minis. 4. I appreciate your POV on this one. I think we are completely open to discussing what happened and what we did to avoid disaster- if for no other reason than to provide insight into future KS efforts- but I fear this is not the proper forum for that discussion. That being said: I am giving away minis on Sea Monster. We have the funding. We have the equipment. We have a new production pipeline. My job is to oversee design/production/delivery and see that we have goodwill. Quick survey: with our casting pro on-hand now, we have been asked the question: why not tin alloy for the basic eight + the birds? Thoughts? _Lars_ I can try to stop by every day, if you like. The Sea Monster KS did not do well. Agreed. I had been promised sculpts to support that one, but, as mentioned, there were issues in our trusting/naive HR approach, and I believe we have sorted out those matters now. _Lars_ I think you misread me, Stuart I am not upset in the least. We stumbled with some early hires that did not work out. We solved the problem with a new approach and new hires. We are waiting for supplies to arrive and people to get into place. _Lars_ we have hired freelancers to pick up the slack from previous sub-standard freelance deliveries. Thus the 40-60 hour number. That is not the estimate for a single sculptor. Lars- While there have been personnel changes for ADW, the Art Direction for the company remains the same, So, again, no need to panic on that front. We are committed to the production of a quality product. Hello All Lars here. While we will not be posting daily updates, this is in no way an indication that we are not working towards the completion of the project as previously outlined. As we remain within the estimated delivery timeframe, and have overcome some staffing issues with equanimity, there is no need for internet panic to set in. I would expect this type of chatter if it was mid-October, and there was no word from our side, but this is the beginning of the month for planned delivery. Rest assured, we will be delivering. Thank you. _Lars_ all of the sea monsters will be above water, and the large beasts will include a giant sea iguana. we can look at that in a few weeks. Monday we sand and finish the models in NYC and submit the new KS _Lars_ forgot to preface that with _Lars_ Hey AR At the moment I am strugling with sync flash on my Canon. Going to retire until the morning and drive back to photograph these minis with a constant (continuous?) light box. Hate when the pros are on vaca.... I will send you a list of everything being offered in the new KS by Sunday. -Lars Good morning everyone. I am going into the Office late this afternoon and I will learning to set up a new Arri light kit. Assuming I figure everything out, I may get some decent professional photos up this evening. That being said, I am not a studio photographer, so I would safely say that you can expect your photos of the next 7-8 sculpts tomorrow morning. With the remaining sculpts by the end of next week. On other news: our casting professional starts on the 7th of September. He has 20 years experience and is working with us on a part-time bassi. The estimate for completing your orders/rewards is about 40-60 hours. Mainly due to the few big pieces that will not be cast in the centrifugal caster. So: we still employ two other sculptors other than myself, and we need to provide work to our new casting pro, so this leads us to another KS to get us through to 2015 without any downtime. That KS will be up next week and it is called "Sea Monsters, Terrain and BIg Beasts". A lot of ala carte selections and huge discounts. For those of you who want more Ice Age Mammals, but did not Pledge enough, we will offer Ice Age Mammals at the same price as the Mammals here, as add-ons. This is a huge saving, actually, as some of the minis will be $40-50 retail, rather than the expected $15-20. AR_ since we have so many categories and items for the new KS, we may ask for help on the Pledge Chart. We can arrange a work-for-minis program for you, if you like. Thanks Abba. Much appreciated. We are shooting for Friday afternoon for a a huge # of master models and the following Friday for the rest. - From Lars Hi AR We are breaking up the final photos. One this week and one next week. We currently have sculptors in Austin, San Diego and NYC. One is on vacation. We are looking to have are completed models FedEx'd to the main office by the end of next week. We will photograph what is here in the meantime. done. from now on: -Lars Not many of outside of Dina are social media-friendly. Luddite/Artists for the most part. @Lars ( is this the correct sign-in? Twitter-esque?) I will look into this. Seems like a solid idea. As mentioned, Dina runs her own business and is going to launch an industrial design KS in the Fall. I am working on wierd Dark Sun fine art sculpts and trying to manage the sculptors on this project (when they are not on summer vacation). I am able to throw together 3-5 sculpts a week for this KS, plus I am doing speed sculpts for sea monster and misc. dungeon items. A lot of tests for the next KS, really. End of summer potboiler to make up for the poor Band of Gnomes showing- which in all honesty was a mixture of 1) bad idea on new rules. It should have been all Pathfinder. No one wants new rules. and 2) gnomes need to be designed in Blender and printed on 3D wax printers. Hand-crafting Gnomes is madness. Hi Tyler The Survey is it. If we had over 1,000 Pledgers, we might need a Pledge Management system. With 239, not so much. Plus, I (Lars) and running fulfillment, so you can always email me at <email> I (mostly) answer within 24 hours. The Sea Bishop (1532) mini will be ready tomorrow. 20' tall. Good creepy thing for pirate adventures. We believe that he spits blood, water and acid. And can capsize small boats. But, those are our rules/backstory. Good One William! I can not say that anyone on the team researched the nesting habits of these birds. Of interest: we will be posting a LOT of updates over the next 5-7 days. Consolidated. Mainly big posts and not a lot of little ones. As we start to wrap up the sculpts for this KS, we are looking at feedback from the community on what they want to see next. And, overwhlemingly, the answer has been dungeon and cavern accessories- temples, body parts, spell walls, odd mini tornadoes and water spouts, fungus/mushrooms, bones. If anyone has any input on this, let me know. We would like to keep our sculptors employed and we want them to sculpt things that people want. (Though to be fair, Lars is cranking a massive Dark Sun sculpt series that is looking amazing, and Eric is doing a crazy history of artillery in wax. Prob. never sell, but solid efforts.) We are wrapping up 80% of the sculpts this week, DWM, which puts us about three weeks ahead of schedle. (this is Lars) we are revamping the site next week to include some e-commerce. the minis will also be broken down into "Hand-sculpted" and "3D-Sculpted". (Our Gnomes will be 3D sculpted and 3D wax printed, then cast in tin alloy.) We are also starting wax sculpting and wax printing over the next few weeks, and Dina is looking to do a KS Campaign that is in her design wheelhouse, and not just acting as team leader for a group of crazy artists and writers. Hi William I will ask the creative team to start posting images on ADWGAMES.com. They have been so busy that it must have fallen by the wayside. A comment UPDATE: 7 sculpts are in line for final detailing at the moment. I expect 5-7 to be out and photographed, with rulers, by Sunday/Monday. Since we are ahead of schedule, we will be starting the Black Dog Collection on Monday afternoon. Evergreen financed this KS and is the parent company of ADWGames. Hi Scott It looks like we will be moving forward with Castiline moving forward. There is no issue with it being too delicate. And, our sculptors have been experiencing some adverse health issues due to the polymer route. <url>| I will try to crack the whip and see what happens... <url>"as well" :0 Hi Guys/Gals Photos are coming in a few hours. The studies went through a few iterations, but we have the dynamic poses we were looking for with two new sculptors. 80% will be completed by next week. And, we will have a preview of Sea Monsters available, next week, ass well. Of particular interest, we discovered a handful of phantom cat legends in the U.K. and thought "why not?". We will offer a phantom cat set, with history, next week, as well. More sculptors on the team mean more minis, all around. :) Hi! Lars will be answering your questions shortly. The email address to send us the info is <email> Yes, 125.00 set "all" would work. Yes do supply your T-shirt size. Also please provide a good email address which we would need for shipping/tracking info. <url>". Best not to fret too much. These guys should work fine with you current set-up The add-ons available at adwgames.com will be up and running this weekend. Along with a comprehensive list of new animal minis and box one of mythical creatures. We hired a new sculptor for Gnomes, so we can stay ahead of schedule. Will do on the start time thanks Jackalope? I think you can find one at Stuckeys or Flying J, next to the Talking Fish Thank you everyone for making this a successful campaign! Please send emails to <email> in which you will be included in news and updates. thanks you everyone! we have a lot more to create together! do not forget to vist adwgames.com and send an email for your 2014 discounts! ack! countdown! RMK I think sending them out as the are produced makes the most sense. That way we start fulfilling a little over a month ahead of schedule. And, good word of mouth makes the company rock! So: Mammoth. We did not reach that goal. Well...I will have one made and offered later in July to this KS team at cost. you may be surprised. our lead writer could very well pick up and throw a few of our artists. there are so few people on this KS, we can personalise your bases. attached or non-attached, round or square, we will make it work for you our crew has been to game and comic conventions we will offer tshirts from petite male to QuadXL 80-90% stand without a base. again, I think the correct way forward is different poses. 1 with a dynamic pose that requires a base and 1 that does not I think the cave bear and the short faced bear are different sculpts. you will be able to choose. the plan the is to have a few poses for each mini that is best for the company in the long run, and good for our 236 pledgers. if there are multiple poses, we will ask each and every one of you which you prefer before we ship Well, the goal moving forward is to get the basic 8 out asap and then the rest out hot on heels. We are waiting for an electrical permit, but nothing stops the sculpts. And, we want everyone to promote adwgames.com when they are happy. And, it is my life mission to make certain our friends from this KS are happy with what they get. Good Morning Everyone. I see Lars offered some more things? Can you send me a chart A-R? I need to put both sculptors on this immediately. No weekends for the next 4 weeks. :) I am (OK, Lars, her) going to sleep 135am but LL, we have crazy terrain built for Band of Gnomes. You ahve no idea. Everything is new. A lot of thought and imagination. sign up for the newsletter at adw or the discount and I will sen you photos as we go along. almost at the biggset mammal! so close a whole new world from Lars: sorry was supposed to say "from Lars" after each post we will update weekly on sculpts WIP/Greens that is only fair, right? Lars: yeah, and I have longish lond hair (bit brown eyes) I listen to Opeth if it makes a difference ( but I a lot of late 60 stuff more. different topic.must be gettting sleepy.) anon? lol! my name is Lars and my last name is one of the doggerland family names. I am the Scandinavian that elected to stay up until dawn (sans dance music or extra party favours). I just like to sculpt historic minis. No one else is doing that. And, the world folklore catalog is huge. We have about 2500 pages of concept art in the office from our carzy team. I am not sure how much I can reveal...Big catalog of stuff and a lot of "offical" realationships...I am personally interested in trying the casting equipment. I really want to cast a Draugen. Colin God. Crypto, eh? been a while since that maudlin xfiles. I think we can do better than that. ForteanTimes for a start. Crypto box 1 &2 have 10 minis each. available July 17. (We need to finish our responsibiliies here don't we?) LOL! Our writer posted a video. ****. I had no idea! Thank A-R. when I wake up in the afternoon I will have a nice thing to say to him. Good guy. stupid voice. no where near 22 but you WILL get mastodon at 22, yes because i have scuplted about 7 poses and I love all Elephant-type beings Mastodon? It is sculpted already. We ran him through the test resin spin cast. First time had some bubbles but we fixed that, well because we love to fix problems. (some of us are programmers, some of us are sculptors) Can I add the mastodon? command decision.. sure! 22K$ i will sculpt it and pay for it. info or <email> gets you 20% discount throughout 2014 on every mini except Band of Gnomes 22K stretch goal we all go to Montreal for thier Comic Con where our 2D artists will be. And we talk about what we want to cast next. and you can see the facility. we do not pay for lodging, flight or entertainment Mokele-mbembe is a Sea Monster Hold your breath look... we do animlas cryptozoology will be here in July?august because we have 3 guys ( and a lady) that love that sort of thing Dinosaurs? at this point, I think we are required, aren't we? <url>"seem" free but we have a lot of product coming out this summer. We are just trying to get the word out and get you hooked! From the Artists: Right On! Lost Worlds! Realm MK we are about (no promises, jsut a reoprt from the field) a month ahead of schedule for production. We have a new location which requires some new ventilation and electrical, but we are solid on this one. Right in the sweet spot for production levels. Really not a lot for our team to accomplish. We only ask for good effort on our part to be returned with good word of mouth. Our customers are fiends and we aim to entertain. there have been a lot of charts made by Pledgers. best to check on what has been done by looking through the comments. Our east coast team has been gone for an hour, now. Gigantopithecus must be just under 60mm. Please do not run a King Kong or Mighty Joe Young Campaign. Ack! Honestly: Irish Elk and Gigantopithecus should be dream goals, because they are amazing creatures. Just incredible. I will leave it at that, but this crew can probably sense how strong and deep these creatures must have been. Symbols of honour. Of kingdoms. Of loyalty. Of hope. And, yes, we will have the White Stag and the Spirit Bear available next month. That's just how we roll. (Roll, in this instance, being a reference to gaming...) yes yes... we were trying to save some ice age mammals for retail boxes. we have lots more. this has been an odd 40+ year project for one of our designers. And, our brilliant illustrator has gone overboard obessive with his gifts of reimagining them all. so: there are a few more to unlock. and we have so much more coming up in July. Extinct animals. Sea monsters. Mythological creatures. And, of course, Band of Gnomes and their insane terrain. Just do not forget to sign up for our forum when it is up and running. There is a lot more for the RATPACK coming up! Hi Amanda That is one of the 80+ creatures in the multi-box collection! Good Mind's Eye/Research! Next KS is already outlined, based on our learning from this one. And, we have a person devoted to charts, one devoted to game questions, and lots more videos. Done, Elye. On it, Elye! sys damin...I am sure he reads that "sys the man", rather than "sys damn".... obivously, we spilt the difference. We meant Sys Admin. Coder in the Cage. Looking after your cookies and server side variables. At any rate: there will be a system in place for Ice Age Pledgers and discounts... We are talking to the sys damin now about the coupon system for KS Pledgers on this Campaign. Early ICE AGERS will not be paying retail for additional ICE AGE minis. RATPACK!!! Gigantopithecus. Yup. Cool. With some Naga from the Mythological Collection coming in late July. Or a Condor that carries messages to his Yeti brother? I do not mean to stir the pot (well, yes, I do mean to stir the pot), but if Elk is unlocked, we are moving straight to Gigantopithecus. Which will be a $15 add-on at our site post-KS. Artists are sketching dynamic rat poses, and a second sloth pose. We will give you choices on poses, as we will be selling multiple poses of each as we move forward post-KS. yes. it actually includes 4 of each of the epic. So, there will be a need for an extra storage box. I wish we were selling paint..... From the Artists: We are thinking of Krampus Dwarf with a sliegh drawn by seven giant rats as a seasonal gift for our KS backers. given the schedule: think Halloween? Thoughts? OK John is getting two rats. That just made the team LAUGH! Make it a meme on the Onion of Buzzfeed and everyone gets two rats. LOL! Ice Age Ks'rs = the Rat Pack (thanks to OO) But! When everyone gets start getting minis, we would like good reviews. Are we "giving things away"? No we are earning an audience. Thanks, again!! That means everyone gets a rat (period). No tricks or traps. The Giant Bison is the symbol of one of the Greenstone Families in the "serious" Doggerland story, so we will most certainly be offering a three pak of G.Bison in the near future, all in dynamic poses. @Jan-Philipp please read the new update.. Oldest One has Ratted everyone out. We hit $15K and every gets that rat. I think we should brand him with a "DoubleO" on the hind quarters. yeah Irish Elk is the Big Boy citing WIki: The Irish Elk stood about 2.1 metres (6.9 ft) tall at the shoulders carrying the largest antlers of any known cervid (a maximum of 3.65 m (12.0 ft) from tip to tip and weighing up to 40 kg (88 lb)). Add-on 6 of those to a tabletop game, throw in a few magician/beserkers, two sabertooths and handful of rowdy dwarves and that is a party. Bring on the Tiamat now! <url>"everybody gets" minis 2. a sloth 3. the terror birds (obviously) and one mini of the basic set that is your choice. So: amazing deal. Tell 500 friends! Thanks Zach the actual money goes to the artists and the casting the company is paying for offices, shipping, next minis, et.al. but, you can REALLY help by telling the world that you like the minis once you get them that is the best way to make it happen in the long term John: bear and hyena, yes. "unlocked" means a mini can be purchased as an add-on "everyone gets" means it is a freebie for everyone once the mini has been unlocked there was a "too good to be true" D is losing $ post.. 1. we are casting ourselves 2. the company is a funded company without KS 3. we are ahead of schedule on delivery 4. we did plan for this to be a loss-leader to drum up awareness for our Doggerland skirmish game relaunch, which is now the Band of Gnomes skirmish game. (set in our version of the Doggerland world) 5. as 2), above, is in place, 4) moves forward without effecting our ability to deliver, as per 1) bear and hyena are add-ons Hi A_R No art updates are scheduled at the moment, since we are running spin cast tests over the course of the week. Re: Add-ons We never established a minimum Pledge for someone to be able to add-on additional unlocked mini(s). So, the base minimum Pledger can add-on minis as they unlock. To clarify once more: 1. when a stretch goal says "everyone gets", then everyone gets that mini, without additional $ 2. all of the unlocked terror birds are free to everyone 3. $125 Pledge get two, each, of the epic unlocks 4. the add-on list has been updated Amazing Amanda. :0 Can not wait to see the play list for Sea Monsters and/or Band of Gnomes. who sculpts your giants? That is of interest….(thinking) the other two stretch goals were not listed yet, as we are no where near the $15K plus to unlock We will be providing a list of of available Ice Age Mammals being sculpted and cast in July by ADWGmes on June 25, 2014. These will be avilable ala carte and in boxed sets. Individual pieces will range from 10-25$. In all events, the prices on this KS will be less than the future retail, but the selection will be provide about 10-15 more animals. A list of mythologival creatures and sea monsters will be avilable the second week of July 2014. As well as a list of gnomes and gnomish terrain that will be included in the July KS for Band of Gnomes. Epic goals unless it says "everyone" sorry.... we will reach $15,500? Then you will be lucky! To apply, though, they need to be unlocked yes. that is now on the front page, Al Hey John H.. all minis below the sloth are Epic stretch Goals add-on chart updated! $10 for Cave Lion $8 away from the hyena Darksteed they will be both. Thanks Al Done. Best Dina Getting close. The Epic Level refers to Stretch Goals, which are marked "Epic" on the main KS page. It is not the name of a Pledge Level. So, the $125 Pledge allows for the Epic Stretch Goals, which are unlocked, to be free to $125 Pledge Level people. And, as mentioned, that $125 Level allows, now, for double free Epic Unlocked minis. Hope that helps! 125$ gets the Epic Stretch goals that start with the Sloth. And, we announced late last week, that if you get Epic goals with your Pledge level, NOW you will get two of each. Our Epic goal is to make everyone super happy and go on every miniature board on the web expressing that happiness. How? Early fulfillment. Super in-house quality control. Amazing KS value for Pledgers. We have to keep the engine running and everyone very pleased for our next go-round! This is definately shaping up to be the Summer of Doggerland. goals..lol.. I type too fast and there is no way to edit. :) The Bear, Hyeana, sloth and simurgh add-ons updated and the top two stretch golas have been lowered. Sea Monsters will be coming out all next month on the adwgames.com site ala carte, and two boxed sets looks like our next KS is Band of Gnomes, for which our Rabbit Gnome was a preview. rules by Andrea Sfiliigoi. A non-lethal skirmish game full of tricks, traps, speedy decisions and illusion, with a LOT of odd terrain, freaky 3D spell markers and rules to us your Ice Age Mammals. Gnomes are part of the Greenstone armies, for certain, but they also have a completely different life in the deep forests and mountain cities. This will be a game unlike any other. Still in the Doggerland world, though. Just occupying a niche that no one else has explored. Getting close the Sloth. You know Sloth wants to be born when the sculptors are sending me emails at all hours asking if he is ready yet. 4 days to Sloth. And, money aside, I wanted the Simurgh. An amazing mythical animal that gets no press, at all. Hey Peter Sure does. Tell 400 friends! Hi Grant Correct. Epic unlocked, not standard unlocked. HT: moving forward we will take photos with rulers Right now we are focused on cranking ot the last few minis, so think Monday... we appreciate everyone. and we know the economics of spin casting we will make everyone very happy because that is the right thing to do, we do not gamble and we have no excuses, this is super simple. and we love big extinct animals. the Simorḡ is a compassionate version of who we all hope we can be, and who can protect us, all of us. The bird that can relive our pain and tell us that we are stronger than we thought. She is "hope". <url>ḡ is frequently mentioned, particularly as a metaphor for God in Sufi mysticism. We have spent time with birds that have been injured, because we have professional careers that allow us that luxury, and I will tell you right now: birds are amazing. If God/Goddess is a bird, we can expect a decent life and hereafter. the Simurgh, Goddes Bless Her is the benevolent, mythical flying creature. We are going to break open a whole other level of respect and creativity with this one. our team is excited to break that one open. the last weekend! <url>"business sabotage" tactics affect... H** Yes, that Bear belongs to everyone. wow! good job! we will supply! public apologies to everyone who has not sent very bad emails to us. We are clear on a try simple goal: lots of extinct animal minis for fun. we honestly thought the flame emails were something from the 90s. Had no idea that people still wanted to push hate as a business model. We are here to entertain. We have the team. We have the equipment. Tell us to provide , and we we will. Allan Love you, Bro This whole thing is about a few simple exticnt minis. Then a big guy starts hate anti-lady talk. Is the entire mini world about I-Hate-Girls-Who-Have-Imagination? We are her to entertian. We are her to make ceratin your figures are not lead. bte. we answer our phone. Creaper does not.... Thank you Erika We are serious about a very simple thing And, we are welcome to speak to everyone that wants to be on a srious podcast. no need to hide in the basement in this day and age.... no confusion we are available via phone to talk any time the cheaper mini team has been sending emails unsafe for 13+ to us for a while. if you would lice a phone call, and I know you are in the mini biz, send a MSG and we will set up a call tomorrow yups, " make" in hapen, not "male" it ahppen..... We have had few anti-woman and a few doubting-you-can't-spincast posts and emails. In response: anyone who wants to talk, we we will talk to, and post the conversation. A little less hate talk and a little more real talk. We are available. Send an email, a # an avilable time and we will male happen. No excuses. We will do everyone 2 better If you are eligable for EPIC stretch unlocks, we we give you double your normal unlocks just because your are not a Creaper. Thanks for all that hate talk big guys. Makes us try so much harder; <url>"concerns" on Saturday. We are pretty certain a troll is a troll, and will not respond. This is a 90s tactic that is beneath everyone, isn't it? Companies who can not deliver Love to undermine companies who can... The below was a response from the entire Doggerland team. Thanks for the support and thanks for those who are not troll flamers. This is a very simple KS. So sorry we frightened some of the big guys with big mailing lists and poor lead minis. So sorry they need Sable as thier beard. We are here to clean up the trash talk and poor product and stop the continued 1/2 violent talk/lies and bring exceptional, high-quality product to the market. everyone gets a lion Hi Sable Fox You are totally and complety wrong I know you are a from the CReaper Mini Forum. The same forum that posted from both Owner/brothers Misogynist posts because they are worried about their late delivery on the millions they raised and the fact they sell lead figures, neither of which is ethical or worthy of a KS Campaign. So: you have trouble with the most simple of stretch goals now? Nothing was ever "converted" Every goal is as it always has been. Did they teach you to lie about their delays? (Please read our FAQs) Please withdrawl your pledge if your purpose is to confound and confuse. We are a serious company with the ability to achieve what your other forum memberrs can not. You must not be able to read the simple rules: everyone (because everyone who loves extinct mammals and birds) is a pledger gets the free stretch goals + the the terror birds. I think you should disclose idf you are being paid to be stupid by the Creaper Mini people? We have already had the anti-woman posts submitted to the AG. Are you here to kick women for Bones? This is getting stupid at this point..We get it: Bones don't want womenfolk in the miniworld. Nice. This is a very simple KS. We are sculpting 8 minis. We are giving away Terror Birds, as we go along. No one else is doing this because everyone else is very , very cheap, and has no fulltime sculptors, AND your friends are using lead/ poison for thier minis. And, no other mini K, with an excuse, has the spin casting team to pull it off. Do the math. This KS makes no money. We provide something decent to a very small community. then we move on to bigger projects. Flames, in the name of the Creaper, are in no way going to stop us from providing very simple goals: high quality minis of extinct animals. Why are you so afraid? did the Pukes get to you with their hate posts? We have 40 years more exprience then they do. Hang out wiht somone how wants to cast another skull necklace. Your post has actually gotten to the point wher you are a troll. As said in Idny 3: choose wisely. well..the sloth is Epic , as well. that is correct everything after the sloth is EPIC! Lions are unlocked. <url>"clap for tinkerbell!") and we have a new community of super kind and super bright people that are a little tired of the same old tropes. Your support means everything to us and we appreciate the kind words. Makes us work harder every day. "Don't fear the Reaper!" Thanks OO almost two weeks to go and the stretch goals will be kicking in shortly 5,500 and everyone gets two free Terror Bird minis. Which places our offer at $15 for three very unqiue sculpts. I think it will happen. Hi Marina! Assuming this KS goes well, Sea Monster!! will be out as a KS next month. It is a Doggerland game. Set it the Doggerland world. There will be an art book, the board game and a set of miniatures. Again, 90% historical and 10% fantasy. Thank you for your support!! Keep spreading the word!! Thanks Grant the big issue is getting the Dinohyus to be realistic and worthy of the name Terrible Pig getting that right will go a long way. people seem to want a big terrible pig beast in their fantasy worlds. so, we will give them what they have requested. Thanks Alexander $1000 away from Free Terror Bird #2!! We are sculpting the Dinohyus now, but Terror Bird 2 will be next if that goal is hit. We are planning for a new add-on next week, to makr the halfway point. The Irish Elk. Kind of a "wow" piece. when a figure is unlocked, we will make it an add-on Thanks Sable + LJ we just submitted as an advertiser at TMP and we read the posts at TMP re: this project and we are learning the Dinohyus, which is being sculpted now, is an angry, realistic terrible pig with a very dynamic pose stay tuned we will contact them next week about advertising! no, never hard plastic this is resin and this is 28mm, as per the desciption in the KS text the cave lion is already next to a ruler, and the image of the Bull Terror Bird is next to a 28mm figure + there is a size chart on the KS, as well we can add the sloth. Sea monsters wait until next month. Hi Sable The Simurgh is part of the Terror Bird Offering we relased after reaching our 50% mark. But, of course, the Simurgh is benevolent. If we hit $11.5K every one who has pledged gets one. Thanks OO Trying to streamline. And, of interest, we are starting the Deo sculpt this afternoon. Then the Dinohyus on Friday, just in time for the weekend. Hi Marina They are all up, along with new photos of the amazing Bullockornis sculpt. Tell your friends. This little teror is free to all Pledgers, no matter what level. :) the "Unknown Mini" now we are really dated...and, I guess, new again we are cleaning up the KS site tomorrow, to make everything more clear. Might have time for a new vid. Boxesa re important to us. We grew up in the 70s, before Star Wars figures were supposed to be kept pristine, but we apprecaite it when boxes are kept in very good condition. Our artists do work hard on making an emotional, intellectual and design connection to our content and brand, so we will not be shipping in brown papper boxes. We are looking at budget now. We will have designed boxes for the Ice Age and the Terror Bird collection. That will come after we hit our goal, but we are using the same designer as our cards, which can be seen on the "Products" page of the adwgames.com site. We can do this without losing money. That is the key issue. Profit can wait until next time. After you are in love with the quality. 28mm in a 15mm Doggerland game would certainly be Mega-Mega fauna.. something to think about We are ahead of schedule on sculpting, which means we are about 6 weeks ahead of our original schedule for production and delivery. No promises, but that is where we are at the moment. Shipping is usually covered. WIth the additional figures going out, the only concern is the printing of new boxes. If we unlock all of the terror birds, we will essentially be producing a completely new set of minis- 4 historic Terror Birds and one mythical bird. That is a nice set, in and of itself. I think are clear goal here is to exceed expectations on this first KS. We have a lot of very cool ideas for the 2nd round, and once everyone loves our product, it will all equal out for the ADW crew. And, do not forget, we have a graphic novel and two skirmish games coming out this Fall. So- the "win" here is to make everyone happy and provide crazy interesting stuff that fits into the Doggerland world and is not avilable elsewhere. Thank you for your feedback, HRH Mo. We do appreciate it. We are learning from all of the generous and patient feedback :) We have made an Update regarding more Terror Birds and one mythical bird. None of which I believe are in production anywhere else at the moment... plus, these will be free as we go along. I am putting an Add-on for the Duck now :) That is kind SableFox! The dynamically posed Terror Bird is being posted this afternoon. It is the same one that is free to every pledger. Thanks HRH Mo! If we hit $4,500 this week, we are planning onunlocking minis for Add-ons, and adding to the Base set that everyone gets. Everything helps at this point and we want to share the love. Add ons coming either tonight or tomorrow morning. We are trying to determine what the production scedule is for the 25+ Ice Age Minis that are extras. Plus: someone mentioned wanting dinos? Hello All: Please read the most recent update. In appreciation for reaching the 50% funding mark, we are giving away Bullockornis models to everyone (assuming we are successful). Thanks to everyone. Best Dina I think the Dinohyus is a good one, since it is large enough to be altered for a WH game or used as a transport for goblins, if it is a majour adversary. After that, we will need to fix the initial impression of that 3D-rendered sabertooth, and replace it with something very natural and dynamic. Then the hand-sculpted Deo. Hi Guys Thank you for the support. We will be uploading a sculpt of the Demon Duck Stretch Goal tomorrow or tiesday, then going to the Dinohyus, from the basic set. from this moment forward we are only creating hand-sculpted miniatures. no 3D modeling. Old school. If you like the miniatures, please share them with everyone you know, so the KS is successful! We have the Sea Monster!! game starting up next month and the comics start shipping in September. We certainly have a lot to share with you over the next few years. And, as always, thanks for the kind words, Marina. We aim to inspire, please and entertain. I think the hand-sculpts are the way we are going. The 3D sculpts were for initial references, and, I completely agree, they are not natural or dynamic enough as they are. Our hand-sculptor has an MFA and has made a very rapid, and amazing, transition from fine art to applied miniature wargaming sculpture. The pre-Milliput Cave Lion is a fine piece of work. If we continue to hear that the hand-sculpt is preferred, we will deliver hand-sculpts for every miniature on the basic list and for every stretch goal. Thank you for your support, Jonas! Of interest: previews from our interviews with different game designers are available here: <url>"build your own boxed set" It is $10 more to cover printing a different box, ordering different qualities, and sorting once they arrive from the casting company, et.al. But, if we hit the stretch goals, you are well below $10 a mini, and these are BIG minis (as the size chart can attest). Thanks for the suggestion. Some pledge levels allow for multiples. They can all be the same mini. For instance, at $60, you can choose 4 Mini-Mammoths and a Smilodon, if that suits your needs. Would you like a pledge level that allows for, say an assortment of 8 + the stretch goals? I can do that, if you like. LOL! We have dinos coming up after a fair amount of mammals and reptiles. Let's see what happens if we get to 500% of our goal. I am fairly certain a new mini shelf will be in order. :) LOL! Dynohus. That is the work of Noumier Tawilah, our genius graphic novelist/comic illustrator, and all-around-great-guy. All of these characters appear in the Doggerland comic book this Fall, btw. And, believe me, there are a lot more animals waiting for the post-$35K stretch. There was no lack of diversity in the pre-historic age. Thanks for starting the potboiler, Alexander! We met with the new (award-winning) rules designer yesterday, and looks like we will have over 100 new - and very unique- miniatures finished by the Fall, both in 28mm and 15mm. I think we are splitting the difference, so everyone can either play our game, or use our minis. The first Podcast with our game designer is up tomorrow. And, we will continue to update this site with mini progress and new art, as the KS Campaign rolls along. Spread the news! :)