Completely fair, I'll post a real update as soon as I can. In summary I've been redoing a lot of the art work and throwing in a lot ( probably too many seeing as how long it's taking :/ ) features such as more abilities and rare level "occurrences" such as special vendors or places to upgrade items. Implementing these cross platform has been a huge headache and I'm really sorry for the delay but I promise it will be worth it. I still have a lot to finish before the beta :/ I'm aiming for another two or three months <url>"better" gun due to the random generation, I'm going to make sure the kickstarter weapons are unlike anything else :) @Yury I could always see what works out, glad to hear someones actually reading the dev log, the last week has been so hectic I've hardly had time to to even work on the game! @ Frogdice Hah not really, the 48 hour mark seems to be doing that for me. I'm just content that I've made my goal. @ Style over Substance Wow, that would have been awesome a few weeks ago! Would have been a lot cooler than stickers, oh well :P Yes, or at least making it an option change them because personally I like them too and they run insanely well on mobile :) Their houses* This isn't the first mistake, my grammar seems to just plummet on these comments, sorry! Yes there will be NPCs. The game will have quests which you would get from interacting with the characters. I think I've mentioned this but the story is actually the least fleshed out aspect of the game. I'm hoping that backers like you will be interested in helping it develop further once the forums are up, even suggestions or votes on characters there houses and the quests involved with them :) @Chris Can do :) @FrogDice A little over a week after the campaign started, It seemed like it helped. @Joshua Yeah the ability is pretty insane, also your energy seems to never run out! This is because in the final game your abilities strength effects and regen are all going to depend on what moon piece your using. I didn't really have enough time or feed back to balance it so I figured it was better to overpower it in the demo than make it useless :P @Frogdice Even though my demo was rushed and is missing a ton, I think it's a good idea to give people a sense of what you're trying to do. I hadn't noticed, I'll check it out :) Hm that's odd, but the demo actually isn't set up for pads, I've already redone the whole input system to so I don't think you should have a problem in the next build, in the mean time I guess just stick with the keyboard :/ @Krister I really want to add stretch goals, and I think I've talked to a few backers about this, but my only issue is that since I'm doing this solo anything new would really just would require more time, not money, so I don't want to lie and say I'll do something when I could've done it the whole time! That's not to say more money won't hurt! The more funds I get the less time I can spend reinventing the wheel and more time I can spend making the game better! But like I said I don't want to rule anything out just because we didn't make a certain goal :) Yes you get everything in the $13, sorry it's not that clear, It's my fault for adding tiers and rewards after the launch but every tier includes all that's below them as well. Thanks for the pledge! @ John, that was actually already in there but I went back and tested it out some more and your right, it's hardly noticeable! I just tweaked the value a bit so tapping is much more of a short hop now. Thanks! And again, because I can't say this enough, I'm so grateful for the support, very excited to see what the week brings. WOWW! This is fantastic! sooo happy :D Thank you thank you thank you! @Krister thank's for that extra $1 I think 5999 would have killed me! Thanks! I actually just added an exclusive gun to that tier :) Hey Matt, You're actually the first person to notice this! Well, first to report it, I'm aware of a lot of spelling and grammar errors, my girlfriend has actually been harassing me about them for a while :P. I'm just waiting a bit since I have to go through all the code and spell check hundreds of different words and prompts :( Thanks for the heads up, I'll update it as soon as I can. @Shawn, that does sound awesome, I've been toying with an arena mode, just the concept of it though, I have to see how far I get in the development, especially with such a short deadline, but if I have extra time all try adding larger concepts like those. Just don't want to bite off more than I can chew! I've seen a lot of projects fail because they were unrealistic with their game plans. Yeah I'm actually working on hot keys right now, I'm messing around with the entire control scheme now that I have controllers working. In the demo that's out you can still sort through them by value, type, and element with "Q". I've also been hearing request for marking favorites so I'll try and add that as well. I would have to rewrite the menu entirely to make it go horizontally as well, I also feel that might get a bit complicated on phones :/ I can try and make groupings more distinguishable depending on how they are sorted instead of only by rarity. @ wingo 1: I can make the cross hair have a bit more contrast, even having an option for it wont be too hard, consider it done:) 2: In the demo it's only the weapons, but for the full game I am working on variations, I've been playing around with different sized torsos that really make a difference so I'll have a scale of enemies of speed vs strength. I'm also trying to add a magic element to the enemies so some variety will be able to randomly use special abilities. 3. Wow I must admit I hadn't read that before! That's extremely exciting, if they do wave the fee as they say I will more than definitely put it out on those platforms! I'm already coding the game to work with PS3 and 360 controllers anyway. @Jordi Yes I remember and that's a great idea. I'm actually planning to add a few more tweaks to the pledges, including a physical copy of the game. @ Chris B. I really wish I could, I'm trying to get this out for as many platforms as I can but unfortunately I'm using the Unity engine which doesn't support the GCW-Zero at the moment, Hopefully that will change! If it does I will certainly release it on the platform:) @Humbleroots the $10 gets you both a mobile AND desktop version so yes. The game will absolutely not have in-app purchasing, I've personally always hated freemium games so what you'll be getting is a full game, no hidden costs, subscriptions or adds! @Ajay I should have made this clearer in the reward as well but since it's a planned gun you can decide what abilities/elements/stats it gets as well. @FedoraG4mer Thanks! I actually put your link down at the page @Ajay I'm planning on making them as a reward or quest type item, because like you said, other wise they would almost never show up!. I'm trying to work out other things to include besides just the gun names since it's such a generous donation can't tell you how much I appreciate it! Maybe NPCs or something? I'll let you know as soon as more of the story gets worked out :) @Eric I'll round up all the articles and blogs about it soon as well, including yours:) Yes I did! I actually just listed all the first impression videos on the page earlier today:) I look forward to the Q&A and thanks so much for helping out! Ha no I haven't, but anyone can contact me through here or the website moonrift.com :) I'm working on getting more word of mouth going but at this point I'm positive I'll make the goal, you can track it <url>"Troll" that tries to smash your face in. There's a lot more in the works but require mechanics that will take a little more time to program like underground enemies, shielded enemies, and enemies that can go through walls. wow sorry that's so long but hopefully you get the idea :) I'll put an update here and everywhere I can! I should be able to host the file on the site so I'll just post a link up to the page, I'll have a Windows MAC and LINUX version up. Like I said I'll put it up this weekend, I just need to polish up a Title and character select screen. @Krister The game itself I'm hoping to take upwards of at least ten hours. One of the reasons for random generation is the huge amount of content it creates:) Yes I'm planning on a new game plus since it's extremely easy to implement. Unfortunately the game will not be multiplayer, it would be insanely fun but it's not really with in the scope of the project:/ @Jordi The demo will be out very very soon! I'm actually in the middle of an all nighter right now getting it wrapped up :P I have the actual level ready for play I just need to finish tweaking a few more things. I'm aiming for this weekend. It's only one area but I'm really excited, it's a lot more polished than the videos I have out right now. I hadn't even thought about that :P Yes any three would be fine. I'll try and put that on the survey at the end. If I don't just message me:) Oh and Marzi the $13 gets you all three, a mobile a desktop AND Ouya. Ha , no that's not all of them, right now there's around twenty or so and some of then can be multiplied. For instance a bullet could explode multiple times in one shot. I would love to hear your ideas that's what the games about :) Feel free to message me about your ideas! Well the character's made at the start with multiple heads and bodies to choose from, including females :) No no! It's a demo, a really small one at that, there's no way I'd charge people for it, especially backers of the game! I'm trying to get it out for some early feedback and a little more publicity as I've had a lot of people asking for something playable for first impressions. Well when I started making games as a kid I was forced to use 2D which is where I developed my pixel art. This is kind of a throw back to the game I always wanted to make as a kid but wasn't skilled enough to do so. There's no avoiding the Borderlands influence in the guns but the rest is more along the lines of games I grew up with like the old 2D Zeldas and Final Fantasies. P.S. I'm working really hard to get a one level demo out before the campaign ends so you guys and some reviewers can try it out. Yes it's just me making the game. I made the mistake of starting kickstarter before trying to spread the word :P It's starting to get picked up though. Any way the beta will be released as soon as possible, at the min at least a month before the release but probably sooner so I can spend a lot of time tweaking and making it perfect with input :). I'll include this in the next update as well but I added a pledge level to receive all three platforms including OUYA for $13. The $10 still gets you mobile and a your choice of MAC PC LINUX or OUYA Yes, after funding I'll set up a forum on the site with polls and everything where it should be a lot easier to gather feedback and suggestions. Right now all that leveling does is increase health and energy. I've played around with the ideas of skill trees and such but right now it's undefined. Once the projects funded that's exactly the kind of thing I would love to get Input and suggestions on where to take it! Yes controllers will be supported on the P.C. version, I really want this game to be playable with dual sticks :) If founded I will try to get the game on steam but even just a submission to greenlight costs money I don't have right now. As far as screen shots and in depth information when I have time I'll get an update or start a dev log on the site on all the tech and features already in the game. I'm really happy to see that your interested about it! For the publicity I have reached out to several sites but it seems like I am a lot better at video games then social networking so if you like the game please let people know!