Brian, Thanks again for your feedback. I am hoping to get some info from one of my factories this week. I've been holding off on an official update until I hear back from them. Either way, I'll be posting the update in the next few days, so if they don't respond as soon as I'd like then I'll drop a quick line to everyone letting them know I'm still working on it. Glad to have your suggestions. Ron T. Drayton, Garret Dubois, Brian, and Hannah, I assume from your comments that at least some of you have missed the lengthy post I made on this page 7 days ago. You can find that below if you’ve missed it. I recognize that delays in projects and even updates are extremely frustrating. For the sake of keeping both sides of the conversation balanced, I would like to highlight Kickstarter’s guidelines (as reiterated to some of you here) for project backers: "Delays, sometimes very lengthy ones, can always happen and we hope that backers will understand this and stay positive and supportive. It's important to keep in mind that projects that launch on Kickstarter are often very early in the development process. This gives backers an opportunity to be a part of the creative process from the beginning. It also makes backing a project on Kickstarter very different from purchasing an item in a store.” While from the beginning this Kickstarter project has been — and continues to be — a labor of love for me, it has turned out to be more similar to the project mentioned of above than the project I envisioned in my head when preparing to launch. There have been a number of unforeseen hurdles that have risen up. I have no doubt that an experienced project creator or product engineer would scoff at the meaninglessness of my petty snafus, so it’s on me that things haven’t gone smoothly with production or in working with all of you. That said, I have worked harder than I have ever worked before in my life, and the effort required to get this far has been more monumental than anything I’ve experienced before. Despite the normal 10-12 hour workdays followed by the exhausting 8-10 hour work nights interfacing with overseas manufacturers week after week, I press forward with the constant aim of tackling one problem at a time until the project is complete. This is the only way I know how to approach a project of this magnitude while working on my own. For those of you who wanted more updates and feedback recently, I apologize that I failed to provide you with what you needed. I’m constantly working to hone my thinking, my approach, and my results both on the production side and on the Kickstarter side, and I will continue to work on improving how I handle this project. Mutator has shown itself to be much more complex, intricate, and in need of problem-solving than I (and others with whom I have worked) had anticipated. Despite the considerable headway I had made coming into the project, the effort I had put forward prior to launching the campaign has been eclipsed many times over since by the intricacies of full-scale production. That said, I’m still hard at it, and will keep working on it until I’ve cracked through every last wall. Thank you all for the patience and feedback you’ve lent me for this project. I sincerely appreciate it. Ron I returned home from a busy month of business travel last night and saw a storm brewing here on Kickstarter. I wanted to address some of the comments and thoughts floating around here. First of all, I appreciate David and those of you like him who continue to offer your support and encouragement both here and in private. David is right, now is the busy season for many factories. In addition to that, I was caught a bit by surprise by (and lost nearly an entire month of production time due to) the recent national Chinese holiday, the longest one of the year which brings factories to a screeching halt. While I have continued to work on assembly and production approaches, I was quite limited without the interface with the factories themselves. I don't think any project creator starts their project hoping they hit major or continual obstacles, and as projects go on (from what I've seen) many project creators shift from hoping they avoid pitfalls to praying that they'll one day stop. To say that this is a nerve-wracking and overwhelming process is an understatement. But there's another giant component to the project in addition to the execution of the project itself - the backers. I am confident that many of you here expressing frustration and confusion are legitimately seeking some answers. You are no doubt inconvenienced by the delay in the project, the pitfalls, and the lack of a recent update or two keeping you apprised as to the efforts being expended on the project. Your frustration is shared by me. I want this project completed, and continue to work to accomplish that task. Possibly the biggest complaint (spoken or not) is one of communication. I have stated in a number of updates that I will be updating when there is something to share. Right or wrong, this is what I feel is the best approach considering all factors. Some of you have strong opinions for or against this approach. Regardless, every project comes with the handful of backers that won't be satisfied with anything short of perfection. Bi-monthly, weekly, or even daily updates wouldn't be enough, because criticism, it seems, is the main objective of a very small handful of backers. I see projects where the creators receive complaints for any issue imaginable, even sending out their rewards early. I see projects (including this one) where backers curtly comment "I don't care if it works, just ship it." Take a look at those projects that ship garbage: it doesn't end well for any of the parties involved. Clearly the communication tack failed everyone this last month. Not only was it a hectic time on the China side, but it has also been an extremely busy time for me with my "day job". This has culminated in a lot of effort being placed on the things that I hope bring the most headway. My project was recently compared to another project that was a hit success. But no two projects are the same. Unlike the project mentioned, I do not have an entire staff working full time to get the project launched. I do not have a resident engineer. I do not have access to existing relationships in the manufacturing world. All of this is new to me and I am the sole individual doing the job of many. Additionally, I am facing unforeseen obstacles that have made more than one full-time machinist, engineer, project manager, plastics specialist, and assembler scratch their head in paradoxical dismay. The project seems simple. But time after time when yet another specialist's "easy" solutions fail, the fact is further reinforced to me that this "simple" little device is really quite complex. Despite all this, none of it has stopped me from being able to make some big wins. So is the project doomed? I don't think so. I have been extremely grateful to arrive at what I consider tremendous successes in a number of areas. As you all know, the following milestones have been reached: 1) The custom tip shaft has been dialed in virtually to perfection. 2) The tip has been overmolded and assembled into a full TRS assembly (something I was told on numerous occasions would not be possible, leaving only a substandard option in its place if true) 3) The pyramid design has been iterated to a simple, clean, workable end-product. 4) Extensive testing and use has revealed minor tweaks that will greatly affect the usability and durability 5) Possibly most important is all the things I have learned that don't work, which in turn leads to the few but significant wins that bring this project closer to fruition. I cannot say with confidence that the current step I'm taking will be the last (many obstacles have been unforeseen, and there may be others that creep up), though I hope that the light I see at the end of he tunnel is one of finality. As I continue to work to find the proper solutions, I ask for your patience, as well as your restraint in comparing this project to any other. I no longer can claim the title of "success" in regards to a smooth project, but I continue to put my full force of effort into reaching the finish line. Thank you for your understanding, support, and feedback. I sincerely appreciate it. Hey guys, all the updates are being posted here: <url>"Updates" tab on the top bar. Also, if your KS email is correct, (and you're subscribed) you should have the updates sent directly to your inbox. We're working through some tweaks for our next sample set. Hoping to have some more info by next week. Have a great weekend! Thanks everyone!!! An update is on its way! @Jason — The charcoal and polished are meant to compliment the colors of the black and white versions of the iPhone 5. You guys are awesome! You guys all made some serious noise, and it made the difference. 11 hours to go! Thanks Dan. I will be looking into possibilities of offering custom (per customer) engraving after funding is successful. Haha. Funny, Thijs! Thanks Wai Lok PANG. Overseas is expected to ship approximately the same time as domestic. @Alexander It's kind of exciting! :) Carl — There are no photos of the KS Green as it is going to be a highly specialized version. Did you have a specific question about it? Shafina Thijs van der Wal, John H, and Walter: Sorry for the confusion! For all international orders, please add shipping as follows: $8 shipping/handling for a single Mutator $5 additional handling for every 2 extra Mutators after the first one. For instance, it sounds like all of you got in on the early bird Mutator. Here's how you'll calculate: 1 standard (early bird) Mutator = $13 + 8 = $21 2 standard (early bird) Mutators = ($13 x 2) + $8 + $5 = $39 3 standard (early bird) Mutators = ($13 x 3) + $8 + $5 = $52 And so on. Does that make better sense? Please let me know if you need any further clarification. Thanks Marie and Carlos! I appreciate your support! Jonathan — please see this FAQ for an answer to your question: <url>#faq_59786 Stay tuned Brian, John H, Marie - an update is coming shortly about multiple items. Thanks! Thanks, Aaron. I've looked at it and it looks promising! Thanks, Jordan. I really appreciate your taking the time to show your support. I recognize Mutator isn't for everyone, but clearly there is a need in the market. I'm excited to be taking this ride with the entire band of misfits who feel the same way you and I do. Enjoy the rest of your day! Thanks, David. I'm keeping an eye on my options in this area. Have a great evening! Christian Tvilling: Thank you! I assume this is how Kickstarter wants it done, but I can't say for sure as I have not heard anything about this directly from them. Please remember to update me once the campaign ends. Thanks! @Greg: Sounds like we are thinking along the same wavelength. I appreciate your support! Aaron: I agree. The behavior isn't consistent. It's a welcome change knowing that you will no longer be assaulted by Siri or video when you least expect it. Thanks, Will & Nathan. You're not alone. :) David Duncan: I sincerely appreciate your support. Spread the word, and keep your eye on the campaign. I have a few ideas for stretch goals in the works, one of which would satisfy this very request. :) Thanks again for backing this project! Matt Sawyers: I agree! I originally had a few of these types of "multi-packs" for iPad/iPhone, families, couples, etc. Sadly, Kickstarter's policies required these be removed prior to approval. Please see the FAQ for more details. If you'd like to reach Kickstarter directly regarding this rule, you will find their contact info in the FAQ as well. Shawn Swanson: We're working on it. Please check out the FAQ for the reason why I cannot have a multi-pack, and for links to contact Kickstarter directly to see this rule change. Some backers have taken it upon themselves to multiply their desired pledge cost by the total number of Mutators they would like. I suppose you could do this as well. Please notify me once the project closes if you have pledged $ for multiple Mutators. Aaron — Thanks for your support! I have received some information on Android, and will be updating the FAQs with my latest findings shortly. Thijs van der Wal: You will be able to specify color once the campaign ends. Hadn't thought of that. Thanks Cody! Tammy — I have not tested with Android devices, but in my research it seems highly likely that they will accommodate Mutator. I will post an FAQ once I have this confirmed. Great question, Baback. If the cases are open-ended on the top and bottom (doesn't wrap around the front), then there is a good possibility that it will work. I cannot ascertain from the images at the link you posted whether or not the Ronin would accomodate Mutator. FYI, I am considering adding a stretch goal for a case-friendly version once we've met our funding goal. Thanks! Ron