This was definitely a glitch! The email address should be working correctly, so please go ahead and send us any questions that you have. Thanks so much - The Sonavation Team @Ryan please contact info@myidkey for refund requests. Thanks! @Peter Dyroff We're very sorry about the trouble you've experienced - this is a very serious issue and we would like to ask for any additional information that you can provide to help us figure this out. Can you please tell us the following? 1. Did you update from version 1.0 (released in December) or 1.1 (released in January) to version 1.2? 2. Were you also storing files in the myIDkey app and have you seen any issues with that data since the update? 3. If you go to Settings > Export Keycards and send the file to yourself, is the data missing there as well? 4. Had you tried our manual back-up utility before the data issue? Does that restore the data properly? 5. Did you notice the data issues before or after your update to iOS 7.0.6? 6. Are you using iCloud to back-up your applications and their data? Thank you for your help and patience. myIDkey Customer Support @Dan Dwyer I apologize you were unable to find our app in the Google Play store. @Ben Cooper is correct this version is a bit buggy and in need of some fixes. Currently, we’re working on next release candidate and are planning to release to Google Play by end of the week. Thanks! Hi Dan. Your refund was processed and mailed yesterday. Thanks for your initial support. Benjamin Chen here. Jackie - thank you for your comment. We have already processed your refund. As to your comment below, I can categorically say that we are not adding a holographic screen to the myIDkey. Thanks again for your initial support. @Chris - the images and video we showed recently are the pre-production units. As we are only working on the boards, the ID will not change. @PA Computer Guy - Thanks for mentioning the referral program, myIDkey will honor all points that were earned from our referral program. The points will be allocated after shipping. We plan to reinstate the plan early next year. @Dave Dugal - We are aware of the announcement. We are looking at all the different specifications and will consider them after v1.0 ships. @Jurriaan Wittenberg - we are looking into what we can do legally in regards to international shipping. We understand your and others concerns. @Charles Ebert and others - Regarding the sleeves - the new design doesn't work with the sleeves originally envisioned. The team is looking for alternate extras in lieu of the sleeves. Thanks for your suggestions, they have been submitted to the team. @Klaus - Sorry if that was confusing. myIDkey will work with practically all OSs, including Windows and Macs. What you won't be able to do is log into Windows with a fingerswipe. You can store your login information, but it won't fill it in. All units will have a web based portal that you can log into from any browser in addition to iOS and Android apps that will have almost identical functionality. These will allow you to add and manage password information, personal data, and files. Browsers will use a bookmarklet that will work with your myIDkey. We will provide some more information on all the software that will ship with the product soon. @Ruben Van Canneyt - Please contact accounting @ myidkey.com - I'm sure they will straighten out any issues. @David Taterka - We are going to allow you to import your passwords to your myIDkey. We'll publish the CSV format that it will support. Additionally, we are going to support the export from other password managers like Lastpass and others to be determined. We unfortunately, will not handle Windows login for v.1, but we do plan to add it to a future software release. @Christopher Cowler - We are on track to start shipping in November. Parts are starting to arrive for our November production. @Robert - The cable is only if you need to use it over USB (and charging) - you can use it with WiFI or Bluetooth with no cable. You can attach a lanyard to it easily. @Gavin - We do anticipate support for those devices later on - expect that sometime after the v1 product ships in a software update. @Refund people - expect emails with updates from customer support - Dear Kickstarters, We apologize for not providing an update on the ship date sooner. We are coordinating our supply chain with our manufacturers to finalize the date. As we mentioned in our previous updates, the need to modify our board to achieve our feature set required us to change suppliers of some parts that have been in high demand internationally. There was a fire at one of the main suppliers of memory components in China (see link below). That event created a shortage of NAND-Flash, which is key component in myIDkey. <url>"refund" the card that was used with Kickstarter, since we don't have access to that information. If you truly don't want to wait for the myIDkey to arrive, then you have to send an email to <email> and someone will get back to you to get all the necessary information to process the refund. Thank you again. We understand that the Apple Touch ID was compromised through a technique shown on the C.C.C. website. Of course someone would have to acquire both your device and your fingerprint and then produce a working copy of it, which is possible, but would take a considerable amount of work to accomplish. This is why we have incorporated other two factor authentication steps before the information you want to access is available. In addition to the auto destruct feature, which will erase information after a number of failed swipe attempts set by the user, we have added a Tap Sequence. This second step will be a combination of button clicks on the device to further authenticate the user. The order and click count is set by the user and a separate auto destruct feature can be tied to Tap Sequence failures. All two factor authentication steps will be optional. For those looking for even a deeper level of security, we are adding additional steps that a user can activate, should they feel the need. Everyone has different requirements and we are hoping to provide a solution that is flexible in order to support many use cases. We will be posting our next update next week. Meanwhile know we're in crunch mode and very, very busy! Thanks Arkami is thrilled that with the incorporation of Touch ID for iPhone 5S, Apple has introduced fingerprint biometric security to the public. The Arkami team remains very committed to creating and releasing the most innovative, most secure password management device on the market. Here are some of the key differentiators between myIDkey and Touch ID. •myIDkey is platform agnostic. Beyond the iPhone 5S, myIDkey will work seamlessly and securely with all iOS and Android phones, in addition to iPads, laptops and desktop computers. •myIDkey is very secure and tamper proof. Data is encrypted using AES-256 and myIDkey uses a hardware crypto-chip that meets the FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) 140-2, Level 3 standard for preventing hackers from accessing encrypted information. •myIDkey is a true password manager for both single users and trusted networks. Users can manage and share information through a secure and simple-to-use interface. •myIDkey will be manufactured in the United States There certainly is passion about the myIDkey. And clearly we share that passion. Our team members are putting in 16 hour days to deliver the first voice-search, secure Bluetooth / USB drive that displays passwords and ID on the go. This is our crunch time and our efforts are focused on detailed product management, quality control and shipping logistics. We remain committed to our 30-day refund after shipment policy. We understand that there are special circumstances to our policy and we will review each on a case-by-case basis. Please send your request to <email>. We will respond to each of your emails before we ship. Again, thank you for your pledge and interest in our success. thank you all, we appreciate the input and will look at cables and split rings. We've just received the test data that we wanted to include in our update. We're adding into the document and we will be able to post the update today. Sorry for the delay. @Alistair, I am not sure I would agree that the product is huge. It is certainly very portable but I would agree this is hard to tell from the renderings you have seen. Bear with us we will be offering more context. We have been carrying mockups and testing with Macbook pros. Mac Air, Laptops so that when it is inserted in to the USB port it does not "lift" the computing device. It clears on most devices. A couple of micro computing models will need a cable. More on this later today. We are looking at a variety of items such as battery designs/size etc that are taking space. We will be offering an in depth review today in the update so that you can see all the items considered. Hope this helps, please be patient. tks Mark @ Richard the Cloud storage offer is optional based on a users choice. For those backers that wish to backup the device they can if desired. Other backers may wish to never connect to the cloud using the device in a stand alone mode. We will have more info regarding dimensions in the update today. There is nothing like Kickstarter for community feedback!! We're reading all comments. We will send another update early next week. @Michael To clarify, we are using the "cloud storage approach", underlining "approach" here. The concept is to copy files between a computer and a myIDkey device via the browser, similar to using "Google Drive" or "Dropbox" from your browser - the cloud storage target is not a drive letter, but a web portal. To manage your files on the myIDkey device storage, you will use the "Files" area in our web-portal app, from your browser; this very similar to managing your home wifi router from your computer browser. With this approach, the user is not required to download additional software to access the myIDkey device. @Howeln We're still testing and will share our data once we complete test data analysis. We will be USB 2.0 compliant. @Marie-Andree It is not a public cloud. We have chosen to use this method because it is more secure. Hopefully we can clear up any confusion/concerns you may have. @Howeln The myIDkey will not be recognized as a mass storage device (drive letter). Instead the myIDkey will use a cloud storage approach, where the user can drag-n-drop files into the browser (in the myidkey web portal) or use the Add function to copy/files to the myIDkey storage (similar to Google Drive or Dropbox). This was done so that the device would be more secure when connected to an unknown/public computer. @Albert We will support the migration from various password managers (LastPass, Roboform, etc.) These password managers export their data in either a csv or html format, which will then be able to be imported into myIDkey for use. These are excellent suggestions and we really appreciate your feedback. Please keep them coming! We will be looking into every suggestion and possibility of them being implemented. Also if it already implemented, we will let you know and answer any questions you may have. @Arnd Thank you for your feedback. That is an excellent suggestion and I will pass that along to our design team. There will be a notes section where you can add previous passwords you have used with a specific account. Also the random password generator can be configured turn on/off different rules such as Upper/Lower case, numbers, special characters, etc. You will also be able to change the length of your password as well. @Andrew Could you elaborate on your question a little more? As of right now we will not have that feature because creating a rolling password for your email or a site you use will have to be authenticated by that site. It is how the site is set up that will allow for our device to do this. This feature is on our road map. As of our current plan you will be able to use the random password generator that comes with the device. This makes creating difficult passwords very easy and quick. @Arnd Currently this can be done via Backup, the user will need to store copies of his/her backup archives (e.g. backupfile072913, backupfile060113, backupfile110112, etc.). However, history is not an app designed-in function. @Marie-Andree We will definitely notify you guys of all news. We have been receiving a lot of emails that we have been responding to personally very quickly. As we said before, we are always listening and will be engaging you guys in all forms of our media. @Marie-Andree Agreed! We're always listening, but not always talking. Thanks for keeping us engaged, often we're heads down in development. @Arnd Thank you for your question and appreciate your feedback. myIDkey can securely store private encryption keys and other files on its local storage. However, myIDkey will not connect as a "mass storage device" (to PC/Mac), hence will not be assigned a drive letter. We're evaluating various multi-factor authentication approaches to consider for myIDkey, including OTPs, SW Tokens, TANs, RFID Tokens to name a few. Good series of meetings @CEWeek in NYK - thank you for the show awards and coverage MyIDkey fingerprint-protected, voice-searchable USB drive available for pre-order <url>#1) and gave you the 8GB upgrade. We looked at our cost structure and with volume we get better deals on components so we want to do it again - please see stretch goal #2 ! With your support we can there! See the info on the front page - thanks all Thank you all ! We are really very appreciative of all your support in making this happen! The next stretch goal is in the works and will be forthcoming today. Please keep up the comments and emails - the team is responding via email and posts as quickly as possible in addition to continuing to spend our days in community feature road map & resource allocation reviews, design meetings, manufacturer project plans, software updates, wireframe reviews etc - Your support and feedback is amazing! Thank you for making this project a reality. Hi Kickstarters, I posted an FAQ on "What is Tap Sequence authentication", check it out. Thank you for all your support; keep the great questions and ideas coming. Hello Backers, we have had a number of emails regarding a stretch goal - We published an update (#3) on Saturday called "You asked, We listened - Backer Power Needed" The update outlines the Stretch goal offering an upgrade of the onboard capacity to 8GB for all backers if we meet/exceed our stretch goal. Please review at Updates or click here <url>’t explained our security architecture in a timely manner. We commented about our security features this morning. In addition to on-line comments here, we have had more than 400 questions emailed to us and the team is diligently answering each one-by-one. As a start-up company it’s not unusual to outsource key business functions, we are working with one of the best security consultancies. The architecture development has been in the works for more than 6 months. We are writing technical white papers which will reveal more details for those who are interested in this level of detail. Thanks again everyone. Kickstarters rock! Dear Helder, we designed in 2 levels of authentication to address some of the early discussions we had regarding fingerprint accessible devices. We posted an FAQ to help highlight to the community our thinking here - please review and advise if you still have concerns FAQ called - Is fingerprint authentication secure? When we decided to make this product, we were aware of some of the concerns around using biometric fingerprints to unlock access to secure data. We spent a lot of time on the security architecture, and included a second level of authentication, which we call Tap Sequence. We added this feature for the very security conscious user. Think of the Tap Sequence as (an optional) combo lock code you can utilize after you have used your finger-swipe to authenticate the key. Brant , thank you for the input we will add to the community feature list for roadmap review so the product team can scope, assess manpower requirements and define priority in a release cycle. Keep the ideas coming. thanks. Dear Kickstarters, we will outline the STRETCH GOALS tomorrow and really appreciate all the help you are providing. We will also be posting a number of updates reflecting the community requests. Have a great weekend. a sincere thank you to all ! We made the first goal and could not have done it without you! More importantly we want you to join us in this journey as we see this product evolve from a prototype to a released product backed by an amazing team of 1410 backers and counting! Hello Kickstarters, thank you for all your support and input. We have collected some great feedback - thank you! Keep the ideas coming! We are 90 units away from being funded. Please continue to help us spread the word about the myIDkey. With your help we will get there today. Dear Kickstarters, Yes we heard you loud and clear and Stretch Goals will be coming soon.... thank you for all your support. Good morning Kickstarters, questions regarding the myIDkey form factor and sizing can be found on our web site under technical specifications (see - <url>