Graham, sorry about the mistake. We will email you to compensate you. -Leo We have shipped every order, please email <email> for tracking number. @Catherine Moon The current version works with Windows powerpoints. Please take a video and show it to everybody. :) @Jaydeep Dhaduk IFTTT is completed, it will come out with the next update. @Lenore Your extra is shipped. Thank you for the support. @Roy Your extra is shipped, tracking number in message. @SC Liao @Graham Bowers The blue MYNTs are here, you will have them in the mail soon. @Daniel Thorwart Your order was not shipped, it will be on its way this weekend. @andy We have shipped your order in December, and the USPS tracking number showed that it was delivered to the address you listed. Please check with your post office, your living mates, or your neighbor. If you could not find the package, we will be more than happy to ship you the order again. Let us know. Andy, we have mailed out all orders for our supporters a while ago. We are digging out our receipts now and will provide tracking numbers to people like you who didn't receive our package. Thanks! Leo Sure, we will look at the tracking numbers for all folks who said no receiving MYNTs. Andy, we have shipped MYNTs to all of our supporters. We did receive a few emails from customers like you saying you didn't receive MYNT. We are digging out our post office receipts to get the tracking number for you guys now. Please give us a couple days. @ Jaydeep Dhaduk: tes @ Dennis: let me check you tracking number @ Amin Maalouf: let me check your tracking number @ Agnes Law: hi, they are already shipped. We only have several blue MYNT orders on hold. 95% of the orders are shipped. @Tom Your tracking number at USPS is 9200190174242300004477 For any future inqury, please send a ticket to <email> and <email> We have already shipped the majority of the MYNT orders. As for the backers with engraving option, the wait will be a little longer. The engraving process at the factory is very slow. If you are ok to skip this step, and do it on your own, we will put in waterproof sleeves and extra batteries as replacements. MYNT is very flat and easy to engrave by any local watch/jewelry shop. For the orders that are not yet shipped, we have a shortage of blue MYNTs. If it is ok to ship your order without blue MYNTs, but with other color, let me know. Please check your order status, this only applies to the orders that have not been shipped out. @Catherine Moon It is within the next update or one one after that. We plan to have it completed before the CES show in January. @SC Liao We will ship the rest of the order (yours included) this week. About one half and two-thirds of the orders are already shipped out. @chris Berry, Please update the app to the most current version. Please also disable the anti-virus app in relation with MYNT. The issue of crashing is usually due to other apps on the phone shutting MYNT down. @Hesham Shaban It is getting started. Where is the delivery by drone service when we need it. :) Enter REOCAM4C It will take $10 off the price. Link to Amazon page: <url>~60 characters. @Meredith Collins I have received your email. Cheers. @Seow Wan Yi I am figuring out if Kickstarter will continue to allow purchase, otherwise, I am putting up a link to our purchase site soon. @Sunil Kirshnani I will send out a survey today. @Ahmad Rafie The limit is about two lines of text, and 50 characters. MYNT is small, so we can probably engrave name + phone number, and address if it is short. @Thomas Kozak I will send out a survey today. @Catherine Moon We are almost there with controlling Windows PC. The update is comming soon. @Sharon It depends on the environment. The alarm will pop up, the sound will depend on your setting. If you are in an enclosed room with solid barriers, the Bluetooth signal will be weaker, thus the alarm will pop up sooner than if you are in open space. If you put MYNT in a wallet inside a backpack inside your room, while you are outside of the room, the signal range will be much shorter than if MYNT is attached to your keychain in an open space. However, you should be able to detect MYNT in a 30 feet circle even if it is in a wallet inside a backpack. @Catherine Moon We are making MYNT compatible with Windows computers. It is planned to have MYNT connectable with Windows phones, but we are making it work on Windows computers first. One MYNT can be connected to One device only. However, you can change the connected device through the APP. So, you have guessed it right, disconnect and then switch through the APP, which will take no more than one minute of your time. @ Manuel Weber: yes, we are working on that. @ Meredith Collins: we will include something extra in your reward. Perhaps a MYNT/kickstarter T shirt and water proof sleeve. @ Meredith Collins: your order will work. It is correct, don't fret about it. Cheers. @Willaim Yang Installing the free app is all you need. @1 The shipping cost is $25 because the tracking cost $14 flat for all international shipping. Without it, we have no way of securing the shipping. We can mail your pledge with $15 shipping cost, but you have to send a message agreeing that We will not be responsible and liable to send an replacement of the original is lost in shipping. Here is the instruction: Change your original pledge to the $1 reward, add $15 to your original amount for shipping, and send us a message including your address, and an signed agreement/wavier saying you will not hold US liable if the package gets lost on the way. Alternatively, the $175 and up rewards have free international shipping. Some other rewards have subsidized shipping. @Nick Thanks for your support. @Jaydeep Dhaduk Which part of the video are you referring to? I am not clear about your comment. If you have found any bug, please send an email to <email> We update the app constantly for adding more functions. If you have found a bug, we will fix it. @Nick Cancillia Glad you are supporting our campaign. I am sad to see you not be able to try out our MYNT. I hope you and Kickstarter can work out the difference. I will send you a prototype MYNT as a gift, so you could try it out. We will be on the open market such as Amazon in a few weeks. Anyway, message me your mailing address, or I will use the one on file. @ mboirsbeek: the setup fee is for engraving only. If you do not need engraving, the the fee does not apply. The limit for engraving is 2 lines, and 50 character. It is not a strict limit. However, MYNT is tiny, so the surface for engraving is limited. @Daniel Thorwart Yes, you will be able to control other camera apps and music players soon. The action can be customized. We are working on having MYNT blink when you receive Whatsapp message. Each type of click on an individual MYNT currently performs one action, we need good ideas about how to perform more than one action with one type of click, but we are sure it can be done. IFTTT can be supported, let's make this an official stretch goal! @Graham Your MYNT will be engraved with the text you provided (please message me the text). @ gadgetstorm: we are shipping from CA, US. We balanced the need for security and the need for low cost. If I find a shipping service with the same quality assurance as the current shipper, I will let you know immediately. @Graham Bowers The update comes through app store or google play. We are adding more functions with each update. @Boris Panov It connects directly to the phone. @Joachim @Thomas We are currently developing our own equivalent platform, which may take a few months. However, MYNT as a smart platform can connect with other action apps. @Joachim Calvert In theory yes. Sometimes the connection may be buggy, so we want to make sure it won't be in the hands of users. We have an SDK kit for download if you are interested in building your own connection. It is a great suggestion, and our team will work on this as soon as we can. @Thomas Kozak Great suggestion, I will refer this to our team and put this as a priority. @Luke The picture for one type of waterproof sleeve is posted in the first update. Thanks for the support! If you have questions, feel free to comment. We will answer them on daily basis. @James The app currently supports connection with 8 MYNT. The number will increase soon. We have pre-programmed settings. Users can also add customized settings with our SDK kit. @ Sharon: for the rewards that have $20, we are paying the extra $5 to encourage your support, the real cost is $25 and more. @gadgetstorm We are working on finding better logistic solutions. The major problem is with tracking, which cost $14 per shipment. The shipping cost for us is really $25, without including labor and other costs. If we go without tracking, it might be a problem too.