@Alnisa- just sent you an email to resolve the delivery issue. Thanks again for your support and enjoy! @EvgBel- Just sent you an email with shipping info. UPS needs your apartment # @Kester- Just sent you an email with shipping info. @Rich- Your glass replacement went out on Monday with tracking this time. Thanks! @Johnathan (Asked us about making larger aquariums) Yes, in 2013 we plan to launch at least 2 larger shapes and sizes and will continue to grow our line of aquariums. On top of the self-cleaning aspect we will be adding another very exciting element that we can't wait to share. A great way to keep in touch with us is by subscribing to our website here: <url>’t promote algae growth, water resistant and have the longest battery life of up to 8 hours on a single charge; not to mention they come with an optional remote. IMPORTANT: Per our instructions, push the button on the actual light unit OFF (not just the remote) when not in use to prolong battery life. We still encourage everyone to switch over to RECHARGABLE BATTERIES after the 3 AAA we provide burn out. We don’t expect you to keep buying new batteries every time- it just does not make sense. The greatest thing about not having any cords for a beautiful aquarium this size is the MOBILITY FACTOR. You can have three or more, different favorite places for your aquarium and none of them require an electrical socket. It makes a great center piece for your dinner table, illuminate your backyard patio on a warm summer night while hanging out with friends, travel with it in your RV around the world, relax in the tub and set the mood in your bedroom- the options are endless The great news for you DIY people is that these lights are extremely easy to convert into a plug in wall unit so you can have endless hours of illumination to enjoy. @Art T. As long as you provide regular water changes there is nothing to worry about regarding the “dead” space under the reservoir. We have not cleaned that area on some our aquariums for over a year and our water test results still continuously test positive and our Betta’s continue to be healthy and active. Remember, that space also provides growth for lots of beneficial bacteria that fish need in a healthy aquatic environment. By the way- keep and sterilize your next tooth brush instead of throwing it out- It will work great for removing the water line at the top of your aquarium (that probably have not yet formed). You can message us by clicking on our names under the project title. Wanted to let everyone know that we can’t look up contact or reward details through the comments section so please email us directly for questions and support. @Joe: Please contact us so we know where to send the missing components. We apologize for the inconvenience. @Kimberly: The remote would have been an additional cost. The LED lights also work independently from the remotes. If you look at the side with the bulbs you will also see a rubber button that looks similar to the bulbs- that's the on/off switch. Feel free to email/message us if you need anything else. @AdamDork- Yes, because this aquarium has no filtration and since Betta breath with their labyrinth organ and not under water with their gills, this is the only fish that will work for this aquarium. Stay tuned for our next kickstarter project! <url>"tub". We meant to type "tube" @ Leo K. yes the tub is designed to sit approx 1/2" above the reservoir floor and slightly below the grill. This setup provides the best suction power and cleaning performance. Thanks Carleton for your review- we are very happy you are happy! All other requests can be sent to <email> with your shipping address for extra parts if needed. Thanks! We will be posting another update tonight- Stay tuned. As far as heaters go we've found the Marina C10 works great. It has a built in thermostat and is preset. Remember to test your heater in the aquarium with a thermometer for a day or so before you add your Betta to make sure it's functioning pro Hey everyone, regardless of what other websites are saying no aquariums have left our warehouse and your aquariums will be the fist to ship. We are still on schedule to begin shipping on 10/12/12 and we will post an official update Friday night. We can't wait! Hey everyone- we will have a more exciting update in a little bit. Here's where we are now: The die for the reservoir is being manufactured. If need be they say adjustments are quick and easy however we don't anticipate any changes being required. Again, at this point everything is waiting on the die. The huge plastic sheets have been formed with each sheet containing 16 reservoirs. The die acts like a cookie cutter to "punch" out the reservoirs precisely and consistently. We will post our next update with ETA once we receive the sample cut part. Hey guys, just to let you know we did not get hit by a bus! We’ve been extremely busy handling everything that’s been going on here. We will have a thorough update by the end of the weekend. Thanks! Hey everyone, progress is being made and we'll have our next update posted next week. Thanks! Hey everyone, we are having another meeting with our factory next week and will post an update then. In the meantime have a great weekend! Hey backers, we are receiving the latest round of sample parts from the factory this week. We will know more and post another update by the end of the week. Thank again for your patience and support! Hello, you may get some build up on the walls over time but algae shouldn't be a problem if you keep these things in mind. Algae need 3 things to live: oxygen, food and sunlight. Oxygen is limited in the aquarium because there’s no moving water. Betta breathe air from the surface with their labyrinth organ so this is safe for the fish, too. Most other fish (including algae eaters) require oxygenated water, which is achieved by the use of filters and bubblers, thus elevating the incidence of algae growth. Algae don’t have the most appetizing diet. It feeds on the by-products of a dirty aquarium: fish waste and dirty water. By running the cleaning system regularly you greatly reduce the amount of nutrients essential for algae growth. Don’t put your aquarium in direct sunlight because this will almost guarantee algae growth. I have the prototypes in a room that gets good indirect sun light and algae growth is not a problem. If you do get a little algae simply wipe it off with a brush. Run the cleaning system afterward thoroughly to flush it out. In just a few minutes of maintenance your aquarium will look like new! Neither LEDs cause algae growth. They also will not promote plant growth. So if you plan on using live plants make sure your aquarium gets at least some indirect sunlight. We will publish an update with a list of low-light plants we’ve used that thrive in the aquarium and can easily be found at a big box pet store near you. If a houseplant will grow in the room so will these plants – and there’s a pretty good variety of them, too. @Rachel- Thanks so much! Yes, we will be using the same copper spout as seen in our photos and videos for our initial production run. In the future we plan on providing additional, unique spout options. We will be sure to keep you all posted. Thanks again! Amit, your set to go with the Large Bright White LED. Thanks! Hi Tiffany, thanks for your support! Yes, you will only be billed once for the new amount at the end of the project. International shipping info is posted in the updates tab (link below). Scroll through all updates to see popular countries. Message us if you have questions or need a quote for another country. Thanks again for your support! You rock! <url>’s no moving water. Betta breathe air from the surface with their labyrinth organ so this is safe for the fish, too. Most other fish (including algae eaters) require oxygenated water, which is achieved by the use of filters and bubblers, thus elevating the incidence of algae growth. Algae don’t have the most appetizing diet. It feeds on the by-products of a dirty aquarium: fish waste and dirty water. By running the cleaning system regularly you greatly reduce the amount of nutrients essential for algae growth. Don’t put your aquarium in direct sunlight because this will almost guarantee algae growth. I have the prototypes in a room that gets good indirect sun light and algae growth is not a problem. If you do get a little algae simply wipe it off with a brush. Run the cleaning system afterward thoroughly to flush it out. In just a few minutes of maintenance your aquarium will look like new! Neither the Large Bright-White LED nor the Colored LED 4-pack will cause algae growth. They also will not promote plant growth. So if you plan on using live plants make sure your aquarium gets at least some indirect sunlight. We will publish an update with a list of low-light plants we’ve used that thrive in the aquarium and can easily be found at a big box pet store near you. If a houseplant will grow in the room so will these plants – and there’s a pretty good variety of them, too. Stay tuned for an update soon. Hi soonweijie, we are still in the process of determining international shipping. We'll let everybody know in plenty of time. Thanks for your patience. Hi Christine, The light hood (lid) doesn’t need to be removed because it allows air in the aquarium and doesn't interfere with Bettas access to the surface. The hood is recessed inside the top of the aquarium. It fits securely and can be taken off easily with one hand but would be difficult to remove with a paw. It’s a sturdy part. We haven’t tested it but feel it will provide good protection from curious pets. Hey Brandon, Lot’s of aquarium manufacturer’s make half-gallon Betta tanks. We agree that most provide a lousy home. That’s why we built a better one! You see, the #1 problem with half-gallon tanks is that the small water volume pollutes quickly and becomes unsafe for fish. This happens because most people don’t clean their aquariums enough. Our system makes the cleaning quick and painless. A clean half-gallon is a much better home than an aquarium 10 times its size that’s not properly maintained. Like most things in life, it’s the water quality, not quantity that’s most important. It's true that Betta don’t swim around a lot and don’t need much space to be happy. They like to float and hover in the water. Unfortunately, some manufacturers take advantage of this fact by producing cheap, tacky little boxes with no regard for the movements of the fish. As you see in our video and pics, this aquarium provides plenty of room for your Betta fish to swim and play We’ve had our fish for well over a year in a variety of half-gallon prototypes. They are awesome, beautiful, happy and healthy fish! Bottom line: Run the self-cleaning system regularly, provide good food and some love and your fish will thrive in this aquarium just like ours are thriving! Hi Anthony and Jerry, We've made self-cleaning systems for all different sizes of aquariums - up to 55 gallons. We hope to offer all kinds of setups in the near future (maybe even custom). The larger this project grows and the more attention we attract, the more we can do. So please share this project with everyone you know. We really appreciate your support! Hi soonweije, Blue gourami's need far more space. We only recommend Betta be housed in this aquarium. However, we are working on modifications for frogs & toads and will let you know when it comes to be! Hi Rick, One of the cool things about this product is that you can choose how much water to remove/replace during a cleaning. For a quick flush pour in a 16 oz glass. For a more thorough water change you can pour in a pitcher. Of course, you'll want to match the size of the collection container with the amount of water being poured in (or put it in the sink for very large water changes), and you don’t want to pour the water in so fast that you overflow the tank. We designed the aquarium so you don’t have to add any water after the cleaning cycle stops. But there is room to add a half-inch or so of water before you activate the system. And don’t worry about your Betta jumping out when the water level in your aquarium is high during cleaning. The water flowing in keeps your fish safe toward the bottom of the aquarium. The water volume in the patent-pending reservoir is very small. The reservoir is the trap for the waste. International Kickstarters: We are still working out shipping and will let you know before we fund about the cost. Thank you for your patience. @Alasdair: We are considering offering a clear spout as an option; but this would considerably raise molding costs. However, if this project does really well, we may be able to offer it as an option. In the meantime we hope you enjoy the classic look and feel of the copper spout. "Will the rocks hinder the dirty stuff from getting to the bottom reservoir?" Nancy C. The natural rocks are smooth and rounded so debris simply slides between the large gaps between rocks and falls into plumbing system. The glass gems work great too but they are a bit smaller so an occasional bit of waste may get caught between the rocks. No worries though. When you run the self-cleaning system the water flow usually sucks it out of the glass gems to be flushed out of the tank. If it doesn't get sucked down simply poke the gems with a stick next time the system is running to free the debris. It’s important that the self-cleaning system is running before you agitate the gems to make sure the debris is sucked down and isn’t stirred up, if you get what I mean. Don’t know why we didn’t post this earlier but the dimensions of the aquarium are 4.25" x 4.25 x 11.5" high. The aquarium body is made from sturdy 3/16” glass. The aquarium holds just over a half gallon and weighs about 4.5 pounds empty and 9.5 pounds full. Happy New Year Kickstarters! Thank you for all your support! We’ve received questions about different types of fish in the aquarium. For now we recommend that only Betta fish be housed in the aquarium. They don’t require much space and don’t need aeration, filtration or heaters. We are working on a really cool modification for Frogs and Toads and will let you know as soon as it’s ready. We don't recommend goldfish in this aquarium. We are currently testing it out with tadpoles and mini frogs and will be back with our results. Hello Kickstarters! Thanks for all your support! This is the most exciting thing we've ever done and we appreciate you being a part of it! You are awesome! Craig Hi soxcited - The lights are for your viewing pleasure. There is no need to leave on for the benefit of the fish. Hi Yong-Soo Chung- Regarding your question about the light. It actually fits perfectly inside, at the top of the tank. We designed it so you can't see it sticking out at the top. Thanks for your support! -David Turover