Actually, we have to stick to plan and go in tier-order, so we're into the $1499/"First Production" units now, with "International" next. We're working on getting a CE mark for the International Units. David's correct. Many more machines built but we're out of Step Filters again until a big shipment arrives mid next week. This and other items will be covered in the next update shortly. @Albin: Address confirmed Ships passing in the night. See the update I just posted. Thanks for your understanding and support Mark and Larry. Despite our thorough testing in the lab, as a final "release checkpoint" to make sure the fixes we've made are everything that's needed, Jim, Avi and I each took home a production machine last weekend and brewed 2 batches in our kitchens (each). Worked like a charm. I just racked my PicoPale yesterday, carbed it overnight, and had some today....delicious! It's going to be a big test and ship week this week and I pledge to you an update Friday letting you know how many machines we got out the door. You have every right to demand updates David, but I appreciate the message. Only Jim, Avi and I from PicoBrew are allowed to respond to these comments, and I'm the only one who does Kickstarter updates, so we're the ones falling down on the communications. I just wanted to make sure that you know that a key reason Jim, Avi and I aren't on email/comments & project updates is that we're putting in 18 hour days trying to get our production problems all sorted out. Believe me, we're all looking forward to vacations once machines are churning out smoothly and everyone is happy....maybe I can hand deliver you your unit (before Christmas) as part of my vacation? :-) Thanks for bearing with us. Bill Any backers who would like to stop by and see the operation & where we are on shipping firsthand are welcome to stop by. We can't promise a great tour right now since we're all heads-down trying to get units out the door, and our premises are full of machines and parts, but as those of you who *have* stopped by to pick up your units know, we're 100% open about everything...We've just been very very busy debugging, testing and shipping.. @All – We are working on an update for later tonight which will include details associated with TASC, our new production facility, and our venture to partner with another larger capacity production facility. @David Black - Hey David, our new production facility took a little longer to get off the ground than they expected it would take. Thus far, we've shipped a total of 38 Zymatics and are testing the next 16 in house. We're working on getting another larger production facility on-line and will keep you posted as this develops. @Elliott – As we have communicated before, PicoBrew accounts are associated with individual Zymatics and thus cannot be created until we have specific serial numbers for the Zymatic it will be associated with. Due to this, we are creating accounts for entire tiers as we reach them. This not only allows for us to associate with Zymatics being constructed but also allows for us to respond efficiently to questions posed by brewers who have received their machines and need immediate assistance. If anyone has questions, the best way to reach us is by emailing us at <email>. We appreciate your continued patience during this hectic yet exciting time and will keep you up to date as new information surfaces. -The PicoBrew Team Ingredient kits: You don't *need* to buy kits! We put these together strictly for customer convenience, so that you can just click a link and pre-packaged ingredients arrive on your doorstep. This saves you having to go to the homebrew store with your recipe, selecting and grinding your grain there, selecting your hops and yeast there, and taking it all home before you can brew. We are not licensing these exclusively to Mountain Homebrew -- the goal is to just get the kits out and available online for people. If you have a favorite homebrew shop that would like to carry the kits, point them our way and we'll see if we can hook them up. In the meantime, we like Mountain and shop-owner Jon Mendrick and we're very happy that they're carrying the kits. Here's a link: <url>#420 depends on how fast we can get a 3rd source online. Right now we assemble/test at PicoBrew at ~15/week and TASC (our 2nd source) at approx. 25/week. So that's a 160/mo rate. We're looking at 2 different higher volume "3rd sources" to replace Schippers, (our original 1st source) to get us another 100-200/mo. So with what we have today (Picobrew + Tasc) unit #420 would ship the 2nd week of Oct. If we can sign one of the 3rd sources we could potentially shave a month or more off of that. Hand-assembled units continue to be shipped, but the big news is that we're starting up the line today at our assembly factory....big day for us! We'll do an update today with pictures and details..... Yes, the heater core is different for the 220/240v units David, sorry for the slow response. @Hugh Keg sleeve will be coming with the PicoBrew Zymatic shipment. @Larry & all Thank you for your continual support; we couldn't have done this without you. First customer shipment will be happening shortly with access to the forums and recipe crafter for all shortly after. We'd love to have precision for you David, but the plastics holdup makes our final dates hard to gauge. Since we're about 2 months behind on plastics, I think it is likely that we're going to be about 2 months behind on our overall targets (end of March vs. end of Jan for first units shipping). The silver lining, if there is one, is that we're not sitting on our thumbs as we wait: We've been testing, fixing bugs and making product improvements. Also, we've been creating new recipes for the recipe database (13 award-winners so far not including Annie Johnson's recipes!) You are going to like our update today Brandon! No special machine requirements! You can log into your account on www.picobrew.com from even a tablet or smartphone. As far as getting early access to the RecipeCrafter: we create accounts and match them to machines as the machines are shipped. It may be possible to create all accounts at once and leave them un-associated with machines prior to shipping, but we'll have to look into this... Hi Leslie!! Just sent you a message about your shirt's delivery status!! I'll be posting an update later today but... . No plastics yet....that's the long pole....switched to Eastman Tritan for the (originally) Polycarbonate parts to make sure we don't have a BPA issue (esp for Europe). Expecting parts now the week of the 20th. Switched pumps in Dec as well to address some long-term reliability issues and it's a race to get the new parts in volume before Golden Week factory shutdowns in China. Everything else is proceeding as expected, everyone is heads-down. Hi Steven. Happy to share. The final CAD for the long-lead tooled parts is out although we’re still negotiating some cosmetic details with the toolmaker. We still expect to see FOT ("first off tool") parts in early January. Reliability testing, assembly, software development and additional recipe development continues on schedule. Our recipe calculator accounts for grain absorption, trub and other losses to give you a specific amount of starting water to place in your keg that will ultimately yield 2.5G of finished beer. Taster sets ship for December 2013. No problem. Thanks all for the kind words. Cole - its not automatic, but you can definitely do it. For a one time experiment it would be pretty easy to add a manual diverter valve on the way to the keg to let you pull off wort for decoction or turbid mashing, then just dump it back into the keg. If you really wanted, you could also update the open source firmware to run some electronic controlled valves and go to town. Thanks Nils! That's great information! To all of our international backers, we've already started meeting with carriers and are going to work hard to find competitive rates and get your goods across safely with the least work possible on your end. Unfortunately it takes time to compare and negotiate for the best rates so we won't have any numbers until long after the campaign closes. And you are certainly welcome to use your own freight forwarder if that makes more sense for you. Jonathan - during the boil, near-boiling temperature water is pumped from the keg, through the heat exchanger to control temperature exactly, dropped against a series of mesh screens (aiding the "vigorousness" with the hops cage and an additional filter, and then drained back into the keg. the venting is twofold. one is out the top of the step filter and also out the top of the keg where we also collect and trap some volatiles in the foam (keeping it from re-entering the beer). I wish there was an easy way for you to taste our kolsch or pilsner as that would probably settle it without question. Matthew. -- We shorten the dip tubes on the keg and that works quite well for transferring without trub. You could use a plate chiller inline but we've had great results with a simple immersion chiller which is a lot more water efficient unless you have a glycol chilling loop for your plate chiller (though the immersion chiller does require ice). Hi Hugh. There is venting on the back and sides as well as the front. Hi Ninjah. There's a pretty good mix of custom and off the shelf parts, most of the parts that could wear are off the shelf but there are some custom seals as well. We've done quite a bit of testing (and component changes accordingly) in the hundreds of batches we have run in the lab and are going to do more rigorous reliability testing as the production parts get finalized and hope to be able to fix any issues long before you get your machine. And, of course we'll make spares and repair parts available. Hi Julian. That's a smaller capacity keg in the video. In most cases you'll want a 5G keg for brewing and fermenting. We buy most of our 5G cornies used, because you can get them for < $50 ea that way, but when we buy new places like MoreBeer have good prices ($110 now for 5G) <url>"w x 17"h x 14.5"d and about 50lbs. As far as building them in: we know our friend and KS backer Jeff Bowlby, owner of Abodian (www.abodian.com) is excited about offering Zymatic as a built-in to his custom cabinetry, so it's possible. Keep in mind that just like ovens/microwaves there are heat and vapor venting issues to deal with. Software-wise, in response to J Wynia's question: Developers rock, and we definitely welcome you! The firmware will be released open-source with the machines first ship (frankly, it's not too useful until you have a machine to run it on). On the web-side we've written software for recipe import, creation and sharing, data logging and brew session viewing. We're working on the Web APIs that will allow you to do your own thing on the web side without having to rewrite the entire firmware stack (which, btw, you will also be able to do if you so desire). Craig... Yes, we've updated this in our FAQ and would be happy to have any of you pick up your machine from our office in Seattle. Chris... We're engineers and scientists, not lawyers and accountants. We'll do what those people tell us to. Hi Eric. Glad you are excited about it. Yes, of course we'd be thrilled to have you get a t-shirt and growler with your machine. Just add the relevant costs to your pledge and we'll give you a spot on the backer survey to let us know what you'd like. Thanks!