We'll have some more info fairly soon. Expansion pack incoming! @Norman Thanks for the great feedback :) I'll contact you privately to handle a replacement. @Connor Thanks for sending me pictures. I'll contact you privately to handle a replacement. Thanks for the compliments on the illustrations! @Matthew the games were shipped separately. They each weight 1.1 kg. If you PM me the to/from addresses I'll prepay for the labels if Canada Post allows that. @Matthew Do you know if Canada Post has a intercept or redirect option? I'll pay for the service if it's offered. I'll take care of you either way. @Mel While frustrating it's taken this long, at least there's some sort of communication now. Once I received a delivery date here in the US, I ended up getting it two days earlier. Hopefully that's the case with everyone in Canada. Thanks for the updates Mel. Canada backers — The fact that your games haven't arrived yet upsets me. I've been trying to figure out why the delay, but nobody has been able to give me an answer. I shipped myself a package from China (to the US), and it took 16 days for it to clear customs in the US. I'm sorry for the unnecessary anxiety. It just seems like someone likes torturing North American residents. Hopefully we see some movement SOON, but I'll continue to work on it in the meantime. @Matthew There should be two duplicate humiliations in each edition. They are the ones that let the other players choose the humiliation. It adds variety and lets you tone it down or kick it up a notch depending on the group you're playing with. @Bugger That is an awesome present! I hope Charlie loves it. It's been my pleasure, and thank you to all backers for making Poor Choices a reality. @Zack Haha it sounds like you had a blast. Awesome! Thank you so much for the amazing review. By the way, that concoction sounds absolutely disgusting - NICE! Thank you so much Zach. @Karl, Backers in the US should receive a tracking number when the package leaves Amazon. I just checked yours and it hasn't yet shipped. @warpunk Thanks! And same! :) @Ka-Ming Does that count as same-day delivery? Thank you so much for your great feedback! @Karl No problem. I know how frustrating it can be when creators don't respond during crunch time. @Karl Rewards haven't been mailed to US backers yet. We're waiting for the US warehouse, and I've been on the phone with them every day for the past few days to speed up the process. Hopefully, I'll have more info soon! I emailed all backers outside of the US with their tracking number. If you see an email, check your spam folder. I'll figure out what's going on with the tracking numbers and update everyone today. @Mel sent you a PM Quick note: some of you may receive two shipments even though you ordered both editions. This is because shipping was cheaper and quicker for some odd reason. So if you don't get both copies delivered on the same date, the second is right behind it. @Mike Awesome! Thanks for the great feedback :) @Mel Sorry, missed your comment. Yeah, we removed that since there wasn't much more info to share that we won't be sharing on Kickstarter. @Karpomatic Looking good! Games in the US cleared customs and they're on their way to the warehouse. Waiting on one last thing for backers outside of the US, but should ship any day. @Matthew The games shipping to US backers should arrive at the port within a week or so. They just have to clear customs and be sent to the warehouse. I estimate they'll ship close to the middle of October. The games shipping to backers outside the US are being processed at the warehouse. I estimate they'll ship close to the beginning of the month. Delivery times vary between 2-10 days depending on the country. @Mel Orders outside of the US will be sent from China. The declared/insured value of each game will be $5 USD, which should keep taxes/duties low or eliminate them in some cases. Does that help at all? @Mel, the printing has begun! We're waiting for the printer to send us a few pictures so we can share them in the next update. Just posted an update. We received the final proofs and they look amazing! Printing will begin shortly :) Thanks Cathy! Glad you like them! We can't wait to see them either :) Just posted a quick update. Everything was sent to the printer, and the final prototype is being printed. Mass production is starting soon! @Keith Late September or early October would be my best guess right now, but a lot can happen, so take that with a grain of salt. We're putting in 12+ hour days to get it done as quickly as possible. @Wiccabloke we finished all of the characters of the Kickstarter backers and we're wrapping up the rest of the artwork now. We should be ordering the final prototype in a week or so, and will post pictures as soon as we get them! We'll have an update later this week. Finishing up the final three characters of the Kickstarter backers. Everything is on schedule :) We decided to unlock the last stretch goal at $20,500 and pay for the balance out of pocket. We want the game to be full color just as much as you :) lol @Carl Thanks! Definitely rated-R. @Rex Thank you! And thanks to everyone for backing the game. Based on the amount of new backers over the past few days, I'm sure we'll hit it. Neil and I are super excited the begin the custom character illustrations! @Karpomatic I think there is a good chance that we hit the last stretch goal honestly. I'll post an update about it shortly. @Christopher don't think we'll make it :( @Carl a lot of backers the past couple days. Should be an exciting final 44 hours! @Jonathan each base game comes with 336 cards, and we've unlocked 84 additional cards for each version (for a total of 420 cards in each version). Yes, a PnP will be made available to anyone who backs the Kickstarter. By pledging both versions, you will have access to both PnP versions. Updated stretch goal description. Sorry for the confusion :) @Zach full color everything. @Aleksejs STANDARD + ADULT is two games. To ship to your country, one game costs $20, and each additional game costs $15. So the total should be $35 for both, not $40. @RH thanks friend =] @Joshua yes, the link is <url>’s character. Plus, the Humiliation Cards add a social aspect to the game that gives each session its own personality — it can often times be what people remember the most weeks and months later. All in all, I think they’re both great games and I’d recommend getting both if you haven’t done so already. I hope that answers your question. @Mel Nice! You have a built-in competitive advantage :)