Hi, At this point in time, there are a known subset of our international backers who have still not received their Poppy. We are in the midst of a dumbfoundingly and painfully slow process with our logistics provider, 4PX based in Hong Kong, to establish a course of action to solve any delivery issues. They made mistakes (sending the wrong units to the wrong addresses, and using labels with ink that wore off), which they fully admit to, and we have high-level assurances that they will compensate and/or orchestrate all necessary fixes so that backers who haven't yet received a Poppy, will receive. It boils down to this: until we are fully *outside* of the "realm of possible delivery window", they are not willing to take any tangible action. Why is the window so long? Because it needs to account for the worst-case-scenario: the time it might take to get stuck in customs for multiple weeks followed by the time to attempt delivery followed by the time it takes to re-send back to Hong Kong. To re-ship another unit during that "worst case scenario" would mean *another* ~$74 USD per, which tallies to an amount of money greater than they are willing to pay. Hence we wait. Don't they have tracking numbers that show non-delivery? Can't we just judge based on that and move on? Well, we did certainly pay for that. And we do know that Australia is a first world country. And yet, somehow, even in Australia, the tracking information is unreliable for these deliveries. It has blown our minds. Thanks, Joe Mario: we (collectively) have been very responsive to your many inquiries. There's no automated system. Just us trying to do our best with what we have. Johannes, Cosmin, please check out the support site. <url>"partner" in this who handled our international shipments HAS made some mistake with misdelivery, missing cases/straps, etc, and we're working through all issues. 2) Shipping thousands of packages all at once just before Xmas, well, let's just say that a LOT of people are doing that and it makes a one-time system-wide spike that tends to mess things up. And we're now facing these issues: 1) Tracking info is terrible (for us, for them, for you), so it's hard to understand in all cases what the exact status of an individual delivery is. EXAMPLE: When things are held in customs (which can take weeks -- and is different in every county) the info "holding in customs" isn't always given. 2) We are actually, believe it or not, within the reasonable amount of time to allot for international deliveries. Yes, place in the proverbial mailbox on Dec 18th and 6+ weeks later "in transit" is...normal. It's hard for me to swallow. On the other hand: very much a FACT that we have packages arriving in countries every single day. So for now, it's hold tight. We're as frustrated as you are. Rest assured that whatever happens, you'll get a Poppy or a refund. We can't however produce magic reindeer. Sincerely, Joe @Everyone, please "like" our Facebook page if you'd like to keep in touch with us on the social nets. Things like contests and giveaways will be communicated via that page. <url>"something is better than nothing release" and we certainly agree there's a lack of polish and features. Good news is that the app is now our main focus. - Re: youTube: see advanced usage guides above - Phone can be removed with pressure from two thumbs from below @Daniel - are you using the Poppy app? Highly recommended / nearly mandatory. @Jacobi - check the FAQ referenced on poppy3d.com/support @Colin - thank you! @Kris, @Daniel - blurry will improve with app updates. Please load this in safari on your iPhone and view. Are these sample images better? --> <url>"something is better than nothing" knowing full well we can update it later. It was rushed out while our attention was on the hardware and shipping. The app is our full attention now. @Junliang -- that was because we just found out we can NOT ship to our 8 backers in Mainland China for export reasons. Unfortunately we had to refund just the 8 or so mainland China-based backers. All 57+ other countries are all shipped at this point. @Stephen Chiu - we're still working on app performance (speed and image quality). What's there now is the "better than nothing" version. It's not the "we are proud of it" version yet. We're working on it! @Eternal Blisked - please read the latest update (just sent). As of 12/17, Poppys bound for US backer just landed in the USA (in pallets.) Next steps: they'll be sent to our fulfillment partner, broken down and then readied with individual postage and mailing labels. Hi Stephen - So glad you are enjoying Poppy! On the web you can change the format of YouTube video. There's a "3D" menu on supported videos, and you can select "Full width" instead of "Half width". That corrects for that squeezed format you are seeing. We're trying to figure out how to expose that from within the Poppy app. Benjamin, The $299 pre-production backers were shipped their units early last week and many have received their units. Those are pre-production units; they don't have the texturized finish and lack some of the design changes that Ethan outlined in this post: <url>"conceptualization" is vertically misaligned, we need to fix that. As for the horizontal compression in the YouTube videos, however, I think that's easily corrected. YouTube has a number of different modes for viewing 3D. For free viewing, click the "3D" button and then select "other options" then "side by side". That should show you the uncompressed video. It's a quirk of how they have you upload 3D video. Regarding shipping address, we'll be sending out a survey just before we ship asking for the correct shipping address at that time. That way if you move, or you want to use a different address than you have on file with Kickstarter, we can make sure your Poppy goes to the right place. Thanks! Regarding wigglegram, stay tuned :) @MB - @The6uest is right, you can't view a 3D image on a standard phone without using red/blue glasses. However, you can see things like wigglegrams as @Rob and @Craig suggested. We're investigating how and whether or not to support that. Thanks! @Christian - The central mirror is far and away the most expensive component in Poppy, and is very high quality. We've seen (and discarded) a lot of bad mirrors along the way, so we know what you're talking about. @Daniel - There are thumb holes on the bottom of Poppy to let you get access to on-screen controls, like choosing the point of focus. @Erik, @Chris - Whoops! This is not a problem with your TV, our fault. The vertical misalignment you were seeing is a problem with the way our pre-production prototype holds the mirror in place, and won't be an issue in production. The mirror in the prototype came loose and got cocked at a slight angle. Again, that won't be a problem when we're using the right mirror in the production Poppy, but it's been plaguing us with this prototype. That said, when viewed through Poppy the stereoscopic effect actually resolves well, even with the misalignment. That's why we missed it! As for the YouTube images not lining up, that's because YouTube is stretching Poppy's video horizontally, instead of respecting the aspect ratio of the original. That's frustrating, but it's not because of any flaw in Poppy's optics, and we will be able to solve that with our app. Worst case we could save the video twice, once for side by side viewing and once for other formats (like red/cyan or interleaved). In any case, we're looking into this now, sorry for the trouble. We will upload more footage soon. Thanks for your patience! @Rob - Yes, we want Poppy to work with future iPhones, too! We've built Poppy wide enough to accommodate a phone with a 5 inch screen (diagonally). We can't know what Apple has up its sleeve, but we plan to offer inserts for future iPhones. As for the 3D animated GIF's, or wigglegrams, we like them. We're investigating how best to support viewing Poppy's pictures on screens without any kind of 3D viewer. @KuTuB - Alas, the Galaxy Note is just a bit too big for Poppy. @Craig - wigglegrams are cool! @djcreedy - we've posted a few clips and and photos taken with Poppy, down the page. Much more to come! @Joseph - the neck strap is definitely a great way to keep Poppy safe (you can get one at the Poppy Plus reward level). The face cushion is a good suggestion for making extended use more comfortable. Thanks! @Chris, @Fernando, @Kevin, @CK - thanks for the great suggestions! We're working on setting some stretch goals. @Marc - Poppy lets you capture your own 3D video or stills, as well as view what other people have made. @Werner and @Bob - we're really interested in how Poppy can work with the Oculus Rift, and the idea of a head strap is something we've been playing around with. More on all that soon! @Sheeri, @yohannon - We would love to let you get multiple Poppies, but Kickstarter doesn't allow the rewards to work that way. We're trying to figure out how best to support this, though, and we'll post an update once we find the right solution. Thanks! @Paul - yes, you can change your pledge and bump up to the Poppy Plus level to get the strap and bag. @Stephen - that's right, we're basically just updating the classic stereoscope to work with the iPhone. @KRIS - that's the trouble with trying to show 3D on a 2D screen! When viewed through Poppy, the lenses combine the two images into a single 3D image. If you have 3D glasses you can also watch in 3D on YouTube. There's a little "3D" button below the video, use that to configure it for your setup. It can turn our side-by-side images into the red/blue format. Hi KRIS -- great idea, we'll post some raw images and footage soon, but in the meantime you can see some video here: <url>