We've had alot of questions about shipping prices. We agree that the international shipping charge is frustratingly high. Here are the challenges that are driving the cost to the current level: It's important for us to have end-to-end tracking of the package for obvious reasons. This leads us to use a courier service like FedEx or DHL which is more expensive than traditional postal service.The entire system, accessories and packaging can weigh between 2 to 3lbs depending on the package selected. The weight & trackable delivery adds up.The battery packs require special handling which further increases costs.If you go to the US Mail website (www.usps.com) or Canada Postal Service(www.canadapost.com) and punch in some various destinations and weights, you will see that our shipping rate is right in line with our actual costs. The reality is that international shipping gets up there once the weight exceeds 2-3 lbs. Full of Fuel Team. @Mike G: We're sorry that you feel feel this way about our battery products. We have changed the battery design from those you viewed to have a high efficiently output in our products. We also use premium grade batteries that have a higher efficiency rating. While these competitors claim they have safety features built in such as anti overcharge protection we found theses claims not to be totally true. So we are assured that our F series chargers offer these features. We redesigned the IC board so that it allows a person to safely charge your products as if you were charging the charger itself through the DC input. @Manuel we will be looking at making adaptors for the surface pro as of right now we do not have any adaptors for the surface pro, we are also looking at making adaptors for apple macbooks. @eElevated technologies @Rajesh K We would not come to kickstarter with a product that is already on the market we have been working really hard on the development of our products for the last year and half. Although the products may look the same the technology in our products is far superior. We are willing to provide any proof neccessary to proof these products are indeed ours, we have all the autocads, 3D designs, our lab battery tests etc. It is unfortunate that you have withdrawn your support from our campaign, if I can answer any of your future questions & concerns please let us know. Thanks @ Rajesh K As soon as we find out anything for the MacBook adapters and the charge through technology we will put it up we are working hard to get it done before the rewards are shipped out. Sorry the F16 does come with 8 adapters thanks so much for pointing that out we will update it now. A carrying case is what we were thinking as well for one of our stretch goals. @Rajesk K. Here are the answers to your questions. 1. The marketing company that we were using wasn't so experienced in crowdfunding & and also the individual that owned the company was having personal/family issues. We have now teamed up with a marketing company that has experience in crowdfunding so there will be no issues. 2. When we first made the campaign we needed $ 20,000 but like I said our marketing company was the one that made our page and as you know the goal cannot be changed after the campaign has launched. 3. We are currently working on seeing if we can make MacBook adapters. The 8 adapters that are included are for laptops such as; Sony, Samsung, Toshiba, Dell, IBM, Acer, HP, Asus, BenQ, & many more. 4. Most charger are charged through USB whereas the F series chargers are charged through DC inputs. 5. We have tested and passed our products so there will be no issues with overheating or malfunction. There's also a Safety Protection System in our chargers it will insure theres no overload on products. 6. There is no charge through technology, but we are working on that as we speak. 7. We will leave the stretch goal ideas to our backers, if you have any ideas or suggestions please let us know. I hope this answers your concerns if you have any other questions please feel free to contact us anytime Thank Full of Fuel Team. @Rajesh we had a some issues with the company that was doing our online marketing for us. We figured out the issues and here we are.