@TheCheshire - No Txt Project in a business account I already had approved through Kickstarter so I used it for this project - so yes that is us. Eric, No problem getting the dice unsealed or with no coating. I will be sending out a survey to everyone when the campaign closes to confirm the details of your pledges. Also on the d6 dice you can choose to have beveled or right angled edges. Dave I will pass this on to Brian for the answer to the tumbling question. I would think with soft plastic media the tumbling would not affect the balance of the dice. I will defer to Brian for the official answer. I will post as soon as I know. Now for the question everybody has been asking. The weights of the d20 dice. Magnesium: 12.32 gr. or .43458 oz. Aluminum: 19.56 gr. or .68996 oz. Titanium: 32.45 gr. or 1.1446 oz. Stainless Steel: 57.95 gr. or 2.0441 Bronze: 60.13 gr. or 2.1210 oz. Copper: 61.5 gr. or 2.1693 oz. Brass: 61.58 gr. or 2.1722 oz. I hope this helps with your weight questions regarding the materials. Dave Everything is going great and we can't be more excited to start production on these Precision Machined RPG Dice. Here is some technical info from Brian: Our machining technique is the most accurate way to make these dice. In CNC machining, the less you have to move the part by hand the better. As soon as you remove it from the vise and have to rotate or flip it, you lose some accuracy. The more times you do this, the loss of accuracy starts being cumulative. We use a process called surfing, where a round cutter called a ball endmill traces the pattern and moves over in very small increments. This is the same method used in making precision molds. The benefit is extreme accuracy and control. Not only does this mean each side of the die is exactly the same size as all the other sides, but their location is perfectly symetrical to each other. Furthermore, we can add a beveled edge that is the same on every edge, which means the dice have a very satifying feel when you you roll them. Additionally, we only have to rotate the dice once during the manufacturing process, so overall accuracy is very precise. That adds up to incredibly balanced dice. Check out our video showing a four sided dice being 'surfed'. For the finish We start the finish process with a hand buff. Then we use a rotary tumbler with mulitple polishing media to achieve a high polish that showcases each metal. We want to make the metal the star here! Once the dice have the desired surface finish, we laser etch the numbers and seal the finish in with a clear protective spray that won't chip, crack, fade or diminish the shine and color of the metal. It also protects against tarnishing and rust, so the copper based alloys won't patina. Sean - Thanks for the questions - I will respond to each of them - 1: I would consider offering tiers of sets of d10s, I do not know all of the games that use them. What quantities would be most beneficial to offer? 2: I went in to try to change the pledges from the non-standard #d to the standard d#. However KS will not let you change pledges (even just for grammar) after they have a backer. For consistency I have chosen not to change the pledges without backers so people wont be confused further. 3: I regards to the testing of the dice. As of now no physical rolling tests have been completed due to current time constraints. However the dice are solid machined material and they are being precision machined to .001 tolerances to ensure the best balance possible. When we start producing them we will be doing random quality control sampling of the dice in the batches to ensure manufacturing quality. Thanks again for the questions - Dave Scott - In reference to your question about getting additional dice to add to your pledged set. Click the contact me button at the right under my name and give me the specifics of what you had in mind and we can make it work for you. Dave Nathaniel, That is a great question. Brian is going to get me the weights sometime soon. He is out of town working on a project and will get to it as soon as he gets back. I appreciate your interest and I will have the information shortly. Dave Atemus - The all metals option would be a full 7 dice set with each die made from one of the different metals being offered. The materials of the specific dice would be random. Dave