Hi Jan, the music is a mix of the mist energetic GSTD and ROTO tracks. If Dream Rush will get some fans we may consider more of this with new tracks. Yes, the PS4 and XboxOne versions will include the 'Sweet Dreams' mode. Even better, we added a feature that enable you to select any world you want without the need to have finished the ones before. And yes, Giana Sisters 2 will be on PC. And we have another news for you: Next week's Friday we will release an update for GS:TD on Steam. This will give you a local multiplayer mode. You can't wait another ten days? So watch out for our Backer exclusive update this Friday :) Hey backers, there will soon be an anouncement regarding 'Rise of the Owlerlord' so stay tuned. We are still working on the easy mode patch for the DRM-free version and when we have any news about it we will inform you asap. Sorry it is taking us so long. Best regards, BFG Freddy Hello Shaun, that gate is rusted shut and won't open no matter what you do. To access this stash, you'll need a different angle of approach. Keep your eyes peeled for suspicious gem patterns nearby. :) Thank you Crazywater, glad to hear that you enjoyed our Giana Kickstarter presentation. I didn't realize that we had backers in the audience - for some reason, that makes me really happy. :) @ Nian: Stay tuned for news about a project codenamed "Ravensdale" this summer! We've ordered everything, just waiting on the manufacturer to deliver, as soon as enough items come in that match your package, we'll send it. You'll get an email from <email> when it's been shipped. The latest patch was the Xmas patch, since the XBLA and PC DVD release we've been working on the DLC update :) Most likely! But WiiU is entirely figured out yet since it's still a few months away, the closer we get the more info we will have for you guys. PS3 port is kind of taking over our lives right now. ;) @ Peter: No, It will definitely come out on WiiU, we are just doing the Ps3 port first, and we have to do them once at a time :) At least we can say that we received some boxes from big N. I don't know what was in but our programmers could not wait to get their hands on them :) Adrian Pete, did you send us an e-mail? We'll replace your poster :) Hi all, check this out, a 24 hours (!) Kickstarter-Project clearly to recommend: <url>ümmern. Wäre schon fett, Giana Sisters auf der Nintendo Konsole. Hi - I'm going to answer the German questions in English and German as the info probably is interesting to several people. EN 1. The questionnaire/survey is handled by Kickstarter (we just write the contents), so we don't know whether a confirmation mail is sent. In any case, we'll contact all backers whose reward info hasn't arrived yet. 2. We're making good progress with the game and, barring external influences, are likely going to release Giana towards the end of October as planned. :) DE 1. Die Umfrage wird von Kickstarter verwaltet (wir schreiben nur die Fragen), also wissen wir nicht, ob eine Bestätigung verschickt wird. Auf jeden Fall werden wir alle Backer, deren Reward-Information wir noch benötigen anschreiben. 2. Die Fertigstellung des Spiels geht flott voran, und wenn uns keine äußeren Einflüsse einen Strich durch die Rechnung machen, werden wir Giana höchstwahrscheinlich wie geplant Ende Oktober herausbrigen. :) Regards, David Hi TCO, just take L and a big box of donuts in case it is a bit too large ;) Adrian PS: Dablue, you've been promoted? Hello everybody, in the next weeks we have a lot of intersting stuff for your entertainment until Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams finally gets released: a lot of information, new artworks and screenshots, etc. You can find all this on our Forum: <url>’t worry, we are not going to spoil all the fun. Have a good weekend, get more news on Monday and don't forget to vote for us on Steam Greenlight, Hans-Jörg @TheChosenOne: You can follow this link to get the T-shirt sizes: <url>#Men. Hace a look at: "Men's sports shirts, T-shirts". Hi everybody! As it seems, we are too late to spread the news about TB's video on our own. What a shame! But now everybody is back working, and next time I'll be faster ;) What happens at Black Forest Games? Well, I saw a lot of energy drinks and an impressive coke bottle wall growing even more impressive. Means: everybody is working hard - most people directly on the game, others on preparing the reward shipping. Did you get your backer questionnaire? If not: please complain! Some people have been confused by the last two questions. David posted a comment about it. Just scroll down a little bit. The Steam Greenlight process is still running. Please, don't forget to vote for Project Giana (<url>örg @Garrood Dynasty: We are referring to this: <url>’s one of the reasons we named it ‘Project Giana’. The other is, that Jean-Marc don’t want to have ‘sisters’ in it, as it is actually only Giana with two sides and no Maria ;) We're discussing to do a stretched goal of 350k for an Amiga-version. Or we wait for an Amiga-KS-project. The T-Shirst size etc. will be requested with a survey after the project. Also shipping adresses etc. What a hell of a month! Probably those three lines with the backers number, the pledged amount and the remaining time are burned into my eyes. Being part of your community is a good feeling! Adrian HaJo Helms about 1 hour ago Backer info Report spam @ Hajo: As Thomas stated, keyboard control is implemented. But we recommend a game pad. It plays a lot better with one. @Dablue: Accordeon, drums and brass. We like it loud, I suppose ;) And believe it or not - turkish Doener seems to be replacing the Bratwurst in snack popularity. @Andreas: Schnitzel und Pommes? Geht immer! :) Cheers, Mischa Hello world, we're close, but we don't have it yet. So we will keep trying to get more backers on board, keep spreading the word! In addition we will prepare an update telling you, what we will do with money we get over the 150k goal. Sorry for delays in answering questions, we are on it all the time. 60 hours to go, we will rock this! Humble thanks Adrian Sorry for the late answers - things are getting quite hectic now. To answer Andre's question, you can upgrade your pledge with $30 to get both a DVD and a digital version, provided that your tier already requires shipping. Kind regards, David S. Hi Andre, do it and please remind us in the after-campaign survey! Sorry for the late reply. Guys, please keep sending your thoughts about the stretched goal. Thanks Adrian What? Do I see a 140? ONEHUNDREDFORTYTHOUSAND? You are all owlsome crazy!!!! Hello Backers, great to hear you being so optimistic. BFG is still in full-throttle-mode, though you see the signs of four weeks Kickstarter in the teams faces and in their weird looking eyes. We want to be safe with this! Regarding Michaels proposal, do you all want something like that? Actually it is not that easy breaking our stretched goal into pieces. @Manuel, currently our focus is on PC, we can't say too much yet about the stuff related to Sony and MS. Though there is a kind of culture here with the Kickstarter community, which includes being fair and being partners. I promise you, we will live that culture. @Dablue: Haven't seen the dog for a while... All, please watch out for the next dev diary very soon. Cheers Adrian Good day everybody, @Karsten Hey, that's a nice walkthrough. I learned something. I guess you played it quite often. Thank you all for pledging, raising pledges and spreading the news about Project Giana. We are working hard on the game and trying to reach people everywhere. And it is great to see that people from literally all over the world take interest in this project. Amazing times. When I think back like 20 years, something like this wouldn't be possible. Have a great day, let's get to work! -Dietrich Hi backers, we feel honored seeing your great support and are excited about the feedback about the game. A big part of the game-feeling is as lots of time raised by several backers the music of Chris Hülsbeck and Machinae Supremacy. You, them and BFG, we all together are Project Giana! Not to forget the OWL. Looks like there is a chance to make it. We just need to be a bit over our average backer amount for the next day. Some more news will be spread through the press all over the world and your videos will fill the channels of the social-media. Rock'n'Roll! Adrian Hello everybody, here are a few clarifications: The additional copy upgrades work by going either $10 or $20 over your selected pledge tier. $10 nets you an additional digital gift version of the game and can be added to any tier. $20 gets you a DVD of the game on top of your chosen rewards, and can be added to any tier that involves shipping (currently from $50 onwards). The $250 tier T-shirt displays both cute and punk Giana - one on the front, the other on the back. Great, Thanks! Any more ideas out there? We'll grab them all and will try everything :) This is OUR Monday. Keep Rocking Adrian @Karsten: Patrick, our IT-admin told me we can handle this @Andre: We are still discussing who will attend from BFG-side. Unfortunately Florian, programmer and the guy who was already on GC to promote Giana, became ill yesterday. Hi out there, the last days been quite good. Our press-campaign of cause suffered a bit from the news-flood of GamesCom but we are having strong support from several indie-sites and some big tech-sites. We have backers from all over the world, still so far mainly from Europe. But North-America is waking up and the support from US and Canada is getting momentum. Still a bit weak so far are is our French community, probably due to the holiday-season there. Next week we will ride another attack. Taking in account your input, firing with everything we have, we will give everything to make this race. Call me crazy, but that's what you are, too :) A question: What do you think about a live webcam for the last 12 hours of the campaign directly from the BFG-KS-HQ-OMG-WTF? Cheers Adrian Let's say it another way: more than 4000 passionated gamer - that is a mighty power and we as BFG feel honored to be part of that :) 4000 Backers - We are legion! Adrian Andre, I was not aware that this is quite common on KS. So we will take care of the second game option. Thanks for raising the point! Cheers Adrian Hi thousands out there, you gave us your pledges, noe you give us lots of stuff to do - fair deal :) Besides following your ideas, contacting those youtube-gamers, thinking about reward optimization (John H., we heard you) and of cause keep on working on the game David, who leads the campaign,has planned some more actions: Another dev diary provided by the owlsome art team. He will send his dark messengers Mischa and Dietrich to find and catch all the editors around the world not written about Giana yet. There are rumours about a secret plan he has with his sidekicks Elena and Emily. Our friends from Kaasa, who did the Giana Sisters iOs and Android game made a call to their armies. Last not least we promised you to involve all backers in finding the final name for Project Giana! Thanks for your crazy, support, your ideas, videos (so thanks to Andres there now is one in Spanish!) all the efforts you put in the project. We are learning every day (Oswald, we are happy to share those learnings, just contact us). We have a lot to do and we will keep fighting, if we shall not make it, at least we will go down in a blaze of glory! Adrian Hey Dietrich, I know who keeps you awake ;) Backers, it's good to see that you love the demo and take it as it is, some not finished work in progress. We discussed this a lot in the team as the term 'demo' nowadays often is used for already finished products and we felt taking a risk you thinking that would be the final quality and performance. This seems not the case here, probably because you have a more IT-related background. Phhhh, happy us! @ET3D: Fair enough and thanks for still supporting us with your picture. But be aware: They don't have OWLS! Cheers, you rock Adrian Good evening, @Kodjabashev Thanx for the hint. I am on it. @Oswald Weber Yep, we are working on it, the sites will get something. Send in more suggestions, if you like. Over and out, -Dietrich Wow! That's a lot of feedback! Developers love feedback! Due to the volume, I'm going to briefly go through each topic without addressing anyone. WinXP: We're currently working on a patch - the demo will be fixed! Gamepads: The final game will support DirectInput gamepads in addition to XInput ones. The current limitation is only for the demo (work in progress). Alternate Giana costumes: We technically can't add them to the exclusive tiers created earlier, but nothing's stopping us from giving them to you all the same. Each backer who pledged $15 or higher will get the costumes even if the reward text doesn't mention them. T-shirt sizes: We can offer T-shirts in sizes ranging from XS to XXL. Porting: I'm no expert on the matter, but judging from what I've heard from coding and management, porting the game to other systems won't have any notable issues. Original Giana levels: Unfortunately, building a level is a lot more work now than in the old days. It can take several weeks to get a level ready. In view of our current workload, the original Giana levels aren't on our scope right now. The different controls and abilities (plus the twist) would also require a redesign of those levels to make them work, which would be debatable. Alternate control schemes: We actually went through a lot of different control schemes and jumping/twirling/dashing rules, some of those identical to the ones suggested. In the end, we chose the current approach after much testing and debating. That being said, we want you to be able to customize the controls in the final game and will go as far as time allows. 3D vision: While we have implemented this feature in former projects, our current budget doesn't allow for it. Phew - I hope I didn't miss anything. Kind regards, David S. WHOOHOO! 100K! You guys are the best! Pete Dorr, you are awesome! The entire team is watching your vid right now! Hi backers, we are proud having you as fans, supporters and friends. It's amazing how you fight with us to make this happen! In Germany it's half past seven in the morning and the development team worked all the night on the demo. The art team has been polishing the whole day like hell and now the challenge has been to make it run on all target specs. So lot's of tech-polishing and afterwards testing which is still ongoing. Let's ride this perfect wave together. We'll make it. Adrian Thank you for the great suggestion, Andre - I have added a link to the video under "The Team" on the front page! Greets, David Sallmann @ Karsten, sorry, Typo: Update Nr. 9 Hi crowd! You're crazy and we love it! The latest rush just saved me from offering getting a BFG logo tattoed for hitting the 3.000 backers today :) @Karsten: Please check update ), there are several signatures and banners you can use. This is a rollercoaster-ride, get on board, fasten your seatbelt and enjoy! Adrian Hi all, thanks for your support, we love you! I promise you, BFG is not in panic mode yet. Let's say, we are a bit concerned (I have it under control with some tranquilizers) but we still have ammo: - Look out for the team video we will release as an update in about four hours. - We already sent out the demo to some selected games-press and preparing everything for the public release. C'mon, we still have ten days - if we make 25k every day we still have one week to relax. Keep on Rocking! Adrian We're also pushing for more visibility worldwide, but our previous efforts haven't borne fruit yet. Apart from completing a sneak peek level for the press today, we're also exploring more exotic avenues like advertising on reddit: <url>"Project Giana". Everyone is in full-throttle-mode to make the game possible. Good advice from ChosenOne, things are going that way. We are pretty happy for Shadowrun, some of us played the Pen & Paper game for a long time. Or are they still playing? I have to ask. Greetings to Karlchen, yes, the "Schwarzwald" is a great place. Tip to the hat to everyone who helped to advertise the game. We need you. Gracias. Hi backers! Short message from the Games Developers conference. Lots of people we met were impressed by Project Giana and promised to pledge if they not already had. @Ole: You're right but we will keep fighting, promised. Have you seen the poll and the pictures shown there? Cheers Adrian Yes, ChosenOne, it is indeed a good idea and we will look into that. Right now we work in many fields to get more awareness for the project. Updates are planned and will come this week. Promised! Stay tuned ... Hi all you passionate backers out there! For us as the developing team it's really a great feeling getting your feedback and hearing your excitement while we are still in development. Usually as a developer you're finishing your game without having any chance to listen to what the gamers feel about it. Even worse, normally you're already deep into the next project when your game finally is released. So that's a brand new experience for everyone at BFG and we love it! @Ole: The Giana team is working hard on the demo. Still there is always the question when is it good enough to show? For Jean-Marc, who is BFGs creative director, it's never good enough, just as an example. Cheers and a happy weekend with some great twists! Adrian Thanks, OUYA - you rock! Hello backers out there! Do you feel the spirit of relaxed holiday season? We don't ;) So watch out for the weekend, something big is coming within Project Giana! Hi out there! Once today someone in the Project-Giana-SWAT-team came up with a new game idea: Smallish game where you have to organize reward-tiers and updating them without screwing up the whole system. We just kicked it into the bin. Would have been too hardcore for average gamers ;) Again thanks to you all for coming on board. We'll see the 50k fall and we'll see the 150k fall. @Dablue: Ol' friend, the IP is not the issue with the original Giana. But there are other contractual questions to be sorted out. We'll keep you all updated. @Dr.InSide: Pentium sehe ich schwarz, genaue Anforderungen liefern wir baldmöglichst. Hardware-requirements will be provided asap. Everyone who want to see 2000 backers now give me a shout! Adrian @Dablue, here we are :) Monday... so sorry for being late with responding. We're working on all fronts taking in account your great input, e.g. regarding TotalBiscuit and rewards. A link to the Project Giana Facebook site is not possible, this only could be a link to a site of one of our developers. As we don't have Tim Schafer or Brian Fargo here and Jean-Marc is more the shy guy ;) we don't have a link. What should I say more? Update is coming..... Adrian Yes, as TCO says, slowing down but we will do our best to keep it runnung and speeding up again. We are counting on our US fans to at least reach 45k this night. @Vincenz: Playstation Network ist fest geplant. Gerne antworten wir auch in Deutsch. Da wir ein buntes Team sind könnten wir auch in Französisch, Russisch, Spanisch, Weiss-Russisch, Ägyptisch, Neuseeländisch, Afrrikaans und noch ein paar anderen Sprachen antworten. Company language is English with that constellation :) Adrian Good morning North America! It's been a sunny day in South-Germany and I wish you a sunny day whereever you are. Thanks to all you backers and special thanks to all those indie US-game-sites spreading the word. To everyone who watched the walkthrough-video, there is something the team discussed and tested for a while. The automatic change to punky Giana when you do the dash. At the end it was clear, that this resulted in a much better game-flow than a manual change. Be prepared for tomorrows update! Adrian You just crashed the 40k barrier! THIS IS SP...errr GIANA!! By the way, have you 'liked' our Facebook-site Project Giana? Good opportunity to spread the word. Hello crowd, don't you have a weekend? But I will not complaing that you spend it by supporting Giana so great! @Ole: We share your feelings, the excitement about the game, the hopes for getting it funded and the worries about maybe not. Right now Eric, our Technical Art Director is working on the first part of the Dev-Diary. He is one of the best 3D-artist in the industry and I am talking about ART, really. We'll put more ressources on the Kickstarter-campaign to get more media-coverage, especially in US. We also contacted the Ouya guys. But not let us forget the millions of PC-gamers which are our first target audience. My feeling is that those backers we have right now are really passionate ones and believe me, the BFG team also is and we all together will rock this! Adrian Thanks all, you're an amazing crowd! It's Saturday night here in Germany and reading your comments makes my day. Still now e-mails flooding in between the BFG developers where your ideas are discussed. Will some of you will be at the GamesCom in Cologne, Germany, in one and a half week? If you are and you are discovering someone with a BFG logo on his shirt, that's one of us. Just say Hello then and tell, that you are a Giana-Backer. @Reno: Yes, X360 controller will be supported, take a look at the walkthrough-video, Borries is using one there Best Adrian @Reno, yes X360-controller will be supported. Just forget: @ RS and others, this is work in progress and we really appreciate your feedback and input. With that we'll be able to make Giana better and better Just read the comment from Ben, Japan, who hates us no, because the video made him raise his pledge and now he will have nothing to eat this month. Ben, we feel sorry and really appreciate your addiction! @Dablue, yeah, that's the point. @Andre, maybe both? Let us check with Chris and give you the info then. By the way on the site www.project-giana.com we have a forum where everyone of the Giana- and BFG-team is ready to answer questions. Do you wanna know how long they work on one 3D-model. what is grey-boxing, how to become game-developer, what is their favourite Giana, cute or punk, what is their average caffein-abuse during crunchtime, why Vladimir is living in the office and named the voice from above... just go there and ask. Cheers Adrian @Emily: I'll answer the same way you questioned! 1: The inherent nature of OUYA being a console, such as fixed hardware/drivers/OS, the controller and the Nvidia chip makes it a perfect platform for a port from PC. No offence towards Mac & Linux users, we have them amongst us as well ;-) 2: We love Pikomi's art style, the very first artworks for both dream worlds were coming from his digipen. At the same time, 3D world is not simply a 'bumpy' version of 2D sprites, it is following the aesthetic and readability rules defined for the 3D environments. In order to have homogenous 3D worlds we needed a different concept art, one that is required for 3D assets production. 3: The music crossfade effect is not final, we are aware of that jarring you've mentioned and were looking at several alternative ways to solve the issue. We will also give the players an option to disable the music style switch when twisting. @Ines van Eckendonk: And don't forget: Children always tell the truth :) Fabian: That's a good idea :) @Ivan Kodjabashev: I couldn't describe it better than Jens :) Wrong girl, wrong dream, and this feeling: something is wrong. Like metal sounds and flowers ;) @Jens mogensen: That's how we play Project Giana right now, with our Xbox controllers, and I guess it makes sence to keep it like that :) @Duncan Baxter: Thank you for your backup. I hope you don't mind that I placed a comment on <url>