Gen Con is not in the cards for me this year, unfortunately. :-( Absolutely. When the game is ready to ship, I'll be double-checking shipping addresses with everyone individually in order to be sure they receive their rewards. The Kickstarter system doesn't allow me to resubmit another survey, unfortunately—but I can message everyone individually. I hope to run a game or two at Paizo Con and I *want* to attend Gen Con this year, but I'm not 100% sure that's in the cards. I may also make myself available in Seattle near PAX for demos as I didn't get into PAX. That said, I have a friend helping me understand the Google+ hangout stuff and may begin running weekly demos in the near future online. Stay tuned. Addressed: <url>ão. :-) Hey Robby, I admit I've gotten quiet as of late. I tried to address that with today's update. Updates will get loud again—right now we're pushing hard to the finish line. There is no "they" here. There's just me. I have contractors and other help, but this is for all intents and purposes a one man operation. I was sincere in my mea culpa post in September. In fact, I strive to be as sincere as possible always. We gave reasons for launching the AC KS. Do I regret pulling that trigger? Absolutely. I'm not sure where you're seeing me being snippy and defensive. If I've done that, I sincerely apologize. It's difficult to apply emotion to the words you read online. If you never buy anything from my company, Robby, I'll have to live with that but I won't like it. Nothing with this project has gone exactly the way I planned, but if I've learned anything about the hobby industry after all this time it's that things rarely go to plan and it's good to have backup plans. We're on backup #2, I think. ;-) The game progresses. It's coming. If I'd released it "on time" it wouldn't been a pile of garbage. It's not that now. Hang in there, Robby. It's coming. And I mean this as sincerely as I can assure you in written form: my intentions when explaining myself are never to be snippy or defensive and it sincerely bothers me that I may have portrayed myself that way. You folks are why this game is happening. I appreciate it and I respect you (even the very vocal minority). You're going to get the best game I can produce. I promise that. -Josh Update coming on Monday. :-) 60 days of refreshing my screen is finally over. ;-) Thanks again everyone! At least according to the emails I got, you are still just pledged once. :-) Yup, looks like we're going to hit $36k before the end. :-) @Joerg: Right now the official release date is "Spring 2012." Once the project funds, I'll announce a more solid date. @Josh: There will be an open public playtest in January. :-) So yes! Issak, many of your questions I can't exactly answer as it seems less than possible to answer them until a while after the game has been released. I could tell you what I hope all of our planning results in, but what I hope for and what will happen are sometimes two different things. I'm putting together a game that I want to play and by doing so I hope I'm also answering many of the concerns I've heard directly from gamers over the years about what they like and don't like about past and present games. I've been in this industry since 2005--long enough to see some major shifts, to see some large companies go under, and to see some small companies flourish. I was a major part of one of those flourishing small companies, so I have a solid idea how to be successful again. As for overhead and all that: I don't exactly consider a goal $11,000 higher than the last to be "marginally increasing" anything. You'll just have to trust me when I say the business plan, cash flow projections, P&Ls, sales plan, sales goals, and product schedule all tell me that my quotes from printers plus the capital raised from the Kickstarter mean this game will start off successfully. I'm not sure we'll have the quick start adventure ready for the playtest. But each week of the playtest will be specifically targeted toward one aspect of the game in order to keep the information coming back in as focussed as possible. Coming later today. :-) Thanks everyone for your feedback on the logo. :-) Gravity comes from centrifugal force generated by Quantum spinning very rapidly and there are tides, but I'm not ready to say why yet. :-) Double limited edition books for everyone at $35 pledges or higher. ;-) Thanks again, everyone! Hey Brett, I'll give that some thought. The way the backer rewards are set up right now, it'd be complicated. There will be beasts in the core book. :-) The PDF is extra beasts. I hate to say things like, "Well actually we're exploring an option like that" but, well, actually, we're exploring an option like that. :-) I asked for an additional quote from the printer today. Good question Jeremy! If you up your pledge to $500, you will keep the monster design. (I'll edit the new $500 to be more clear.) Correct! With no increase in shipping if you're outside the US (since shipping is free within the US at that pledge level). I have no plans for a color interior. A color cover, yes, but Hugo is shaping the look and feel of the world and that's better captured via his superb black and white art. Should we hit $25k, have no doubt we'll come up with incentives for higher goals. :-) Hey Richard, Yeah, maybe I have a little. :-) Congratulations everyone! We hit the first goal. Now we need to shoot for the second goal of $15,000 where I can give a lot of the folks working on the project a raise. :-) The next goal after that is $25,000 where I double all book rewards and print regular copies to sell into hobby distribution. Thank you so much everyone! I'm putting up a video update here shortly. Paul: I'll have some new backer rewards up tomorrow. Geoff: Thanks so much! I submitted it to their news engine. If you'd like to promote in the appropriate space on their messageboards, I think that would be great. :-) Thank you so much everyone!