Lucas check your pms for script info! Just letting you all know that I am going to be posting an update my Monday morning and will be responding to Private messages this weekend! I hope everyone had a safe and fun 4th of July! I have read all of your thoughts posted over this weekend and will do everything I can to assure that this project succeeds. I have contacted Robert about his proposition and will have more to share on that soon. Additionally, if you'd like to contribute to the project, I want to once again remind you to message me! We already have a few people helping out, and I'll have an update about that next week. As I stated in the update, I was able to drop a few obligations until this game is released, and am spending at least two hours a day contributing to RAiN's release. Thank you again for expressing yourselves. I have learned a lot from this experience and this project is alive again due to your passion. Hey everyone! In an effort to address you're concerns and provide transparency, I feel like my initial comment about power outage leaves room for much more explanation. On second reading, it does sound like I am just giving you some bonehead excuse and that everything I worked on is gone. That is not the case. I still have much of the work that I did on the game. The power outage only corrupted a limited section of files, none of which were media files. And though I had backups, at the time they were out dated but still can serve as building blocks to recover the damage. It is true that I am using RPG Maker, but that does not mean that the entire engine is complete and ready to go. You see, RPG Maker comes with pretty much nothing, just an empty shell to write scripts and upload media into, tying all these massive alterations together to make the game of you're choosing. The more complicated your game is, the more it requires scripting and media resources to make it work. When I said that the game's engine is complete, what I am referring to is the various custom systems, such as a battle system, that require the game to work as an action RPG (the initial setup is for turn based, random encounters). In the survey I have thus far figured out that I would present options for everyone, and a fill in the blank for ideas that do not fit the options. I can continue the game, I am just completely unsure how long it will take and cannot give an accurate time frame based on the instability in my life. I can also hand the project off to someone else, which makes things complicated, but I am sure that it could be done. The third option is that the game could go uncompleted, and refunds would be available to those who desired them if and when it became financially possible for me to do so. Lani, It is very hard to clarify things that are subjective, but on the things that are objective I will be more than happy to clarify! RAiN was never created with the intention of failing, and I have done everything that I can, given the circumstances, to complete the project. What you have "unearthed" is in many was incorrect information and includes assumptions that are not correct. Though I honestly feel like you're feelings are valid (I would be upset as well), I encourage you to take another look through everything. I am going through a divorce, and I am also engaged to someone that has helped me get through the situation. I honestly thought that I could develop an iOS copy based on a few games that have been developed using the scripting language. I have no way to return the money at this time, it is physically impossible. I have sold all of my possessions with the exception of my car (which is worth around $1100), which I hope will allow me to find proper employment. I do not qualify for loans, I have looked into it. It may take some time, but I will do everything I can to make this right, even if it means starting from scratch and finding a way for others to provide for me. I will submit a survey within a week, after I have had some time to decide on its contents. The survey will objectively tell me how you all feel I should proceed. Thank you for your passionate responses. Hey everyone, I know that there are some strong feelings floating around, and I completely understand where you're coming from. I want to reiterate that I had every intent on completing the game, and have spent a lot of time working on it. I believe that placing all of the files I have into an archive and allowing you all access is more than fair. As far as individual itemization finance goes, I was using some of it for covering the expenses accrued while working on the game. I did have a contract with Nobody Studios, and they fulfilled the initial part of the contact, but I was not able to continue to pay them for their work. I will be submitting a survey to you all asking what you're desired course of action be. If you'd like refunded pledges, that will be an option. I cannot make any promises about when I will be able to get it back to you, because I am pretty much on the street right now. Lani, I know that you are upset and you have every reason to be, but you're investigative work makes a lot of assumptions and plays off of the fears of the situation. I was never shy about Nobody Studios being related to me, this was a project helped out by family and friends. I did pay them for their work though, because they have too many obligations to be able to donate charity work to the project. Also, access to a Steam account is not an accurate way to pinpoint time management, as these accounts are often used by others. It is also extremely painful to hear that you believe the personal issues I faced were some elaborate hoax, but you're frustration is understandable. I will give updates on the situation as they develop. I want you all to know that I am sorry, I did not have the proper preparation and training to handle such a large game project on my own. Had I known this from the start, I would not have started the project. This has been a massive learning experience for me and I will do everything I possibly can to address this issue with each and every one of you in a way that you prefer. Atarun, I wish everyone on the internet was as honest and kind as you, and I appreciate your words of support! :) I had planned on making an update explaining the delay, but things started to clear up so I decided to focus on getting the update out instead. Rest assured, you have been heard and any delay of greater than a week will prompt me to make an update, alerting you all via email as well as the Kickstarter interface. Again, your comment is kind and encouraging and I agree with what you said and appreciate it very much. Thank you. Thank you for your concerns Muazzam, I'll take this opportunity to share with you and the rest of the backers why the next update is lagging a bit. I am not only a game developer, though this is my primary obligation for the next few years (including patching, etc.), I am also an upper division student (about to finish!), husband, and part-time employee. Unexpectedly and unfortunately, some of these other obligations have become more demanding temporarily. This is not me saying that I have slowed down work and development on RAiN., but it has impacted the update's release. Thankfully, things are finally returning back to normal after a few weeks of chaos and everything is on track to release the update sometime in the next week. I am not a perfect person, and life can sometimes throw things at us unexpectedly. Still, I will always do my best to explain where we are at and when you can expect things. I changed the way these posts notify me weeks ago so I am constantly aware of your voices, and will always respond as soon as I am physically able. I hope you all have a great weekend! I will be spending mine balancing the enemies you'll all be facing in the beta :) Thank you! Wallpapers are on the way! Yeah apparently a few people are having problems. If you are unable to resolve the issue, rest assured that an update linking to a paypal donation will be up probably by the end of the day or the next. All backers who donate through the paypal will still have access to their appropriate reward. Thank you everyone! We are working on an update explaining whats going to happen next, it'll be up by the end of the day! WE DID IT! Thanks to all of you! YAY! Thanks again everyone! With 48 hours left we are trying our best to ensure that we create a simultaneous release for both PC and Mac, with Linux support coming shortly afterwards. Our goal after release is to use our first wave of funding to expand to as many platforms as possible, we want to bring RAiN to everyone regardless of the OS they chose to use. We only have 48 hours to go, and hopefully we can raise close to 10,000 to achieve our first expansion goal. Help us out by spreading the word as much as you can, I have seen amazing things from everyone so far! Anything is possible! We made it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you all for your encouragement! We are working tirelessly to not only meet but exceed everyone's expectations! Wow, thank you Brit! It looks good :) Wow!! Thank you guys so much! The team has been calling me like mad and to say we are all excited is a vast understatement. I woke up and saw what happened overnight and... needless to say this is a dream come true. I am overjoyed that our excitement is spreading to you guys as well! Lani, At this point, it looks like we may just be able to accomplish that! I am currently talking it over with the team and considering our options, but it may just be possible. We were originally planning on expanding after release, when we had funds to do so... but wow have things gone well! Also, at the 25 dollar level you get a full PDF version of the artbook/guide from the $50 dollar pledge! Matthew, we can't believe how much we've progressed in such a short amount of time. We are confident we can make it! As far as the endless rain goes... look forward to the next story element! :) Thank you Nick, we will! The excitement on our end is building up quite fast as well! Heather glad you asked! I will be adding some explicit information in the next story update that will answer your question! Just a quick heads up, during the last week we decided to put a reddit post up to try and draw attention. We want this game to be made as much as you do! Check it out here <url>~Gentlemen Studios Calebjrose, Thank you for your kind words! We will do everything we can to meet and exceed your expectations! ~Gentlemen Studios Chris, Funny you mentioned that, the way the Hydra language is learned is very similar to the way Al Bhed was learned in FFX. Its not like we wanted to completely copy the idea, but all rpgs use items, so why can't more than one have an alternate language system? The way it is currently coded, you decipher particular characters (one volume at a time), by finding the Hydrus Language Volumes scattered throughout the game world. There are 26 total, one for each character. For example, finding volume 1, translates the Hydra character X into L. So to say "Lime", it would originally read "Xamd". After acquiring volume one, it would read "Lamd". As you discover more volumes, further letters are translated, and it becomes easier to understand what is spoken/written by the Hydra. Hope this helps! ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Kevin, Thank you for the great question! You will receive a special in-game item for every ending you unlock. Without going into too much detail... more content is reachable for every ending you unlock. :) ~Joseph Nix Gentlemen Studios Lets send a message to the larger game companies who are only beholdent to their shareholders. Upvote if you support RAiN and independent developers! <url>"THANK YOU!" to all of our backers thus far! With you're help, we have been able to secure 30% of the costs needed to produce RAiN. Some exciting giveaways will be coming to backers as we progress through the coming weeks. With 21 days to go, we spend every day working at the edge of our seats, eager to make our collective dream come alive. Thank you again, from the bottom of our hearts. ~Gentlemen Studios Justin, The dev team has gotten really excited lately about the endings and how to implement them, and we know you're going to love figuring out how to unlock them all! For each character, there will be several endings focusing around that specific character. However, most endings will involve all three characters. Great idea with the art book! We may just have to go ahead and do that! (With the standard thank you Justin message, of course). :) Great questions! It is very difficult to answer them without spoiling a lot of the game's story progression. Before the end of the Kickstarter, we will explain the world of Ara a bit more in detail. Aww don't be so shy guys! Any questions about the game? We would love to further explain any aspects that many seem confusing to you!