Hi John! All the folks below you had the same problem you have - you never filled out your backer survey. We sent out some update reminders for folks to do this. Because of this, we never had any shipping information for you. Feel free to drop us a line at bitbangerlabs@gmail with your shipping information and we'll get you your reward ASAP. Hey Nicole! Our apologies to you and anyone else outside of the USA who is still waiting on their Remee to arrive. We've talked ourselves blue in the face with the USPS about their unusually slow delivery times through December. It looks like some of the stragglers are finally arriving, so it is our sincere hope that everyone will be sorted shortly. Hey Robert! Looks like you never made it into our backer database because you didn't fill out your backer survey - Kickstarter would have sent you some messages on this in May and June. Because of this we have neither shipping info nor choice of color from you. There's a few other folks in the same boat - We'll be updating soon with more info on this and some additional info on configuring, etc. In the meantime, the best thing to do is fill out your backer survey, which is the most efficient way to get your info to us. Sorry for the confusion! (We did it this way so that Remee is set it and forget it - if you have settings you like, all you have to do is turn it on, put it on, and lay down) Hey Bryan! Good news, your Remee is fine. That "Sleep Fade" only happens after Remee hasn't received any input for 10 seconds - Remee is going to sleep with you. All button input should take place prior. Every time you press the button the 10 seconds resets, so you don't have to squeeze in. Turn on your Remee, select your brightness, and then either go to sleep (for regular mode), press and hold the button (for nap mode) or press and hold twice as long for programming mode. Hey Patrick! We'll email you directly - sounds like you possibly got a bad unit. Our apologies! Egads, Cecil. We're looking into this immediately. Nice sleuthing, McG. Hey everyone! Greetings from hurricane-pounded New York. We are not shipping yet, but we're in daily (really, hourly) contact with our suppliers and we're working on getting Remee in our hand ASAP. We're not talking about a major delay here - we're on the verge, but we're hesitant to make another prediction because we can't be sure exactly which day we'll have them. We'll update as soon as we know more. We're doing absolutely everything in our power to get Remee delivered to us as soon as possible. Hey everyone! Update coming tonight or tomorrow! Hey folks! Fair point, Malcolm - but it's more an issue of waiting until we have something definitive to say. We're hoping to update next week when we'll have a better idea of where everything sits. Thank you, everyone, for your patience! Sounds like everyone wants an update! We are literally taking our first breath of the last two weeks today. We'll update sometime soon. Thanks, everyone, for your patience while we run around with our hair on fire, making sure Remee is as awesome as possible. Hey Paul...I'd try contacting Amazon. We can only search by transaction ID.