Hello guys, it's a matter of a few weeks until we know more about the business collaboration we are working on. Hope to be back with good news as soon as possible. Thanks for waiting. @De Moerloose Jan - Will post an update soon. No bad or good news to share currently. Trying to navigate between legal, manufacturing, testing and keeping motivation on with all parties. Guys, I’m truly sorry for the long wait. I’m doing my best to move things as quick as possible, dealing not only with production but with the legal issues discussed in previous updates, trying to make everything right again. Promise to update soon. Efrat. @Jean-Philippe We're working on that... @Ash, @LFA2012 things are progressing behind the scenes. Now that the summer holiday is over things will move faster. Hope to share various package designs next week. Hey, it's Efrat again. Below you can find my answers to Derek C's list of Qs. 1. Q: You say you put all your efforts into “promoting Ringbow”, yet there has not been 1 Facebook post, 1 tweet, or any public showings of Ringbow since the campaign. Why? And why did you use a fake Facebook page on this KS profile? A: I appreciate your concern regarding public showings and taking it in consideration. The Ringbow Facebook page was created while and for the KS campaign. It serves mostly other people and not our KS backers, people that are waiting for the final product and are not interested in the process of making it. We believed KS is the right way to communicate. None the less, we never imagined the project will take so long and every time we thought the launch is right around the corner and we’ll start using the Facebook page to engage with everyone, we hit another bump and head to deal with it. I appreciate your input and comment and take it into consideration. We will increase our activity in the Facebook page as well. Regarding my own Facebook page, it’s genuine, and like a lot of other FB users my profile is private and can be seen only by my friends. Like other KS backers you can friend me and find out yourself :) <url>’s a fact, and the information is also in the public domain for any registered company by Israeli law. Saar and I co-wrote any and all KS updates that were published until now. 3. Q: In the update before last, you said you would get back to us with shipping dates. Were you just stringing us along? If not, how did you not know you ran out of money? A: As described in the last update, we have established a business partnership with a manufacturing firm with the promise that if we'll hit the $100k mark, they will manufacture the rings for us. Ringbow is not out of money yet. The option of taking plastic moldings to our hands requires additional funds. Thanks to that business partnership we are able to provide the rings with the funds we currently hold. However, I'm afraid that the posts issued in the past few days jeopardized our standing with this partner. I dedicate my days now to repair our relationship. 4. Q: Why would a KS creator sign an NDA knowing they are supposed to keep their backers informed on progress? That is what KS is about!!! A: The delay in the Ringbow production is out of a dispute between two other corporations. We are suffering from the collateral damage. We respect our business partners and would not discuss their issues publicly. 5. Q: With all this ‘waiting’ why is there no SDK? A: I'm afraid that the SDK was under Saar's responsibility. It's now clear to us that he's not going to fulfill this duty too, and I'm working on a solution. all. Why not? It should be so easy to make one. A: See a YouTube video at <url>’s just a delay in production. Now, facing the damage from the past few days' posts - I’m not sure anymore. I’m doing my best to get it back to 100% while considering further actions. Hello backers, this is Efrat. I was surprised and quite frankly shocked to read the post Saar Shai published, slandering our company, Ringbow Ltd., and myself personally. As surprised as we were to find out Saar has launched his own private campaign, we were especially surprised that Saar posted such information while being an officer in Ringbow, and disclosing confidential information of Ringbow without any approval of Ringbow. Ever since I read his post I couldn’t stop thinking about how he harms our company, Ringbow Ltd., for his own benefit and at the expense of Ringbow, its investors, partners and backers. The easiest thing to do is shrug off responsibility and let others take the blame for your misconduct. This is especially true in the face of bumps in the road, let alone some of the hardships encountered in this project. I am proud to say I did not give up or leave when things became difficult. I am still here, pushing hard to make this dream a reality. It’s still not easy, but I’m not quitting yet. I stand behind my responsibility and commitment to our investors and backers, and respect my duties as an officer in Ringbow. Saar's post is full of fictional, inaccurate, misleading and slanderous information. Out of respect to our backers, investors, business partners and other third parties involved, I will not respond to specific statements and accusations made in the post. I feel that doing so will only further damage Ringbow. In addition, I fully maintain all confidentiality obligations of Ringbow. One cannot claim loss of control when one controls the share majority and serves as a board member. Indeed, Saar holds 70% of the company, a matter of public knowledge. The claimed “loss of control” may seem, under this light as loss of interest or motivation. I believe in the Ringbow project and I think our backers, our friends and family investors deserve to know their efforts and resources, and yes, also their money, were not wasted, that their trust was not abused and that we, the founders, or at least I, put all my efforts in promoting Ringbow and bringing it to success. Although I have a lot more to say, maintaining a level of professionalism is of utmost importance to me. It saddens me that Saar has chosen this manner for communicating his irks, with baseless claims that damage the company and mislead the readers, for his personal agenda and interest. Notwithstanding, my responsibilities as CEO and shareholder prevent me from discussing these inner proceedings in a more public manner. I will have to consult with the company’s legal counsels, partners and shareholders to consider further actions. In the meantime, I ask for your continued patience and support, nothing more. I promise to do my utmost to resolve this issue while avoiding damaging our supporters and the company further. I will be happy to answer your questions. Warm regards, Efrat Hey backers, We're also deeply frustrated with how long it takes to produce the rings, but we haven't surrendered yet. The Ringbow project is still on and we're working hard to make it happen. We are still waiting for the final plastic molds to be ready. Please keep your patience a little more. Guys, Things are progressing behind the scenes currently. Curving the plastic molds takes weeks. Our Electronic engineers are finalizing the product’s firmware, adjusting the fine details. We are waiting for new models to arrive from the factory and we’ll share pictures the moment we’d lay our hands on them. Guys, your speculation theories are very creative but are far from reality. Molding should start during next week. We'll update when the date is final. Thanks @Orion Free. The new design files are now "in the oven" and a 3D model will be ready in a few hours. We'll test the new parts in the beginning of next week and will post an update with new pictures. @greg gibson Well, website is down due to an error but Efrat's Facebook profile is live and active. @Jerry - We've launched a Kickstarter campaign in order to help us fund the development and manufacturing of the Ringbow product, and with that make our vision a reality. Thanks to your support, for which we are eternally grateful, we were able to raise the required amount to cover the expected costs, and we appreciate everything you've done to help us reach that goal. Immediately after the campaign concluded we went to work. The funding went to cover the expenses for components, sub-contractors, tooling, molds, firmware, software, etc. As of today, most of the funds we raised on Kickstarter have already been utilized. If a scenario occurs in which a large number of backers requests a refund, we unfortunately will not be able to accommodate that request. Therefore, we think it is unethical to allow refunds to some of our Kickstarter backers while knowing that we will not be able to do so for everyone. We hope you understand and accept our limitations in that regard. Our suggestion is to wait until the units is ready to be distributed and if at that point there would be some Kickstarter backers who would request a refund instead of receiving the product, we'll be happy to consider it. @Derek C - We are not taking a holiday during Christmas and New Year's, yet our sub-contractors will not be available through that period. We have not received the samples yet and we are expecting them quite soon, at which point we will immediately post the pictures. Also, our backers will be the first to receive their Ringbows before anyone else. Hi all, We are truly very sorry to get your comments and feedback and we absolutely take all the comments to heart. We hoped to be amongst the projects that deliver on time or even earlier. Believe us, no one wanted to be on time and to exceed expectations (and at least meet them) more than we did! Unfortunately, since it was clear that we needed to make some changes to the production line and improve the product and its functionality, the process is taking longer than expected. We can assure you that we did our best to avoid any obstacles, but even our best efforts haven't protected us from a couple of stumbling blocks. We are doing everything we can, around the clock, to get the product ready asap. We're listening. We pledge to you that we will get your Ringbows to you as soon as humanly (and mechanically) possible. Thanks for your understanding and patience. Hey @Jose De La Mora, we posted an update a few days ago... Hey guys, just landed after almost 30 hours of flights... Currently everything is scheduled as planned. Will publish the update tomorrow... And again, Derek's here to the rescue :) Ringbow supports iOS, Android and Windows. @Raymund - You'll receive an email @Pogopuschel - No problem! Thanks for the notice. @Murray Smart - estimated delivery time is late November (2012) Sorry guys, so many things going on we haven't been able to get to updating. We'll be bringing you up to speed momentarily... @Fabian we'll have pictures soon ;) Thanks @Charlie :) @Charlie definitely, we have approached the Ouya team in order to explore Ringbow integration. It's an amazing project and we agree Ringbow can really be amazing to use with it. @Raymunt it is in the works, and we feel that a two-Ringbows combo might be the new generation gamepad that also allows for hand-gesture and visual recognition interfaces. Haha @Raymund This is not too much. Thank you for sharing your excitement with us! **** BIG THANK YOU to all of our KickSTARS ! **** @Raymund SORRY, The dev kit is available through the Dev Kit and the Limited Edition tiers. You will get early access to the API if pledging for the Multiplayer @Raymund Yes, Pledge for the Multiplayer Kit - $100 @Varun Yes, This will include two Slate Black Ringbows Thank you guys, we are so excited! Can't believe only 2 hours have left for the project. @Clint Thanks for the note. In the next couple of days we'll send all backers a survey to fill their details, so either now or later works. Thanks for backing us! @Roy, @Mariano - Great, we've updates your order. Thanks for backing us! @Alex - Choose the Limited Edition tier and increase your pledge to include both. (For example: For a Limited Edition + A Slate Black you should pledge $195) You can contact us in private if you have further questions on the subject. @Alan Thank you! Good answers ! :) @Trippsterr No need for an email, we marked your order @Ryan Tan - Yes, please pledge $90 and we'll update your order. The $10 shipping cost will include both of the Ringbows you order. Thanks for backing us! You are welcome to contact us by mail for more details. @Charles You will be entitled for two family packs. We will confirm your order privately after receiving it. You are welcome to contact us by mail for more details. Thanks for backing us! @Angel - The Ringbow control-panel is built on the keyboard protocol of every platform, you'll be able to use it with a desktop computer or laptop. Of course, you'll be able to assign any commands to these keys with the dev-kits and the Ringbow control panel, Backers of the dev-kit tier will get the API much earlier, and be continuously updated on new versions of it (they will also receive our technical and creative support). @Susan THANK YOU !!! we are so excited. and of course a BIG THANK YOU to all of our backers ! @Greg you can increase your pledge and we'll mark your order. By the end of the project we'll also send all backers a form to fill their details and notes. @Ian The LED light is an indication of the ring's state. Ringbow includes 3 LED colors stating different modes. @Kristine of course, you can get as many stickers pack as you want. Thanks @Derek, it's so nice to have your here :) @Derek Perfect answer! Thanks ;) @Greg You can choose any color you want for the multiplayer pack! The first generation Ringbow is complementing the functionality of touch devices, designed especially to enhance mobile gaming and daily use. The most suitable input mechanism for that is a D-pad. Next generations of Ringbow will include additional or alternative means of input, such as a track point, capacitive touch sensors, motion tracking sensors, etc. With Kickstraters support we’ll be able to launch Ringbow and its next generations to the market. Good point Stefan -rest assured the Ringbow readily supports the iCade protocol, so any game that supports the iCade practically supports Ringbow! Zach - we will release the t-shirt design very soon. Thank you Stephen! We marked your request and will contact you with more details after the project ends. Hi Pablo and Malcolm, The current Ringbow model is the first of many generations to come. We've got so many ideas, tricks and technology opportunities up our sleeves. With next generations of the Ring, we'll be able to add different input technologies, whether gesture recognition, motion sensitivity, and so on, so an accelerometer is definitely possible and on our roadmap. We promise to keep you posted on future accelerometer implementation :) Hi all, Thanks again for supporting us. Ringbow will support iOS upon its launch. We're also putting much effort into completing the iOS API to make it available for developer backers as soon as possible. Hi Guys, Thank you for supporting us! We are updating the FAQs on the page by your questions here. Ringbow is an HID device. Currently it is designed to suport mobile platforms and we are working on support for PC environments. You'll be able to control it with powerpoint or any other software on your PC.