@Agent IQ, I don't see any problem with that. We capped it at 12 because that's where we felt like everyone was still very involved in the game. But if you have an experienced group, then you could in theory go up to any number of players. You could even do it with 1 copy of the game, but just give people 2 Tryal cards instead of 3. That would get you up to 18 players. @K.C. - One suggestion I use is to have players cover their tokens with their town hall cards. When the witches place the kill token they just move the town hall card, switch the token, and place the town hall card back. Witches can also nudge other town hall cards in case anyone is checking for movement. @Illusion Games, you can play as many red cards as you'd like on your turn. So you can play 7 on one player at a time if you'd like. The Robbery and Arson cards discourage stockpiling too many cards. @Jhonnatan @Abhishek, we'll be sending out international replacements soon. There are still a few trickling in. @Dylan, yes, we'll definitely take this into account for the next edition of the game and future games. Thanks for the feedback! @Trystan, we're working on one now! See here: <url>"better" than others. For players like yourself, feel free to use the Advanced Rules listed in the rules book. In the variation instead of passing Tryal cards to the left, you put them in the middle, shuffle, and deal them out for each Conspiracy. You can also add an extra Witch card. @Stephen, don't do anything unless the rules or cards say to. You don't start with cards, and Night happens whenever you draw the Night card. @Canada, glad to hear yours are showing up more and more! @Scott, you can flip over as many Tryal cards as you are able, on multiple players if you so choose. @Larry, thank you so much! @Vishnu, I don't understand your suggestion. In the game a "Night" happens every time you draw the Night card. The Night card is placed at the bottom of the deck whenever the deck runs out, but could be moved by Tituba's power. You're welcome to create variations to move the game faster if you so desire. Perhaps having a Night after each Conspiracy as well? @Christoph, currently there is not. @Todd, good catch :) @ipeefreeli, love the username. No tracking numbers, but Canadian games are arriving daily, so yours should be just around the corner. If you miss it somehow, we'll make sure you're taken care of. Oh and @Will, yes, we're actually creating and testing a new game right now! It's temporarily called "Management" and will be a basketball-themed game about building a dynasty. We're excited for it! @Matthew and @Will, thank you so much for your great reviews. We're thrilled that you love the game! @Illusion glad it arrived! @Steph, Canadian games are arriving daily, so yours should come soon. @Michael, that is correct. On page 1 of the rulebook in "Objective" for the Townspeople it says "Find and reveal the Tryal cards that say 'Witch'" Once you find the 1 or 2 witch cards the game is over. @Philip and @Emmanual, so glad that you guys are enjoying! And awesome job innovating to make the token movement even easier. We'd love your ratings/reviews on board game geek if you have a minute! <url>"If you have more than 8 players, it is recommended that instead of a Town Crier, you use a Moderator." So that's the easy solution. There are also some listed solution in the "Advanced Tips and Rules" section. You can put all Town Hall cards in the middle to represent players, make noise, or make the first person who dies the Moderator. Good question! @Snuffles, thank you so much! Your comment means so much to us, and really makes all of the work worth it. So glad it was a great experience for you! @Doc, so glad that you enjoyed the game!! Here are those answers: 1. The Black Cat is a blue card, so should be treated as a blue card and placed in the discard pile upon a player's death, as mentioned in the "Blue Cards" section of Nitty Gritties. 2. The alibi gets rid of 3 accusations from one other player (since you can never play a card that affects yourself). 3. I could see how the wording is tricky. This means discard a blue card that is already sitting in front of another player. Thanks for the questions! :) @Bob, there is no latch. And thanks :) @Phillip, we don't have control over their pricing. Also, Kickstarter orders were free shipping, which made them cheaper or equal to the highly discounted MM price. Sorry you're upset. @Jamie, yay! The cards are bridge sized. 57mm x 87mm. Make sure to get the smallest sleeves you can, since the cards are pretty snug. @Dargou, classic. Thanks for sharing that :) @Karen, I'll shoot you a message. @Ryan, glad to hear of another California. Looks like the extremities of the US are getting Salemified little by little! @Chris, we hope so! @Bob, I stand by what I said. We shipped all games to Kickstarter backers before we did anything else. The mail system is out of our control beyond that. Hope yours arrives soon! @Christoph, just take out the white paper in the box and rearrange the cards into a T-shape, with the hourglass on the side. It will fit with sleeves like that. @Lou, we considered an app but went with the tokens instead - maybe an app down the road if the Salem community continues to grow. @Mark, good catch. I'll see if I can fix that today so the discussion shows up on mobile. Thanks! @Rob, I believe so. We used bulk mail for your order so it's definitely the slower type. Hope it reaches you soon! Also, I lived in Alaska for a summer and it was incredible. Such a magical place! @Anyone still needing their game, shoot me a direct message and I'll see if your game has a tracking number. @Mark, we're excited to see what people come up with for those cards! Feel free to discuss any ideas on the "discussion" section of our website at facadegames.com @Scott, the whole reason behind placing the black cat at the beginning is to provide some type of clue for going after the witches. "who would put the black cat on sally? or would she put it on herself? etc. We found that it kind of helps get the game and accusations going. @Diversion, love the review!!!! Thanks! @Jamie, some of the orders are slower than others, but I'd expect yours this week if it hasn't come yet. @Alexandra, we didn't create rules for 2 players. We felt like it changed the game way too much. But, you're welcome to come up with something! I'll message you about the box. @Andrew, I'll shoot you a message. @Justin, see the "Black Cards" section in the Nitty Gritties. When you draw Conspiracy it counts as one of your 2 cards, and you can not play other cards in your hand on that turn. @Everyone, thanks for the excitement and kind words! We're thrilled to have you all have the game in your hands. It has been fun reading your reactions (example @ProfessorPlum) @Jonah, thanks :) @Scott, everyone's first turn is to draw two cards. The reason you don't start with the cards in hand is because you might draw the Conspiracy card right off the bat and pass Tryal cards. Good question. @Christoph I'll shoot you a direct message with any info I have on your shipment. @Bob, thank you for your feedback. I hope that you enjoy playing the game! @Bob, I'm sorry you are upset. As I've said, all games were shipped to Kickstarter backers before anything else was done. All Kickstarter games were taken care of as first priority. The games being sold in retailers are still on pre-order, as the retailers were shipped games only a couple days ago. Kickstarter backers will still get their games first. @Kim, very sorry that you're upset! As you know, we sent out the games a week ago, so yours should arrive soon. The games selling for $17.20 are being sold from a different vendor who has put a large holiday sale on it. The game retail price + shipping will rarely be cheaper than it was on Kickstarter (23-25 with free shipping). I really appreciate you helping to make Salem a possibility by backing on Kickstarter. Without backers like all of you, this game wouldn't have existed. @Everyone, so excited that the games are coming in and that you're enjoying playing!! @Tigertemprr, we're working on getting the gameplay vid back up. We might make a new one that looks a little better. @Christoph, all EU games have shipped so it should be soon. @Illusion, I'll shoot you a direct message. @All concerned people, anyone who ordered only 1 game was sent their package on Tuesday. Since we used bulk mail, tracking is not available. Please be patient, as these may take another few days before they arrive. If you want to verify which address these were sent to, shoot me a message. @K.C. - Good questions! Tituba can rearrange all the cards while looking at them, as to give her and her allies the good cards, etc. She can also move Night anywhere in the deck (especially if she's a witch and want to call someone ASAP). If a witch reveals their Witch card during confession...oops! It's happened in games. One reason why you should keep track of where your Tryal cards are ordered! @Michael, there were usually 5 of us working for 3-4 hours each night for 3 nights. But we had cookies and music and it was a good time. @Brad, US games are shipping out between today and Tuesday. @Laurent, the games going to Canada are shipping from Hong Kong. @CYLeung, should be within the week. @Carlos. Yes! They landed in LA. Should reach us in about a week, and then we'll send out! @Christoph, my fulfillment company in Hong Kong just finalized details. They should be shipping out this week, but I'll keep everyone updated. Hoping to beat the Christmas rush! @royce, you should be able to see your "Digital Rewards" by going to the survey in backerkit. I've already sent out the Print and Play versions, but let me know if you can't find it. @CYLeung, games left China this weekend! We should be able to ship out games in about a month. @Alan @Alvin thanks, we're excited too! @Jessica, I'll have an update soon. All printed materials have been printed, so we're just waiting on the plastic tokens to be manufactured. @Michael, we're still looking good for late October/early November. We can't wait either! @Nicholas, glad you're as psyched as we are! Getting closer. @Martin, glad you got to playtest with the Pnp! I appreciate your feedback. The game's in mass production, so we can't amend the rules for this version. In our play testing we liked where things were at with card numbers, but feel free to mess with numbers in your own game. Keep in mind that the ideal number of players is 7-9 as is the case for many social deception games. Also, make sure that people are taking unflipped cards during Conspiracy. @Bob, we sure hope so! It'll be cutting it close, but there's a chance we'll get them out before Halloween. @Laurent, sure thing. @Adrian and @Christoph, check your Backerkit links. You can change it there. @Alex, the gameplay vid is back up at <url>"advanced rules" section, that will hopefully tailor to the ones who are in the other boat. @Brent, we've actually play-tested the way that you described. You can certainly try playing that way, but we found that playing the cards in front of a player instead of a Tryal is good, since it gives incentives for a player to play the final accusation on a player, since they'll get to choose the Tryal to flip over. Your way also complicates moving cards around with Scapegoat, or taking Tryal cards during Conspiracy. Cool idea though! And like I said, you can certainly try that variation with your copy. @Christoph, great to have you on board! @Sien, we'll show you what the new $75K cards will look like soon. @Tye, that's a good idea. It's tricky to just order those extra cards not part of a set, but perhaps between our first and second editions we can order these cards and make them available for purchase on our website. @Joseph, Yes! They are a little snug, but if you use 56x87mm sleeves, then they fit! The cards are bridge size. Yeah, friends and family screaming "SHE'S A WITCH!!" at the top of their lungs have been our favorite play-testing moments so far. @Shauna, using a "Judge" is a really cool idea! I like that- choosing to move or forgive accusations during the Night. I'm really excited to see how people use that extra Tryal card. @Jessica, glad you're excited! It was always a bummer that I needed so many people for Werewolf/Mafia to make it fun, so Salem definitely aims to improve this. @Lucas @Sien @Zombitten, Thine advice hast been graciously received. Great ideas! @Lucas, that's actually a really incredible idea! We'll think about it :) @Drake, those are some of our favorite games as well, so we're sure that you'll love Salem too! @Shauana @Stephen @Sien, we got it!!! :) @xViability, if you have ordered at least one copy of the game, then if you add $5 to your pledge I'll also send the print-and-play version. See the "Add-ons" section for more info. Thanks! @Alan, great request. We'll see if we can get one up in the next few days. @Michael, yeah, hopefully we don't upset too many people with that :) We figured that that book title kind of fit with the terribleness/theme of the Witch Trials, so we left it. The bookstore we used (<url>"Advanced Tips." Also, since the faux book is pretty small, a cloth like that would not fit. However, I'd love to see someone create one for their own games! To make token movement less obvious: -Have each player place their Town Hall card in the middle, forming a small circle representative of the actual circle of players. The Witches and Constable can place tokens on these cards, rather than next to the actual player. -Make noise during the placement of tokens. One good way to do this is to have each player pat the table with their non-dominant hand, leaving the dominant hand to move tokens. Or, come up with your own house rules about making noise during Night rounds (ex. chanting in Latin, turning on creepy music, humming, etc.). -After the first player dies, let them become the Moderator, taking over the Town Crier’s duties. This keeps the dead player involved, and makes the movement of tokens easier. @Brandon, good question! In all our games of play-testing, this has never been an issue. Since Conspiracy only happens once per deck, and odds are very low that the Witch card will pass every time (1 in 5 to begin with, then 1 in 4, or 1 in 3), there has never been a time where this is a concern. Sometimes everyone becomes a witch, but by that time more than half of the players are already dead. Yes, the final person to become a Witch technically "wins", but they sure feel defeated since they'd been trying to hunt the other players the whole time. I've also found that the Witches or Non-Witches always have enough pride in their team to want to kill the other team as soon as possible. Finally, "cleansing" a Witch wouldn't work, since that Witch would already have information on who the other Witches were. Then once they were "good" again, they could just rat out the other witches right away. Thanks for the question! @Joshua, way to be! We played 4 incredible rounds over here yesterday. I'm getting so excited to get the game out to everyone! It's a blast. @Paolo, during the Night, the Witches must come to an agreement about where to place the one Kill token. Also, since the Witches are in different parts of the circle, they can usually reach just about anywhere. Also, as you can read in the "Set Up", we recommend that in games where there are a large amount of players you should use a Moderator. @Christine. Great question! We thought about this one a lot. Originally, we had players play the Save token just like the Kill token, face down. However, we felt that this way the Constable wasn't very influential at all. Much of the time, a person who was going to be Saved, would Confess anyways, essentially wasting the Save token. In the advanced rules, it mentions that if you want to increase difficulty, you can play with the Save token face down. Trust me, we've thought about it :) @Kevin, thanks for the feedback! As you probably saw, we're going with the tokens. It would be pretty sweet if you made an app as well! Keep us posted on that when the game comes out. We think we've solved the no-moderator issue pretty well with the tokens though. @Jacob @Stephen thanks for your excitement! We're psyched! @Mark, that's a really great idea! We'll think about it as an add-on. If we do it, it'll be up in a few days. @Nick, cool game! @Rin and @Drake, we're officially going to use tokens! Play testing has been awesome for it. I'll explain more and make the official announcement in an update once we hit $55K. @Xavier, sure thing! I'll send you a direct message. @Tom, I got some sleeves today in the mail to test them out. They are a little snug, but if you use 56x87mm sleeves, then they fit in the box! @Xavier @Bjorn, the box was made to fit the cards pretty snug so that they wouldn't move around much. Therefore, sleeved cards probably won't fit. However, if you turn the cards vertically and make one stack of cards, you can fit most of the cards, with sleeves, no problem. I've ordered a smaller sleeve that should come to my house soon. I'm testing out potential solutions, and I'll keep you posted! @Chris @Lucas @Jacob, we're about 90% sure we're going with tokens instead of the app. Testing is going well. I love the suspense they add as well, and the drama of turning over the Kill token. Thanks for the feedback! @Dana, that's probably my favorite comment so far :) @Robert, thanks! Cheers to you as well. @Nick you are making me hungry... @Phil & Alina, so funny story. Holly and I actually own a button-making machine and sell buttons here and there. Just a fun hobby. So, we have the machine and it's easy for us to pump out the buttons. There's been enough people interested to warrant creating the add-on for it. Just kind of a fun little thing. @Nick, our last couple of prototypes have used the 310gsm ivory core cards, and we really like the look, feel, and quality of them. We are considering increasing the card quality as a stretch goal, although the ivory core are already premium level. We've decided to keep the sand white, and there are no plans for adding more cards to the deck right now. We don't want to add too many ingredients to something that we think tastes pretty good already! Thanks for your questions! @Deanna, the Kickstarter funds we raise are going to be used to order several thousand copies of games. After filling the Kickstarter orders, games will be for sale on my website and in game stores. The stretch goal cards will be available in all versions, since we love the new artwork too much to restrict them :). However, games that are sold after our Kickstarter campaign ends will be more expensive, and won't offer free shipping. @John, good question! There is no certain time in the game where people re-arrange their cards. However, there are many opportunities to do so, especially when people are passing cards during Conspiracy, or when people are distracted on someone else's turn. The law basically means you can't switch your cards around during the Night when people's eyes are closed, or put your cards under the table and move them around. Players who get caught moving around their cards generally tend to arouse suspicion, since it looks like they're trying to hide something :) @Mark, I've added a picture of the buttons in "Add-Ons." If you add $4 to your pledge, I'll send you 8 buttons when the game ships. @Sien thanks for the feedback :) @Michael, yup, almost there!! @Lucas, testing is going well. We're still hammering out some kinks, but it's looking really good. @Jonah, it is similar to Werewolf in the fact that if you are killed you are no longer in the game. However, it is much easier to avoid an early death through confession and the Constable. Also, it is very rare for a player to die before the deck has gone through a full time, since each player has 3-5 Tryals. Also, in the moderator-less version, the first player to die becomes the narrator, and so gets to remain involved in the game. Great question! @Zombitten manufacturing will be in China, but there may be some assembly locally. I'll probably shoot out a message to people who are nearby and give them the option to pick up. @Tye, great point. We'll make the best decision for the game, whether it be the tokens or the app. Regardless, the $55K stretch goal solution will elegantly address the no-moderator issue. I really appreciate your feedback! I've thought of your points as well. @Michael, I really hope to have the game shipped by Halloween. That would be perfect! We'll ship them as soon as they are ready, and we're really hoping that we can get them out early. @Xavier, good feedback! We're going to keep the hourglass though. A couple character abilities also use it. And I like the feel it as. If we really like the tokens, it's possible that we'll replace the app with the tokens if we hit our stretch goal. @Christine that's what I read first as well :) Awesome. Currently, in my games without a moderator we've instructed people to keep tapping the table with their non-dominant hand, leaving one hand available to move stuff around. That has worked pretty well. But yeah, this is a rule that is certainly open for house rules. And @Dave, when your groups do the chant, please send me a video and I'll put it up on our websites :) The blank tokens is a pretty elegant solution! I'm testing it this weekend, and looking at how they'd fit in the box/how much they increase the cost. I'll keep you guys posted! And to clarify my comment below, the KILL and SAVE tokens would be played face down, to look like the other blank tokens. Also, the KILL and SAVE tokens would sit in the middle, where the Witches and Constable could grab them. After each night round, players would each grab a blank token, and place the KILL and SAVE tokens back in the middle. @Lucas, I actually LOVE the idea of everyone starting with a blank token, and then having the witches and then the constable replace tokens with a KILL and SAVE token. I love it. There's still the problem of noise, but besides that I haven't found a flaw yet. I love that it adds to the flavor/theme of the game. It also allows the Witches to "Kill" themselves, and then choose to confess before things are revealed. It also lets evil Constables (Constables who also have a Witch card) throw off the scent by choosing to "SAVE" a fellow witch and help clear their name. Mmmmmm. Wow. I'm going to playtest this idea tonight. If this works, it may be a more elegant solution than the moderator app. @Ed the only thing that could make that scene better is playing with someone with the last name "Grimm." Haha :) @Christine @Lucas @Andrew great thoughts. It's been awesome hearing all of this feedback! As you may have seen, we've now made a stretch goal for a Moderator-less app. The tokens are a great idea, which I'll keep thinking about. The main worry I have is that in placing all of those tokens it seems like it would be very easy to hear the Witches/Constable moving, since they'd basically have to get relatively close to everyone in the circle. One way to keep Confession, is to have everyone who wants to confess raise their hand before eyes are opened. At that point, witches have already placed the hourglass on the town hall card they want to kill (see Moderator Guide in the FAQ), but nobody knows if they've been killed yet. Then, if your arm is up when everyone opens their eyes, you flip over a Tryal card. If the hourglass is on your town hall card, then you don't die. In games without a moderator, remember that the Constable/Spy/Confession do start happening as soon as one person dies and becomes the moderator, which sometimes happens even before the first Night. So the issue is usually only there for one Night. We also felt this was a good way for the first dead person to stay involved in the game, as the moderator. I always hated being the first one killed in Mafia. @Joshua, thanks! I have a feeling that Utahns will love this :) Then the witches would be quite pleased with themselves, since right after Night happens, the only two cards in the new deck will be Conspiracy and Night. If nobody chose to draw cards for a while, and instead played all the cards in their hand, they could delay the next Conspiracy and Night. @URNMYWY, it was a good question. I'll post the response here for everyone else: It's actually part of the game to manage the deck. Since Conspiracy and Night are always discarded right away, the non-witches are incentivized to use their cards and get them in the discard pile. If they don't use them, then you're right, the deck will be very small, and Night and Conspiracy will happen often. The game was designed to be this way. It speeds up action and forces people to not sit on their cards. Unless of course you're a witch, then you'd want the deck to run out quickly and for people to not play cards. That way Nights happen quite often. Deck management is another facet of the game since the good side wants the deck big, and the bad side wants the deck small when it's re-shuffled. @Ed, good idea to have the PDFs as an add-on. I'll think about it tonight and let you know. And yes, we hope you'll play Salem for many Halloweens to come :) Thanks! @URNMYWY, We've thought that through. That can't work, because of 2 reasons. During the night, the Constable tries to save someone. When he opens his eyes and sees a token in front of someone, he'll know who to save. We want him to have to guess. Second reason, is when everyone opens their eyes they have the chance to "confess", or flip over one of their own Tryals in exchange for immunity from death. If they knew they weren't going to die (since the token wasn't in front of them), they obviously wouldn't confess. Thanks for the feedback, though! Let me know if that wasn't clear. @Eric @Andrew @Deanna, thanks for your excitement! And thank you for your feedback about the stretch goals. The last couple I've days I've gotten some great suggestions about what people want to see, and we've almost figured out which stretch goals we want to add. I'll keep you posted! @AdvanceStrat, bad luck for the witches. Play continues normally, and usually one of the witch cards will get passed during Conspiracy. But if one Witch card is found, that person dies, and with them the other Witch card. Great question! @Kyle, thanks for your input! I've been getting lots of feedback about this, and I'm racking my brain to see if it's something we want to include in the rulebook. Glad you love Salem! It's such a great game them, eh?! Hi Rory. Thanks for your comment! The demo video assumed that a narrator was standing by. Straight from the rulebook, here is the information about the moderator-less version: Optional: NO MODERATOR The player most familiar with the game of Salem will instruct the opening and closing of eyes, but will keep his eyes closed unless he is a Witch. At the beginning of the game (when Black Cat is laid), and during the night, the person instructing the opening and closing of eyes should count down from 20, giving witches time to place the hourglass near the victim’s Town Hall Card to indicate their intended target. To make this easier for the witches, all players should put their Town Hall cards near the middle, and make noise, or turn on music, to mask obvious movement. The first player to die becomes the moderator and follows the normal instructions listed. The Constable and Spy have no power until the first player dies and becomes the moderator. Confession also can not happen until a player has died and becomes the moderator. @Jay, no problem! I really appreciate the questions. @Aleah, thanks :) @Kevin, Huzzah indeed!! New stretch goal coming soon! @andrew, correct. You are spot on! @David, excellent suggestion! We've actually considered this point very closely, and even thought about doing it just as you described with placing the Tryal card in the middle and handing them back out randomly. However, we've found that the cards coming from the left adds some good elements. 1. It incentivizes the group to kill someone so that they can get information. If they kill someone who used to be a witch, it leads them closer to the witch card. It's like taking a step forward in the witch hunt. Without the extra knowledge/logic this rule provides, we found that it became very very hard for the townspeople to win. You even find yourself killing different sides of the circle of players so that you can narrow in on the witches. 2. It makes you pay more attention to the people next to you. For example, a witch may want to keep the person to their right healthy and alive, in case they soon join the witch team. It also incentivizes people to watch which positions Tryal cards are in, so they can decide which card they want to take from the person to their left, and track it across the circle. 3. By the time a witch without the witch card dies, usually there has already been more than one Conspiracy. Since you're hunting down the witch card, the witches to the dead witch's right begin a mind game of trying to throw the townspeople off the trail of the witch card, even to the point of making themselves look guilty to give the witch card more time. Needless to say, we have tested this rule a lot :) And we like where it is. All that being said, we actually are adding the version that you mentioned of putting the Tryal cards in the middle and re-distributing as an "advanced rule" that will be mentioned in the instruction book. That way, if people want an extra challenge (since it's harder to beat the witches doing it this way), they can play with this variation. @Kellan Thanks for the feedback! @Andrew, thanks so much! Still brainstorming on potential stretch goals. I probably won't add anything too significant, for the sake of not delaying the manufacturing. I appreciate your ideas! @Jay, great question! Did you see the 'Night' part of the video? In that stage the witches all see each other, and choose to eliminate someone. The witches also see each other when they place the Black Cat card at the beginning. A big part of the witches' advantage and deception comes from their extra knowledge about who each other are. The townspeople try to find the witches based on how people are acting, how people are treating each other (since the witches know each other), who they are playing cards on, whether witches themselves choose to confess, analyzing who was given the black cat and who was killed during the night and why, etc. Also, since the first law of Salem say that you can never play a card on yourself, the only way to play the game is with allies. You can't win the game without trusting someone else. So a lot of the game is about you individually choosing who to place your trust in. There's also an element of the shell game involved- if I am a witch, would I put my witch card closest to my neighbor or near the middle? Did I move the Tryal card from Conspiracy to a new location in front of me or keep it in the same spot? ------ In Mafia/Werewolves the only data points you have are how people are acting. In Salem, you have more data points to go off of, since you can analyze how people are acting, and what cards they are playing on who. There are more data points to go off of, and a hint of logic. Hope that answered your question! Love the SG ideas :) Yeah, I'll make sure that the stretch goals never delay the project at all. I'm very determined to beat our delivery date. That's why I'm not doing anything too fluffy in the rewards so far, and why I've already got the manufacturers ready to go. Just need to push go. I email them about every other day to keep them up to date and on board. @Terry in retrospect that is my one regret :) @Andrew, I know! Looks like I may have to come up with some new stretch goals since the original ones were too low. Good problem to have :) @Kevin, I was not planning on sending out a PDF to all backers, but I'll consider it. Awesome Avalon app! I love that game. I'm actually thinking about making a Moderator App for Salem, to simplify the game when people don't want a moderator. @Rabecca and @Bill, thanks so much! I really appreciate your help! @Alexandra, thank you! Currently, there isn't a 2-player variation, since it would change the nature of the game quite a bit. However, I've received a couple of other requests about this, so I'm racking my brain to come up with something. It will probably be a simpler form of the game that I'll include in the rulebook. Thanks for the feedback! Thanks Urutsini! I'll check out Bloodhound. We're excited to hear what you think of Salem! In terms of "bad witches," we've looked at it more as people doing anything they can to defend themselves, even ratting out and taking out other people. We're trying to capture the insanity that existed in Salem at the time. @Darren, gameplay video coming soon! Hopefully tomorrow night will be up. @Sien, the black cat card can be moved by other cards later in the game, so meeple won't work. Good idea though! I do have some expansions in mind, but they aren't developed enough to launch. Possibly future KS projects in those. Huzzah indeed! @Alexandre, that sounds like the absolute perfect place to play Salem. @Blake, it's true. Ashley will always be a witch! @Ethan, thanks for playing with us! You guys helped inspire some of the final touches. @Hasnul, The cards are probably a bit too snug in the box to be sleeved. But, you could turn the cards vertical and still fit most of the deck in one stack in the box. @Julia, the game is quite different. In fact, we weren't even aware of the other game called Salem until the mechanics, and design were already complete. Therefore, they developed completely independent of each other, and so our game can be compared to any other game out there just the same. All will have similarities and differences. In terms of the name, Salem is a fairly common city name, just as the witch trials are a popular theme to use. So we felt good about moving forward. Thanks for the question! @Marko, the cards are pretty sturdy. You can see a the quality in the cards at the 0:50 mark in the video with the Judge card. But you bring up a good point. Perhaps in future editions I'll use plastic cards. @Andrew, yeah, that's what we were going for. Whenever I'd play mafia it made me so sad that the people who got out right away didn't get to play :( In Salem, everyone is pretty much guaranteed to be alive for at least a while, so they have a fighting chance. Thanks for your comment, Sien! Because of yours, and the previous suggestions, I've added a note about the moderator under the "Rules" section. When placing the cards horizontally in the book, there is probably not quite enough room to add sleeves. The cards are being made in the highest-quality grain (310 gsm), however, so they should last a good long time. I'll test them with a sleeve and see what I can figure out. Glad you like the book case! Hi Andrew! Loved your comment. Social deduction games are my favorite too (obviously)! We tried to take the best aspects of some of the other ones we love and put them into this one, and "right some wrongs" from the other ones. In terms of the moderator, this game can be played both ways, with or without a moderator. You are correct that the moderator plays a small role when there is one, mostly during the night. Although the moderator is also instructed to maintain order, operate the hourglass, and enforce the 6 laws of Salem. In the no-moderator version, the first player who dies becomes the moderator, and before the first death there are ways around using the moderator. So, if someone in the group doesn't want to play, they can moderate. If everyone wants to play, not a problem! All is described completely in the rulebook. Let me know if you'd like to know any more specifics! Thanks Kevin! The book package is my favorite thing, too. Thank you for spreading the word, we really appreciate it! Thanks Hometown Boy! The packaging has been our favorite part. Helps it feel a bit more epic. Thanks Mike! Yeah, that was really important to us to do it in the book. Felt like it really made the game an experience. Thanks for the support!!