@Dubois I have also tried to contact him for a long time and he doesn't answer. :( feel free to email me directly and we can talk about next steps. Thanks Chris @Adam - Emailed you separately, however, just in case others are wondering... The Gripmat guy is nearly done with them... If you see their campaign, he sent an update recently where he describes the upgrade materials etc :) Hopefully you'll have that bad-boy soon! Chris @kris excellent news!!! So glad to hear you have your game!!! We really hope you enjoy! @james awesome news!!! All ks exclusive and extras are packed in the boxes, nothing is loose. Thanks, Chris @Terry Please email me directly <email> Feel free to send me a quick picture of everything you got so I can help! Thanks! Chris @Todd Woo Hoo! Please enjoy! Sounds like those models were ready to go on an Adventure! Chris @adam if it's too much longer, please email me so I can help you. Chris @adam the gripmat guy almost got them all in his possession... Its taken him quite a long time to get them... Id take a quick look at that Kickstarter to find when He's shipping. Thanks, Chris @stephen feel free to email me for any assistance, thanks, Chris @steve boom Excellent news sir! The Zombie pack is included with The Great Apocalypse pack and the outdoor pack (journey to the Tomb pack) is also in there ;) We really hope you enjoy the game! Chris @Stephen I am extremely glad to hear that you got it! Thank goodness! :) All other AU folks, please post when you get it! Chris @stephen please email me directly so I may research and assist you. <email> Thanks @Adam I'm literally on the phone with Shipnaked right now. They said that all of the orders should be on the way to you this week. I'm waiting for that confirmation from BT to know they shipped. However, I do not believe you'll get a tracking number. Also, just to confirm, we won't ever be using them to ship again (Blue Tounge) Please email me AS SOON as you get some SotLT in the mail! Thanks so much! Chris Hey Todd, This is the exact quote of the email I got from them on Monday: "The Packages are going out early this week Thanks" That's it. I'm waiting to hear back again from my email to hear when exactly they are going out. --Chris @adam I'm also extremely frustrated and infuriated by everything that has gone on with AU shipments... I will contact Aetherworks asap for all future shipments. Thanks so much for your help and the information! Chris Indeed, Please let me know as soon as someone gets something! Chris @Adam and Steve I just received word from Blue Tongue that shipments have begun as of yesterday and should all be out by the end of this weekend. Please let me know as soon as you get a tracking number or receive anything! Thank you! Chris After a long wait, we finally got an update from Blue Tongue Games for the Shipment for the AU Backers. I've sent out a direct email to you all. Just to post here, in case some of you don't get it, They said that all of your shipments should go out next week by the end of the week. Starting Monday, ending latest on Friday. I hope you all get your games soon! Chris Thanks Todd, I've been assured by ship naked that they emailed the Blue Tounge guys a couple times and we're all waiting for a response at this point. I really hope to hear back very soon! Chris @Todd I'm still waiting to hear from blue tongue. I emailed and called twice yesterday. I'm impatiently waiting to get a reply today. Sorry for the continued delay... Chris Hey Terry! ;) Hope all is well!!! :) Chris @dubois please email gripmat directly if you can :) They just put up an update fairly recently about new mats arriving :) AU guys, I just got an update from Shipnaked, They said blue tongue is on Christmas break and should return after new years... Ill let you know as soon as I hear from them. Thanks for your continued patience. Chris Adam, I found the same info, I'm continuing to push for info and shipping response. I don't know what the holiday season is like there but I hope they get to work asap. Chris @Adam I'm getting pretty annoyed that I haven't heard from Ship Naked's AU partner "Blue Tongue Games" yet... they're handling the shipping from within the AU. They have the games in their possession right now... now I just need them to ship out! I've been emailing daily... but no response. Ship Naked has also emailed, just waiting for the response... They have everything they need... They just need to ship them out... I'm working on this... I wish I could fly to the AU and make it happen ... As soon as I get a response from AU I'll let you know! Chris They have confirmed reciept of the goods, and inventoried it... Now we're just waiting for an exact delivery date... I've been emailing daily for the answer, in all honesty I'm Really pushing them, but they're really quite slow... I'm hoping to hear deliveries starting Monday! Ill definitely let everyone know for sure. I don't know why it's taking so long... Chris @adam I've emailed three times and did an address change for a backer. I'm waiting for an answer on when they're shipping. Thanks, Chris @Adam Me too! I wish you had it and I wish we could have been there!!! I hope to come down under in the future! Adam and other AU backers, I got an email last night from Ship Naked saying that (and they confirmed this) that finally, the shipment is on its way to the actual distributor to be shipped. I'm not exactly sure of the exact distance between customs and the distribution warehouse, but once it arrives, it should not take long to actually ship. I am going to email them daily to keep pushing till it's shipped and in your hands. I hope you can have it before Christmas, but I won't know until the first package goes out. Thanks so much for your amazing Patience AU backers! Chris @adam not fully no reply... They requested the Factory invoice info from us, which we promptly replied with, now waiting for reply on that for the past couple days... Ill keep you informed as new information comes in. Thanks, Chris @Adam On my daily crusade, I emailed gtg last night and they told me that they're processing the customs payment and that they turned over the responsibility to Shipnaked. My contact at Shipnaked emailed me last night as well and he's now working directly with the customs broker to get our stuff the heck out of there. I pressed for more information now waiting for a reply. Thanks Adam! Chris @Todd I agree with you 150%! We're daily pushing to get this through. I am going to email you all to give you the more detailed information right now as a direct email so you all know what's going on. Thanks for your patience and your comment. You're definitely not being Rude :) This is frustrating on all ends and very upsetting for us because all we want to do is get you your games ! We really are literally on top of them and we will be sending you more details right away via email now. Chris We're keeping on them. I was hoping to have a quicker response for you guys but because of the Thanksgiving Holiday we haven't heard back here. Hopefully Monday we should have more info for you. Thanks for your patience, Chris Hey Adam and Steve, Have you been receiving the direct emails I've been sending to Australian backers? At second glance Dan, your card concerns below I believe are all addressed in the FAQ / Errata Doc on BGG ;) Thanks ! Chris Hey Dan! Please email me directly for any part concens ;) I'll be more than happy to help in any way I can ! Thanks <email> Hi Dan! Here's a link to our FAQ doc here on BGG <url>"Two Large Missing Bits of Evidence" Bhahahahaha!!! Email me directly for any questions about potentially missing cards, because we've discovered a couple component number misprints. I can let you know right away if you have any suspicion just email me directly. <email> Thanks! Chris Paolo, It's going to be a little while longer before Tracking gets to Rome! Sit Tight on that! Zombie content Is exclusive to 1st printing which is a VERY limited Run! We printed 12 boxes of stuff all at once. We couldn't literally afford to separate the stuff into little Mini prints of random extras so we had to Logically box things together. If you Selected The Four Horseman and Men of Bad intentions, you'd be getting The Great Apocalypse and Ancient Myths and Legends Expansion boxes! (Which is awesome) Everything is on the way, but takes longer to get over to the EU, Add +1 Week at minimum to all EU shipments compared to US because Fedex and USPS is faster here. Thanks so much! Chris John GT: SO awesome you got all of your stuff!! :) I am unsure about the Hot water method with the Paint, however, it is very strong paint, so if you dont boil it too long it should be ok, but I'm really not sure about it, so perhaps a couple questions for google? For the ARM devices, I haven't heard any issues with their punching yet, please email me a pic so I can see what happend. Please email me directly with name address and email so I can check all records if you have anything missing... Keep in mind, in this 1st edition, there are a couple component number misprints. Core game has one I believe and atlantis also has one. They say more than they're supposed to, but feel free to email me and I'll let you know! :) Thanks so much for your support! Cant wait to hear about your adventures in the Tomb! Chris Thanks so much Roy for your Support! We couldn't have done it without you and the other backers! This happened because of you! :) Thanks so much! Chris Hey Robert, No new news other than it takes time to get overseas and then time to distribute around EU... Tracking doesn't come until it's in your actual country of origin and it's about to ship etc... Thanks! Chris @Backers Talking About Our Fulfillment Company (Greater Than Games) - We are definitely aware of this issue and we are extremely disappointed, let down, and well... other emotions I am not going to type in here... I agree with all of your assessments and comments and if was closer to their warehouse I would have gone there... but alas, they're in the Mid-west (St. Louis MO) so that's not possible... The project was more Epic then they were prepared to handle, even though they assured me it would be, it was just a bit higher on the Epicness Scale then they're used to... I am very sorry that your packages came in so beat-up etc... and I wish I had more control over it. Please know that I definitely will be keeping ALL of your feedback in mind and of course all of the issues in mind for all of our future projects!!! I will keep my eyes and ears open and I am in very close communication with them. I have already told them about the Tape issue as soon as I heard about it and they told me they have changed their Taping Method to the "Hand Tape Method" because apparently they were using a machine taper before... Not that any of that info helps you guys now... but I have been very closely monitoring everything and letting them know all feedback. Thanks so much for everyone letting me know about their packages and please email me directly if you need anything specific to you only. ( <email>) Thanks everyone for your patience and understanding! Chris Bryan, The Zombie Apocalypse is in the Great Apocalypse Expansion pack! See the last couple updates :) Thanks, Chris Hey David and Matt! We found that THIS Awesome Plano Tackle Box fits an Entire Glory Seeker in it! It's called "Plano Angled Tackle System" <url>#!distributors-and-retailers/c7q7 If you want me to let you know exactly what was in your pledge David, please email me directly and I'm happy to help you! Email me at <email> Thanks! Chris Lol Corey! NO, just Rip it open and Explore the Room Tile.. I mean... the box, maybe it's a Trap, maybe it's not! Good Luck! lol Lol You Guys! It could be a Carnivorous Scarab Swarm unleashed by Rhaz Azul'ahamet's curse of the Tomb caused by the packaged being Jostled around too much in transit! ROFL Hey Folks! Everything is moving along as shown in last night's update! As I said there, there's over 1000 shipments to go out so it will Take a few days for all shipments to go out. Stay tuned for that tracking :) Chris Lol Matt!!! Hey Adam, Steve, and Gaides, We were told by our warehouse that all shipping will begin (USA First) Starting this upcoming Monday the 17th! Thanks, Chris Awesome Kevin! That sounds great! I hope it makes it to you before you're off so you can get the game cracked open and punched and ready to play! Chris (Just a re-thought, You could use CLEAR Sleeves!) :) Also, Carlos, as a major Sidenote- Many of the cards are Double-sided! (All Creature Cards and Story Cards!) That's the majority of the cards! I highly recommend you check out the components when you get them and then decide what you want sleeves for after that! --Chris Hey Carlos! In the entire Glory Seeker Pledge there's Poker Size- 183 and Small size- 324. Let me know if you have any other questions! Thanks, Chris Hey Anthony! Thank you so much for your support and for your wonderful compliments!!! And David, thanks so much for the complements! We really work hard to give back to you backers and the gaming community! "Of the Gamer, by the Gamer, for the Gamer!" (That's our Company Motto!) Thanks so much David! It was a pleasure to meet you! So glad you had a chance to stop by! Omicron, it's about 18-20 Lbs!!! AHHHHH!!!!!!!! And yes... Gripmat is .... well... :( Thanks Kevin! We're really excited!!! Cant wait for you to get it! @ JKP: they are special versions of the special ops characters that come in the core game printed for GenCon. The meteorite sample was for the first 113 people who pre ordered here at GenCon! :) Let me know if you have any questions! Thanks for the comments!!!! @ JKP: No. We're only taking pre orders for future shipping. @ Stefan: thanks !! @ Stefan: lol ! We'd love to get to Essen in the future !!! @ Corey: thanks a lot!!! @ Steve Townsend: indeed !!! Excitement !!!! @ Anthony Gambatese: thanks for stopping by. However, I'm not sure if you came into the booth, because we have been quite busy. If you had you would have easily noticed that we only actually have the production air-shipped copies of the game and were only taking preorders in order to ship games to GenCon customers. Hey Steve! Everything is going to get prepped and shipped in August! Once everything arrives to our warehouse, which should happen over the course of the next week or so, then we will be able to formulate much more exact estimates for you! Thanks, Chris Absolutely!!! It's on a train to our warehouse now !!! ;) Hah! We cant wait either! :) Thanks for your Support Anthony!!! Can't wait for you to get your games! Hey Richard , All items are shipped at the same time !!!!! All items were manufactured at the same time and they're all in the shipping containers at the same time. That's one of the reasons for all the delays :) Thanks so much for your support !!! Chris Hey JKP, The Shipment is being prepared to get to the boat. Should be in the water very soon. As soon as I have the boat info, I'll definitely be posting a "ON THE BOAT!!!" Update! :) Another day or two should get the boat to shove off! Thanks a lot, Chris Hey David, For Gencon, we can not do Backer Pick-Up because the week before gencon, the prep for the packages are already going to be underway and we don't have the ability to pick and choose which goes where. Additionally, if we have product at gencon, it will only be a very limited amount. Hey Guys! The games are scheduled to be on the boat on the 20th (Guaranteed by our factory) We have scheduled that pick up and if all goes as planned, you'll be getting an update from me with that Glorious boat information update! Then the games will enter the USA, go to our Warehouse and fulfillment partner in the Mid-west, and begin fulfilling right after Gencon is over. We wanted to ship before GenCon, however, because of shipping overseas, we need to be realistic and our fulfillment partner will be at GenCon, so their entire Team won't be in the warehouse to help with the fulfillment. So, alas, the week after GenCon, shipping should begin! Thanks for your Comments! Chris Hey Steve! Production is nearly complete. Everything is being finalized and assembled (Meaning, boxes are being packed etc! We're nearly there! Another week and we should be on a boat! :) Full update coming soon! Thanks for your support! Chris Hey David, Sorry I didn't get a number of sleeves out to you yet... Ill try to get you a full count asap... Been very busy prepping keeping on the production. Chris Hey David, What do you mean by Card Sizes? We have the Poker Sized Card and the Mini-Sized Card... Do you want exact dimensions? And specific reason you're asking? Looking for sleeves or something? Thanks! Chris Hey Michelle! Yes absolutely ... Backerkit is still open for anyone to change their information in. I will also be emailing through backerkit to remind everyone to update their info about 6 weeks before shipping. Thanks! Chris Thanks for the Comments Guys!!! We've worked as hard as possible as a team of 2, with many many many late nights and cups of coffee... we even went to China to make sure this thing was going to be as great as possible! We thank you for your patience and at this point, know that we've done all we can... and now it's in the hands of the factory to complete the printing and then in the hands of the shipping company to get it here! There's nothing else we can do at this point but wait and get pumped up! We have some very cool news coming up to share about future things, but for now, know that we're focused on getting this thing fulfilled and in your hands as quickly as possible! Thanks so much! Chris Hey, Adam! Thanks for commenting! Currently, I haven't put out a new update because nothing really exciting is happening other than manufacturing is putting together all of the Dies for punchboards and preparing everything for print. All of their materials are coming in next week. All miniatures are going to be completed next week. And printing should be in Full Swing by next week. Our hard deadline is to have all product shipping from China by June 10th so it arrives here by July 10th so it ships to Backers and gets to Gencon in time for the show! :) That's Currently the full update that is ready so far! But other than that, everything is going well! The proofing process was quick and easy because there really weren't any errors in the proofs! (Thankfully! :) I'll be putting all of that into a Proper Update very soon... Hoping for a little more info to go with it first though :) --Thanks again! Chris Absolutely! Be assured, I'll do whatever it takes to make sure that gripmats don't hold up your games. Thanks Chris JkP Yes indeed you have teased us quite a bit... We did hear you and we Knew we had to speed things up as much as possible! Certainly, our highest priority was to make sure everything was playable and that the rules would do their job, teach you the game! Yes, we have found a couple small errors in this first printing and I'm sure a few more small things will pop up... However, as you've said in the past, we have to get this game printed... So we couldn't keep going back to fix small things... In future printings we hope to fix any minor errors that pop up... But for now, we had to push things along and get this project complete and printing so you can all get your games!!! :) Thanks Chris Scott and Adam! Yes... I have most of the update Loaded and Written in the KS System right now... Just getting the Rulebook Sized-Down for PDF Printable Easy Online WEB Access so I can share that... I'll be showing you guys Pics of Painted minis, sharing the Rulebook, and a quick update on Timeline. Thanks very much for your patience! Chris Hey Jake! Yes! I'll be sending out the Rulebook shortly... just have to Prep the file for regular at home printing and wait for file approval on BGG. But I'll definitely be sharing that file ASAP! Thanks very much! Chris Thanks Steve! We really appreciate your help with the process! :) Thanks Stefan! We're really excited too! :) Thanks Corey! Nearly there!!! :) Ok.. Uploading painted miniatures pics to drive. Should be ready for update tomorrow morning! :) Hey Jake! No major problem.... we just want to make sure all of the Symbols for attributes and other triggers/ adventure/misadventures etc... look great! :) Thanks! More soon! Chris Hey Everyone! Just a quick Comment Update: I'll be putting out a full update later today with more info and pics of the painted mini proofs! But really quickly: Got the Brightness Proofs, they're a bit darker than we'd like, we're making some tweaks and sending out all of the files for final proofs this weekend! Once all proofs are approved, all items will begin full production!!! More to come in full update later! Nearly there!!! Thanks! Chris Thanks Adam! Indeed we're nearly there! The home stretch is here!!! @J Young LOL! :P @JKP Once you take all the stuff out, you probably can squeeze everything into the Main SotLT Box, (Which will be rather large!) perhaps you may want to store your Miniatures separately though :) @Alessandro Absolutely! We're making 12 boxes each one a Masterpiece! :) I really look forward to you getting the product soon! Chris Hey Steve!!! Yes sir!!! We've compiled and applied all of the Proofreader's comments and suggestions.... doing a last few layouts and color brightness color proofs and waiting for them to be in the mail!!! (Hoping to see them Monday!) (Little Tweeks) We want to make sure everything is the right contrast before printing! (Not too dark.. not too bright!) Thanks for the Comment! Chris Hey JkP and Alessandro, I just sent in a brightness color proof. Waiting for them to send me an update on that so we know our colors are good before we do our full proof! Then mass production is next!!! Very excited!!! Thanks Chris Hey Tony! Yes indeed! The game will be going to print shortly... As soon as it does, I'll have a great idea as to the timeline and can then send out a full update on that.. But before that, we need to do a full proof print which I would like complete after the factory opens again next week!!! Thanks so much! Chris Hey Rebecca! Absolutely! If you want to ask me anything specific please send me a private message or email at <email> Jkp, As I said in my last update, Keep in mind that Chinese new year is still going on... Everything will print as soon as possible... Miniatures are all going ... If all goes smoothly, everything will be printed and on a boat soon!!! David, I don't have exact specifications on me right now... But two types of cards, poker size and small corey card size... Ill get better specs for you asap! Alessandro, Yes... We will make them available before shipping! Thanks Rad! We're getting there... To all: Happy Chinese New Year by the way! :) Hey Alessandro... Still in the process of finalizing some files... We're nearly ready to get all print proofs from the printer soon! (there's so many files!!!) Great news is (which I'll put in the next update) Punchboards layouts are complete.... They look so cool!!! All the rooms and Tokens!!! Lol there so many of them!!! Jake! Thank you so much for your very positive outlook and very powerful suggestions. I do really appreciate the way you said what you said and I'll be definitely be taking your advice. Thanks so much for your support! -Chris Hey Stefan! What I'm waiting on, to show you all in an update, are all of the Brand New Expansion Box Covers (which are really cool) and they were just finished. My artist will be sending me pics of those that I want to share with you all to give you a bit more of an insiders look at our progress. I'll go over where we currently are in the process and what the next steps are! My goal is to have something to show you folks when I put up an update.... Lots of things are happening here in the background, such as Final Editing, Compiling of the Suggestions from Proofreaders (which takes a lot of time) and final layouts of the Boxes (Miniature Boxes remaining) and final punchboard layouts. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and all of that is going to be discussed in detail in the next update, but I've been pushing it back in order to share some awesome progress shots with you all. Thanks for your comment and support! More info coming soon! (Hopefully I get those Pics tonight) But no matter what, I'm always here... ready to take your comments and emails/messages on Kickstarter Anytime at all! Thanks again! Chris Adrian, We completely agree... And I for one, have most certainly gotten a game that was impossible to play out of the box... (I've kickstarted over 100 projects) and nothing to me is more frustrating... So... I wouldn't do that to you! :) Thanks for your comment and support! Chris Thanks Steve! Your help and feedback is much appreciated and is going to good use! We are implementing all of those outstanding comments and suggestions towards the rules and components as I type this! We want this game to be great right out of the gate! What we Don't want is for you, the gamer, to need to do tons of google searches to find FAQ and Errata text to figure out how to play the game! :) We want to make sure it's the best it can be right away! It's what The Best Backers in the World deserve! :) Thanks so much again for your help Steve! -Chris Hey Dave! We've just finished the Proofing of the Cards, Rulebook, and the Room Tiles! I'm going over all of those notes and applying all of the edits where able. Were you on the Proofing Mailing List Dave? @Adam Thanks so much for the great supportive comment! We're going to be sending out a bunch of new info this weekend with the box cover artwork! So! Be excited! :) It's pretty darn thematic! @Alessandro Yes! We're almost done with the amazing Box Cover Artwork which I'd love to share with you all! This should happen this weekend! I'll put out an update then! (We're nearly there! :) Hey Richard and Dave, We're still completing the finalized boxes with all legal text and doing final layouts of the rulebook / scenario books for final proofing... So we're not printing yet... However, plastic production us already started and paid for... So as I've said in updates... we're in production already in that regard! Thanks so much for your support and patience! Chris @Omicron Thanks very much! About DoubleSix As a matter of fact, Matt reached out to me and I gave him a couple manufacturing recommendations that would serve him well. Your comments about him and his work I agree with 100%! Perfection is what he wants, however, China doesn't really do "Perfection" sadly. In order to make games for people, board games/tabletop games, we must be economical in this delicate low-profit margin world in order to keep a company alive. That's why we must use china... They can do amazing things... but never ever 100% Perfect. I recommended to him if he wants perfect, to contact Poland as well as Germany and advised him of some contacts there... I also gave him info on who to contact at My Manufacturer and others that I believe are reliable. My dice samples came out very nicely.. (no unevenness etc) However, it's expected out of 1000's of dice out of a mold, that some may have errors and minor issues.... nothing is perfect. I promise to keep my quality as high as possible, But I also promise to get this game to you as quickly as I can... As Mikey says from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles "Forgiveness is divine...but never pay full price for late pizza!" :) Thanks for the compliments and for your great support! We're working hard here and we can't wait to get this Epic Saga into your hands and hear what you think! -Chris @Omicron Let me put it this way... If for some reason, Gripmat can not deliver in time for my shipment of games, I most Certainly will not be delaying Shipment of Secrets of the Lost Tomb to wait for Gripmats to arrive :) I want you to have your games ASAP! :) So... Hopefully we'll get the Gripmats on time... but You'll get your games at a far higher priority than he's treating the mats. Thanks very much for keeping your eyes on the Updates for me.... I also am a backer of that Kickstarter... so I'm also watching them too! :) Thanks very much again for your support! Chris @Carlos Thanks for the backup on the comment! :) Omicron, No issues with Dice because we are producing our own dice, not having Matt produce our dice for us. We worked with him and did a cross-promo, but our dice are not "DoubleSix" dice... they're being made and produced by our own Manufacturer. Regarding Gripmat, I have been in touch with him, and he's printing our mats, but production is down for the holidays, so hopefully we'll have those knocked out soon. I know he'll be printing ours with priority. Thanks for the questions! Chris Scott, I responded to your 1 message that you sent me just 2 days ago. Please feel free to respond there, to keep your personal info private. Thanks, Chris Hey Jeffery! I have word from my Rules Layout artist that I should have a ready copy of the Rulebook for Proofing by tonight... That means, proofing can start New Years day! (As long as I get it tonight!) Then I'll be sending out emails tomorrow to all Chosen proofreaders to begin proofing with links to all assets and rulebook!!! Very excited to get started so we can get printed!!! Chris More pics will be coming soon... We will be having folks proofread and then the printing will begin! :) We're going to be sending out a Sign-Up form in a day or so to see who would like to be a part of the Proofreading team :) @Jeffery It's still being completed in final Layout graphics... It is near completion. Next steps for the Rules as well as the other Components that we're able to easily share, we'd like to ask for backer volunteers to take a close look at for final "eyes on" just before printing. This will happen very quickly. My next upcoming update will discuss this and I will be calling for a special list of volunteers for these purposes. It's going to be quite exciting... we take our rulebook very seriously so we really want to make sure it's excellent! Is this something you think you'd be interested in? Thanks, Chris @Jake See below to Stefan about updates.... We really want to give you guys lots of info in our updates, rather than give you 10 updates with small amounts of repetitive boring stuff... but to reassure you, we're nearly there! Just finishing the final edits and layouts of all graphics for the final printing process. With literally over 1000 components, this takes much more time then anyone could have estimated.... But we're almost there! :) Thanks so much for your patience! We hope to have those files approved, just as you said, before Christmas! Thanks so much again for your support! Chris @Joe Sent you a message! Thanks! Chris Hey Stefan! Everything is on track to get the files to the printer this month! We're planning on updating everyone with a Finished rulebook that everyone can take a look at prior to printing, hopefully this week! I've been trying to wait for the rulebook to come out so I can share that with everyone for the update... if it's not done in another day or so (waiting on our layout artist to complete it) then I'll just update with regular news, letting everyone know where we're at in the process! Thanks very much for your comment! We really appreciate your support and patience! Chris Hey Scott! Thanks for the comment! We're certainly not doing anything shady or weird here... This is just a giant project! We're also not here to admonish anyone or scold anyone for anything ever! We're here to make great games and make people smile... We want you to be happy with Secrets of the Lost Tomb! That's our goal and we're doing all we can in our power to make that happen! Thanks so much for your patience and support! Chris @alessandro I explained in the last update that were in schedule to print in December. Printing and shipping will take a couple months... I recommend checking out the last couple updates for more specific info. We will be sending out another update very soon! Things are going great! Thanks very much for your support and patience! Chris Yes indeed... Behind yes... But thankfully we're making great progress! Glory Seeker will probably weigh about 20 lbs lol @Alessandro I hear ya! Kickstarter went up last Black Friday, and we really wanted this to be out months ago, but as I said in the updates, we had some major underestimation and now we're making good by it to make sure it's the best it can be! Now that it's the best it can be, we need to get it ready to print! :) Thanks so much for your support and patience! Hey Guys! Fear Not! I Literally just opened a box of mini samples (Plastic Minis) First Samples... so... I'll be sending out an update Very Shortly! I'll be updating our timeline and letting you know where we're at! We're making amazing Progress! Really looking forward to sharing the news and showing the minis to you all! Thanks so much for your support!!! @Steve Thanks very much for your faith and support! We're making progress! :) Can't wait for you to have this game!!! @Rick Great idea! I'll send an email over to my Manufacturer ASAP! I probably will be able to get something this week! Pics of the Molds would be great! @Neil Thanks for the comment! As you can see... I am not just a project creator... I'm also a Backer... And as a Backer (of 84 Projects) I agree with your statement. I've received a few of the projects that I've backed so far... but quite a few have been delayed far beyond their original date and others I've heard nothing from them at all. And as I see this, we learn... we look and watch and pay close attention to what goes on. We want to make sure that we don't fall into any pitfalls or traps that hurt the project. We're taking the precautions and time necessary to do the Right thing... rather than the Cheap or Slapped together with Duct Tape thing. We have indeed learned a lot along the way since the end of this kickstarter last year! There will be an update very soon! :) We've got some nice new pictures with all of the new Minis and we have some news about pacing and the project timeline etc... and as I've said, the Production of the Minis has already begun. Making a game is very hard work and very time consuming if it's going to be done right. We're staying positive and pushing forward every day! :) Thanks so much for your support! @Joe Yes sir! I certainly have indeed read the new updated Kickstarter Terms of Service! Thanks so much for posting them here! It's nice to see! We are definitely abiding by those terms and will continue to do so! There is an important update coming soon as we have just today received in the mail the Sculpted proofs of the Miniatures as well as the physical Dice! Very exciting! Also there will be some more news about the First mold that has just been completed and we should have REAL Molded samples very soon! We're also making huge headway in the Layouts and Asset preparation for Printing Area! And all that will be organized and discussed in the next upcoming update (probably later today after I can take some nice pics of the dice and minis etc... ) We will also discuss other important topics about the road-map in which we are following and how we're getting there to paint a clear picture of what's going on! :) So! Have no fear, an Update with progress and news is coming soon! Thanks for your continued support Joe! @Scott Translation of a re-translation if there are any more delays... Which right now are not foreseen, then we will certainly let you know about them as soon as we know ;) @Kevin Absolutely, I totally agree! For our first project ever, with tons of content, it was certainly very difficult to assess what our release date could be. If core game was all we were releasing, with no Minis, and no special Expansion Packs etc... we would definitely already have had the game to you all! However, as you all know, this project went way far and beyond the original estimate and caused us to create, from scratch, tons of new content, and it also inspired us to upgrade almost 90% of the artwork in the game. ... It all takes time of course, and we don't want to just slap it together and ship you something that will sit on your shelf and never get played. We want to send you something that is well worth your patience, funding, and great support! :) So, we thank you again for your great suggestions and we look forward to updating you very soon on the progress! :) @Michael Thanks very much for the Support and the Suggestions! We certainly would update you all as soon as possible and if we do anticipate any delays to date we will certainly be up front about them. However, I don't find it prudent to throw out dates or times that are random or unrealistic. Right now, as we've said in the updates, the Molds for Miniatures are being created. The first mold tests are about to begin in about 5 days. So we will be showing some Miniatures asap! As we get closer to Printing the game, we will then know a bit more about our timeline and then we can give a ship time update! We want this game out as soon as possible. :) Thanks again for smart suggestions! @Joe We understand your frustration and we really are working hard to get the game out by November as we discussed in our last update. We hope you enjoy the game and we really appreciate your support in the Early Bird Adventurer Level. If you have any other questions or concerns, I'm always here to help! Thanks so much for your continued patience with the publishing process, it may seem daunting, and that's because it's a huge epic project, with many moving parts, so we really do appreciate your feedback and motivating comments. @Joe Hey! Thanks for your comment and for your honesty! We certainly appreciate all feedback and suggestions! We're a two man team working every single day to get this game completed as soon as possible. We did the best we could to anticipate the completion date for the original kickstarter, however, because of the amazing success of it, we had so many extra stretch goals that we had to complete it basically took the original Core Set Adventurer Pledge (Your Pledge the Core Game, an already huge and Epic Sized Board Game) and added on many many more adventure packs and expansion packs into the mix. What does that mean? That means we needed to create, get art for, playtest, and perfect those components. We most certainly would love to have had the game released back in May and we wish we could have it released tomorrow, and certainly other kickstarters have fulfilled before we have, however, most kickstarters are not nearly the Size and Breadth of this project is. This is not an excuse, but rather the justification for more time needed to complete. All items are created and promised together, So, yes could we slap everything together and not have upgraded and added in the artwork needed, and could we have not gotten the rulebook edited, and not playtested the scenarios, and basically thrown it into the printing process and shipped it out and basically sent you all an unfinished product? Sure! However, we will not send out an imperfect product and we will not send you a less-than-epic game! We're two guys and a dream.... we're not Games Workshop or Fantasy Flight Games, or Wizards of the Coast... we're Everything Epic! And we work on this project daily and use all of our free time on this project. We send updates as soon as we have new and engaging information to share. Hopefully you'll be able to be patient and you'll be able to wait just a bit longer for the best possible game you can get. I know you only got the core game and I know you only have backed 3 things, and you may have already received the other two games already.... but when I took a look at those projects, they're certainly not comparable to this project. So, to sum up, I really once again appreciate your honest feedback and I look forward to shipping a great game out to you as soon as possible! @James Yes indeed! There is already an option Built in to that Kickstarter! Please go to the $10 Level and pledge exactly what you already said :) $100 ... Check it out in the $10 level! And remember, you get all minis from Stretch Goals HERE in THIS KS and the NEW KS too! :) @Martin Tomb Raider only comes with the Core Character Miniatures Pack. The Base game comes with the Core Minis Pack which is 15 Adventurer Character Minis! The new campaign completes the Glory Seeker Pledge from this campaign and adds the additional unfunded minis onto the campaign and also adds the Pre-Painted option on! :) Thanks for your question! @dave lol... Did someone fat finger the date? Hahaha! I like that... No sir! No fat finger... Only an estimate that did not account for astounding success in Stretch goals and massive extra content! We've upgraded the entire game and overhauled the whole thing with tons of new artwork and upgraded content... (which takes time but is well worth it) Molds are working now, we're competing the art templates and components and preparing to print everything! The layouts for rulebook almost complete and I'll be sharing that soon! ;) November is still our goal! Thanks for the comment and support! -Chris @Astral I'll try to get some pics of our company's painted model resume and also hopefully have real painted models ASAP! @Jerry We're pushing for before your Bday! :) But it will certainly be an awesome BDay Gift to yourself though!! :) @Bill and Thorbolt Hey! In updates we explain that all of the Stretch Goals and Upgrades to artwork that were needed caused extended creation time, Also time for Editing of the Rulebook and Scenario Books also takes time. We're in the middle of miniature molding while all other cards and items are being prepped for print! The new estimated delivery is November. Thanks so much for your questions and comments! @Edmund that's a Great Suggestion and we will look into the Easiest way to provide that for everyone.... We're working on that as we speak to make as much happen, within our deadline, as possible! Thanks so much for the suggestions! @Jerry That's all done! We totally hear ya and really appreciate any support you're giving! It's all optional and much appreciated! Thanks so much! You'll be getting a big progress update soon! @Patrick Yes indeed! You'll be hearing a bunch of new info very shortly! @Astral We address all that in an Update, however, I will certainly go back and do another Update and do it up really nice! :) We definitely have some awesome new progress to share!!! @Paolo Yes Indeed! Zombie Versions will be in the Game! And they will be VERY COOL! (Sorry for Late response!) <url>"Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, and For the Gamer" and What I've observed and what's been communicated directly to me, by many fans, is that they wanted to see the completed miniatures set done in order to have the dream fully realized. It's certainly not about pan-handling... it's not adding on any more delays... it's all about achieving a completed product. We're trying our best to complete everything in a timely manner, and as we've candidly told everyone in our updates, we had tons of stretch goals to complete... we got over 200 percent funded, therefore, with all of those stretch goals, tons of scenarios, characters, room tiles, lots and lots of content... we had to complete it, playtest it, and make sure it was the best possible product so that when we do have everything made and manufactured, those shiny games that arrive at your doorstep, put an Epic smile on your face. I am sorry that you're disappointed. I hope you can be just a bit more patient .... in just a short couple months you should have Secrets of the Lost Tomb to you! Thanks so much for your support! We at Everything Epic Games are working hard, every single day, to make this the best game it can be. -Chris Batarlis Hey Terry, The intentions are to have best paint we can for the budget we have! However, currently, we're unsure of our max budget (I.E. Kickstarter Funding) that's why it's tough to know exactly the best we can afford just yet... Our intentions are to do Good amount of Colors and a wash as well.... However, as I said... no way to know our full best budget yet... the better the Kickstarter goes, the more painting budget we will have :) Thanks for the question! Update Incoming! @rad yes indeed!! Being an original Glory Seeker, all we ask is that you Spread the Word! Thank you so much for your support!!! Hey Everyone.... Just wanted to share a Podcast where "Not Just Another Gaming Podcast" discussed Secrets of the Lost Tomb and the Upcoming Kickstarter! :) Check it out! Episode 51 (about 25 mins in) <url>"You've Found The Piece of the Artifact You Were Looking For" Chris Is Happy! (And So Forth! ...) This will help progress the story and keep replay value UP because it game play order will change depending on what you find and where in the Tomb... If a Specific TILE must be found in the Tomb... there will be a Unique Game Trigger that will Spawn the Tile.... I.E. "Search the Tile Stack for "The Room Tile In Question" and Place it on the "Level Needed" according to the Theme of the Scenario... We did not make this Tedious... we strive to make this AS FUN and Fast Paced as Possible!!! I hope that Helps!!! Thanks for your Comment and for your Support and Help!! Chris Awesome New Update Coming Soon! Also dont forget to check out Raiders of the Lost Tomb the Micro Game on Kickstarter Now! : ) <url>"One If by Land, Two if by Sea" ... You'll see... heh heh... I dont wanna ruin too much with spoilers though.... :) Hey Matt! Thanks for the Suggestion on the Game Salute Meter tracking system... it's cute! It's tough to tell what the accuracy is truly, but it's a neat visual! There are only Two Character Miniatures that from the beginning of the campaign we discussed that the Miniatures were all going to be included in the Wave 1 Miniature Set. However, keep in mind, as we've discussed previously, we're working on doing the "Secrets of the Lost Tomb" Miniatures game Kickstarter as well, which will be a huge proponent to change.... and the Major change would be how the Miniatures are oriented! If we are able to make all of the Minis as we originally wanted to, then it makes TOTAL Sense to package the Minis with each expansion pack that they belong with.... I.E. 2 Characters and the 2 Boss Monsters in Each Expansion! (OR, do Character Mini Sets and Monster Mini Sets Separately) But currently for us, it's not a smart packaging and logistics direction to have so many separate packages, or to put Minis in One expansion and not the others.... it's better for us to include them with the Wave 1 Pack for now, until we see if we can raise the funds to create the other Moulds for the rest of the Miniatures... like all 8 of the other characters as well as the other Boss monsters... 4 horsemen of the apocalypse etc! So, long story short, the decision is not Final, however, with our current project, before we are able to promise the rest of the miniatures are to be made, we are "Planning it out" this way... if our Kickstarter to complete the Miniature Set and Release the miniature game rules is successful, then we will be able to change the logistics of packaging, (which will make everything easier) and make things a bit more logical in the end! I hope you understand that these decisions come from the standpoint of Small Business Logistics and that we are not yet Wizards of the Coast or Fantasy Flight Games... so we need to do things a certain way to stay in business :) @BackerKit... I'll tell ya Backers... We honestly are Almost Done... we just have SO MANY ADD-ONS that we needed to Add that it really is time consuming to go through ad create SKU's etc for each item.... But we're in Final Edit and Review, so the BackerKit should be up soon... we're just checking to make sure everything is there and available to All Backers!!! Thanks so much for your patience! Chris Hey Matt! No Problem!!! The Men of Bad Intentions Pack comes with the Two Adventures, the Two Room Tiles, applicable Cards, and Characters... All Boss Monster Minis, and "Stretch Goal Character/Boss Minis" are all Included in One Pack ... the Boss Monster Wave 1 Pack. You'll see it in the Backerkit as an Add-On :) There are some Really Awesome Minis that come in the pack! :) Thanks so much!!! Let me know if you have any other questions! Chris Yeah a certainly interesting idea for sure! I'd love to give you folks any sort of info that would make you all feel engaged and happy with progress! :) We certainly making lots of progress and working very hard! :) (I.E. not on vacation or at beach... LOL.. it's like -10 degrees here in NJ ) Absolutely Jake... Glad to hear from you! I'm here if ya need me! Hey Jake: Art To be Completed we've got about 30% more art to complete approx. including Rulebook Layouts... Scenario Script layouts, Tiles, Character Art/and 3D art ETC.. Interlocking Tile System: We're working on a couple different Prototypes for those... We're trying our best to make sure we dont take away from the inner tile artwork... this is a high priority to us for sure! We'll try to share when we have a couple of completed versions! And Right now we're looking at Germany and China.... USA is pretty much impossible... unless you're doing a Strict Card game or if your Quantity is SUPER High... but still... it's practically impossible to do Miniatures and Plastic Pieces etc... in US... because of Labor Costs mostly... :( It's sad... because I'd love to print here... but Alas... we can't do it just yet... The Update is Posted DB :) You dont have to Imagine the Worst anymore! --Chris Hey DB! I wish I was on a beach dude! :( We are in SUPER Snow Land here in NJ!!!! And yes indeed... Working our Butts off on this project! I was literally just "Rounding up Some NEW ARTWORK to show off to you guys when I got your Comment!!!" We're not Worried at all! I was on the Phone with BackerKit today working out some Final Details ... because there are Lots of Folks who want to Upgrade their pledge levels so I want to make sure that will be Possible for them! I'll post another Cool Update in a Few Mins and Share some new Awesome Artwork with ya'll!! :) I mean, you are the Best Backers in the World.... RIGHT? :) Lol Astral.... Remember it's a 3 inch tile... Things are different when you shrink it down... Try zooming out on your computer screen lol... Here's the Update on the Pharoah's Way Tile guys! <url>"Storyline" which we're currently in production with (Secrets of the Lost Tomb Stories etc..." You'll find out (and some of this will be in the RuleBook etc... for Flavor Etc...) But the TOMB is a part of a Rift in the Space/Time Continuum and what the Eternal Order of Perseus is trying to do is Repair that Rift... Every 113 years there's another rift and another major Power that must be dealt with to repair one of the 113 Rifts in Space Time... Therefore once all of the Rifts have been repaired, the Tomb will no longer Move from Reality to Reality, from Time to Time... Dimension to Dimension.... What I'm trying to say by giving you a little bit about how the Tomb works in our World is that you could potentially (and we can put an ORDER SYSTEM on it) play each adventure in a Campaign Mode so you could literally play one after the other where the Tomb "Re-Sets" and the Adventurers have to go back in and solve a New Mystery and Deal with a New Catastrophe. (we can make an optional rule for this... where you can basically keep all of your items and stats etc... so you can progress through the game in a balanced way... This could be something we could potentially add in as a Short Optional Rule (of course House Rules can always apply... but we have some ideas on this and may add them to the rules) Thanks for your very cool and interesting comment! Chris Hey Matt! Yes indeed that's a good point out... However... the Good News is.. there's no "Green" Search token.. only Yellow, Red, and "Broken Magnifying Glass" for Empty... Yellow is brighter than the red... so should be distinguishable between red and yellow...(Green Rooms turn Yellow, then Red, the Empty... Yellow turns Red, then Empty... an Red just turns Empty.... So It shouldn't be too much of a problem! :) Thanks for pointing it out though... and please feel free to let us know of ANYTHING at all that may come to mind about anything! We're all ears! :) @James I definitely understand what you're saying... But there are certainly a lot of backers who would prefer the Minis and there's no way to do an "Either / Or" However, we have some plans for some ways for you to potentially get those other adventures AND also get some more Minis (If you're a mini lover) So, we're currently working on those plans and we will have them revealed very soon! Thanks for the comment! Yep! Same answer applies! Once the survey is sent out, you'll be in good shape! :) Hey Matt! Yes! You will have another great opportunity to add-on whatever you want to later in the "BackerKit" survey! (It will be some time before we send it out though! ) Thanks! @Thorbolt! Thanks so much! Cant wait for you to get it either! :) @Rad MUAHAHAHAAAA.... The Tomb is Calling you.... Drawing you in to It's Clutches! Gwa Hahaha! I guess we'll see you in about... One Hundred and Thirteen Years! hahahaHAAAHAHAH Thanks so much everyone! You guys are Awesomely great! Your comments make me smile! Now we gotta get you the game so you can all smile too!!! ;) Ok Guys! Amazing Job! (I'm hopping into my Sarcophagus now... i've got a bad cold) But I'll be on comments and email tomorrow again.... ask me anything! (email/message if long... comment if quick!) Don't forget to Like us on Facebook! <url>"Cup") Is just an example of one of them.... these artworks are still being prepared! Every Artifact will be Unique! :) Thanks for the Question! Paul and other Backers... Ill tell you right now... I will make sure backers get their games First before general retail and distribution... I don't think that it's right for you the backers to not get the games first... I've had some kickstarter games I've backed that hit retail before I got it... I was not happy. So i dont want that to happen to our backers... ;) you deserve to feel special! @paolo yes indeed!!! Endless replayability!!! ;) @daniel yes it is a great day!!! We can do this!!! We might get close to the 125k!!! It could happen! :) @cody and Sean yes... Vault of Perseus (included in Glory seeker) or as an add on Hey Mrs. Howard If you're in the US you don't have to worry about the extra shipping we will ship in the same box. If you're international and you want to ship extra dice... No problem... You add the Shipping once ... But we're not going to rip you backers off for shipping :) so I hope that helps your question! (the extra shipping that is on the dice was mostly to emulate what Doublesix had on their kickstarter in case people only wanted to add dice alone... But extra shipping should not be an issue on the dice anymore. ;) Lol sorry... We just want to make sure it's worked out properly for the best for you backers!!! ;) Wave 2 will have monsters and Characters ;) (for the time being) Thanka Stevhen! If we end up making a wave 2 (If we get 6 or more Stretch Goal minis) wave 2 will be the same as wave 1 this will be on the backerkit survey where you can do that add on later. We will keep you very informed have no fear!! We will take care of you! The adventure pack comes with the cards etc.. The minis are separate The point would be to use another cool symbol that is not the **** symbol that has the same thematic feel but more of a special force... Special division kind of thing... @german general talk here's our idea for revision... And it would be "inspired by" not a copy of... Lol<url>"Men of Bad Intentions" Character Minis!!! Great Job! @Adam... Oh Boy! It's going to certainly be a fun time making the best box! It's certainly a gamer pet peeve of mine to have a good box design! So our goal will be to make a box that is not a waste of cardboard etc... but a worthwhile put together box with useful compartments etc! (If we dont have useful compartments... at least large enough ziplock bags to keep everything in nicely so it doesn't go everywhere! ;) @Martin The Wave 1 Boss Minis are just that.... However the wave 1 contents may change..(depending on how many stretch goals we can hit in these final 8 hours! :) There may end up being a Wave 2! :) And I hope there is... because that would also mean we hit the Excalibur Stretch Goal too! ;) @Rad Thanks so much for helping out with Comments! :) Much appreciated! @Sandeep... Artist is working on it now! When it's ready.. I'll send out the update! :) @Paolo It depends on how much you add on.... If you add more than 1 adventure pack or multiple Core Games.. you have to pay extra shipping. Sorry for the delayed answer! :) You Guys are the Best!!! I knew you could do it! :) @Jake Thanks so much for joining in on our Glory Seeking Adventure! :) We appreciate your support! We feel Lucky to have your Backing! :) @Tom LOL! (now the work begins? haha) The Amazing Journey Continues! We are on this quest and we are not giving up or giving in! :) @TheMetalDiceGuy Thanks so much for your undying support! :) Everything Epic Indeed!!!! @Rad ROFL yeah.. They start placing on your character and then practically on your drink.... then lol.... it can be funny ... but interlocking will help some of the potential goofy headache :) @Robert Thanks so much for the kind words! We're trying the best we can! Thanks for noticing and for sticking with us :) Your faith is much appreciated! @Robert! Dont worry about it! I'm here for your questions and concerns always! We are making this game so that you enjoy it! So we want to hear all questions so we can make sure we get all the feedback we need to make this awesome! :) We want you guys involved! Thanks for your support! Ok Backers! We're only a little under 800 away from the Wave 1 Minis! Let's Get There! :) @Rad Indeed! It's great when you want to re-adjust ... you just slide half the tomb around with one hand! I love it! ;) @Neil Day We have hit the Interlocking Goal!!! So we have the upgraded Materials! Heavier Punch Cardboard, Linenized Finish and Highest Quality Printing! This should help with wear and tear!!! We will make sure the components are highest quality that we can make! We wont let you down! :) @Stevhen They are currently Unpainted Minis :) So you can paint them to your heart's delight! :) @Robert and Espen: RE Interlocking... We are going to do our best to make the interlocking tiles work very well, not be too tight, or too loose... we are, as I said before, trying to make interlocking parts that don't look ugly or jut out too much.... :) But they must be uniform on all sides! :) @Martin Thanks! We wont let you down! :) @Greatlich Right On! :) We can do this! Amazing things can happen here! They've been happening the entire campaign because of you Backers! @Kevin Dusi Thank you so much! :) I cant wait for you to get the game! :) @Espen Those are Very good Suggestions! I am still working out the best possible ways to ship and Fulfill multiple game orders with the best possible pricing for retailers! I am in contact with some and I will certainly take it into consideration when deciding what to do in regard to stretch goals! :) (thanks for mentioning it!) The interlocking Tiles Picture is only a Sample image so you'll know what it's supposed to be like... We're actually play-testing and working on more than one design to have the most optimal and most thematic Interlock so they look as Pretty as they can! :) Esthetics and Continuity mean a great deal to us at EEG and we really want to make sure that whatever we do is the best it can be ! Thanks so much for the kind words and thank you very much for joining our Adventure! :) Very happy to have you! Chris @Omicron !! Thank you so much for your Kind Words! :) This is our First Kickstarter and our First Board Game! So we are very proud and very grateful for so many amazing people who have backed us and put their faith and trust in us to deliver an amazing product! Thanks so much for joining our adventure! So glad you are on board! --Chris @Dj Grandpa! Hey! Great to See ya here! :) @Greatlich and Omicron: I am totally happy that everyone's as excited as us about potential new Adventure Packs! :) We certainly love them as well! We've only got 36 Hours left... But I will certainly see how well we do! I cant make any promises right now... but we might surprise you with our generosity :) @Greatlich Thanks! :) @Neil Thanks for the vote of Confidence! :) @Brandon Hey! Yes indeed we have a few different directions we can go in....which we will Narrow Down and then we will let you Backers Know! But as you know, It can certainly be tough to assess that until after the Kickstarter is complete because we don't know exactly where we'll be at the end so we can't get a good estimate on Cost of Mini creation (which is one of the most expensive parts about any project :) But we certainly have quite a few different directions to go in! (Just as a tidbit and a little potential spoiler... we have some ideas about "pre-painted minis" ... But nothing is definite yet... just something we're looking into!) Thanks for the question! Thanks so much Sean! I really appreciate your support! :) Ok Guys! Just wanna Let you Know...It's very Late and I have to Go Down into the Tomb and lay down in my Sarcophagus AKA go to bed... ! (LOL) So... if you have any questions... please feel free to Email me (or comment) and I will DEFINITELY respond first thing (approx 8 am) tomorrow morning! .... Have a Wonderful Night backers! You're the Best Backers in the World! :) @Sean Yes Indeed! If all goes well with Molding.... They will look fairly similar (probably even better) than what you see in the Sample pics! :) Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. <url>"Managing your Pledge" OR you can wait till later in the BackerKit Survey and add it on later and pay for it later in the survey. If you add it on now, the excess money becomes "BackerKit Store Credit" So you can basically pick any items you want later! So the answer is ... Now OR Later :) Thanks for your Support and for your Question! :) @Howard you could add those dice... However... We are not 100% on making both dice... But we may... We're waiting on the double manufacturer info... If you add the add on now you will get the options later to add them on... If you want to wait you can and when we send the survey you can also add things on then as well and pay separately in the backerkit ;) Thanks very much for your support!!! @Anders we are currently working on prototype designs of dice! If we can do more than one design we certainly will! We are working with Doublesix now and we always want to always find new and exciting opportunities for uniqueness and to help establish us into our own realm of the gaming production industry. We hope to make a very high quality product that all will enjoy :) @Peter Sorry for Confusing you and some Others about the Dice Situation! Have no Fear! Everyone will get the COOL Custom Symbol Fun Dice! They will be Included in the Core Game! (The Picture Representation that we currently have is of the Traditional Dice Shape) The New DoubleSixes will look like the Design (which will be improved for clarity) and will be in the Double Six D12 Shape for Cool Uniqueness! (will still roll same probability-wise) The Add-on Will allow you later in the Backer Survey, let you choose the Pips (just like the doublesix Pips) OR The Custom Etched Symbol Dice (in Case you want Extra Dice for your Game) The Glory Seeker Comes with 2 sets of Dice already included! But you might want more! You might even want Extra dice For some Other Game! So The Options will be there! But we want the Unique Shape and Cool looking Feel to the Dice... with the Cool Symbols and Etched up look ... with the Thematic Colors... and the great Partnership with DoubleSix as well! :) Thanks so much for your Question and for your Support! :) @Robert Play time for number of players varies per Scenario Script but is very fast moving! Think about 2-3 Mins per Turn per player ;) (We Timed It!!!) It scales in a few different ways.. but one main way to point out to you is the Monster Spawning System... The more you explore the more awesome stuff you can find... and may also be very needed for the Objectives in the scenario.... However, the more you explore.. the More RED Rooms you will Find... which = More Monster Spawn Points... which = more Danger... So... more players will most likely Explore more Rooms more quickly (Keep in mind... that the Comet Track must be met in a specific time...) so you need to move with urgency... But the more you find... the More Danger you Find TOO! :) Thanks so much for your Question! I hope that helps! @Elaura Yes Indeed! That's totally an awesome Idea Indeed! :) Thanks so much for making us your Birthday Gift! We know you'll love opening that Box! :) Your Birthday Dream helps make our Dream Come True and become a Reality! :) Thank you so much! Also! If you haven't Checked it out yet... Here's the Print and Play Version of the Game! It almost has 1000 Downloads!!! <url>"20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened Yesterday! <url>"Glory Seeker will only be Worth It if we Hit all Stretch Goals" is Also only your Opinion ... Most Backers are very Enthusiastic about the original Scenario Script Content, Epic Scenario Script, the TONS of New Tiles, INCLUDING: Atlantis Level and Medusa's Meridian, The Trap Tile Pack, the Extended Tile Pack, and of course all of the other Amazing Content that comes in the other Pledge Levels! :) So There's Tons of Content Not to mention... the Minis as well are all a potential! Many feel that it's Very worth it! Whether there's Minis or Not! :) Hey Nancy! The fortune Hunter certainly has alot of content!!! The Glory Seeker certainly comes with tons of extra content! Like expansions (over double the amount of room tiles) and lots of Adventures... Extra dice etc... Also miniatures and more all included at lower than retail pricing ... Fortune Hunter also has lots of Adventures and great content... If you want it all Glory Seeker is great... If you want almost all... Fortune Hunter is great! :) We've been Featured on the Dice Tower News! <url>"Duck in a Pond" with your new Game! That said... we at Everything Epic Games, are not here for Ego, or to show off, or to try to be Big Shots... we're here to do the best we can to sincerely make an excellent, unique, fun, and special gaming experience that you and all of the other gamers will love and tell stories about! What ever it takes... how ever long it takes, we want this to be great that's our #1 Promise! :) @Sully Absolutely! I wouldn't call them "Quality Issues" ... They're really "Quality Opportunities" It's all about finding the best way to do things... Making the game Better with every choice is an Opportunity to me! :) Germany is Definitely exciting and you are 100% right about your speculation! As a new company... we dont want to take unneeded chances and risks... we want you all to be ecstatic with your new Game! :) @Rad Yes! It's what we'd really love to do Ideally! :) We will let the backers know as we make deals etc! So you'll know what you're getting as it progresses! But we're really leaning that way! @Greatlich Indeed! Quality and Excellent Product is #1 !!! (But we're still doing our best to get it done on schedule as quickly as possible in your hands!! ) @Martijn Yes indeed! There is lots of player interaction! Each character has their own strengths and weaknesses... However, you must keep in mind that the game is also very Strategic and you must use each other's Ideas and Work together to succeed in the tomb! Every player can do actions to help and assist one another in many different things, like Combat, Trading, Healing etc... So interacting with one another is a very important part of a Cooperative game like SotLT! :) Thanks for the question! I highly recommend watching the Gameplay Video! :) @Andre and Sully: So... how do we make sure it's all ready for print? We work our butts off of course... Now, depending on how many Miniatures are made... (and some of you know that the Stretch Goals have changed multiple times to Evolve for the awesomely changing environment) So you know that we are making it easier to get awesome Minis and other stuff in the game! So we have to get 3D Physical Sculptures made for each mini (which of course takes time...) and there's no way right now in this stage (3 days left) to know 100% how many minis there will be... But what I DO know is how many Scripts there are... how many tiles there are, characters (10 of which are "Player Influenced" which all need Custom Artwork done (takes some time) ... I know how many Cards need to be made... Dice... ETC This stuff is all accounted for... Now something you guys Don't yet know... (and we're not locked in yet but high potential!) Is we may be printing the game (manufacturing the game) in Germany! Now... this is more Expensive for US (for EEG) However, this will make our game be manufactured Faster, more Efficiently, more Effectively (less print errors and mistakes) and with better time communication gaps removed! It also will ship faster not only to EU but it's also closer to USA for Shipping to US as well! I recently got a game (a Kickstarter I backed) in the mail (Not going to say what game it was) and it was manufactured in China (by a "Prestigious Chinese Printer") and I was Very Shocked (because of the printer) to find major Mistakes/Manufacturing problems in the Components... This sort of thing is something I want to avoid, in a Big Way! I want you guys to get the BEST Game that we can possibly make! And if that means I go with a more expensive printer, I will do that, If that means that it will take me "Extra Time" to complete the project to make sure that items get manufactured properly and that the rules are 100% Perfect! And that the quality of the Miniatures is Excellent, and the Tiles Art is 100% and the Cards, Characters, Game Balancing, Artwork Continuity, Overall Thematic Flow, Storyline, Shipping Logistics, Distribution Network, and that Everything is PERFECT ... If that takes extra time for us, then we will use that time to the Greatest Potential that it has to deliver you the Greatest Tomb Diving Experience... the Best Cooperative and Competitive Game... The most EPIC Pulp Action Adventure Cinematic Board Game Experience that We Can Possibly Deliver! Because We at Everything Epic Games are NOT in the Business of Creating 2nd Rate, or Half Finished, or Low Quality, or RUSHED board games... (which we have been working on for a LONG time now, perfecting and playtesting this game thousands of times) Quality, Continuity, and Gamers having Fun is Extremely Important to us and our First Priority! So please fear not our Communication is Strong, as noted by Many backers ;)! And it will continue to be strong... we will do our best to deliver on time as expected... but if anything what so ever is to come up... You backers are going to be the FIRST to know! We will NOT leave you in the dark... we will NOT disappear for months at a time.. we will keep in touch (not spam you lol) but Keep in touch so you know what's happening with Your Game! Everything Epic Game's Motto is: Of the Gamer, By the Gamer, and For the Gamer... And that Means YOU! @Andre and Sully: Let's talk about "Content" MuahahahahHAHAHAHAH (Goes a bit insane for a Moment) *Snaps out of it* Well..... we have a TON... lots... MEGA... OMEGA.. amount of Super Awesome Content.... (Which is Cool as Heck!) Right... RIGHT? Ok.. Ultra Long Answer coming now! ..... ;) @Andre and @Sully (And a Little Cody and Larkin Too!) ROFL you guys! What A Great Exchange of Comments! I love it .. Grasshopper and Wise Old Duck! ahahhababAHAHHAHA.... Ok... I'll start responding in a second.... but you guys are too Funny! @Occam I responded to your Private message But I will also respond here: The Gripmats will ship separately for the time being... if that changes I will let everyone know... the reason is because of the International Fulfillment that saves you the VAT, this is the way we ship internationally.... the items may not fit in their standard boxes and they also may not want to smush up the gripmat to fit it inside the box... so they will default to shipping separately. It is a very long and large sized item! I also would not want it to get stretched or damaged accidentally. I currently have a gripmat (sample) and they are really nice and durable... however I still probably wouldn't want to smash it up too much.. but I didn't do the product damage testing :P Thanks for the question! @Sully Thanks It's good to be quoted! @Elaura Thanks so much for joining our adventure! :) We really appreciate your support! This is definitely an Necessary Buy! ;) @Paolo no new tiles included, but yes Boss Monster/s ;) Thanks for the question @Terry Link Added. Thanks Have a good night folks... 2:10am here... Time for tomb bed... See ya in the morning backers ;) Keep in mind all special bonus stuff and stretch goals are not mentioned in the chart... We have tons of content :) @terry that's what we have ;) @Terry <url>"Lost Stretch Goals" are for above 100k 125K = The Exploration of Excalibur 150K= The Inquisition for the Fountain 175K = The Secret of the Dragon King Bonus Stretch Goals for All Pledge Levels "The Adventurer" and Above! Enjoy! :) If we Reach 100k We Unlock Wave 1 Boss Minis! All levels Adventurer and Above will get New Special Adventure Packs Listed in the Lost Stretch Goals List :) Update Sent! The Lost Stretch Goals are now Found! :) @James We've been working on that Indeed! We've certainly gotten some feedback about that so we've decided (a few days ago to work on a way to add in some more scenario script dispersant into the Stretch Goals... That will be updated by tomorrow morning... Thanks for the Comment! :) @Tom Thanks! Our backers are awesome! :) @Mrs Howard! You are amazing! Thank you so much! It is Much appreciated! :) Cool! :) Hey Backers! When you Vote... Be sure to Vote for US in all NINE (9) Categories! :) Secrets of the Lost Tomb is in the running for the "20 Most Anticipated Games of 2014" in the Overall, Original, Cooperative, Solitaire, Strategy, Thematic, Sci-Fi, Horror, and Fantasy categories. The final voting period opened today. <url>#16 On the Hotness...I know it's Tedious and Boring ... But it helps get us up on that List .. which Helps other people see it! @Rad Thanks!!! yes That's Most of the Designs (some aren't there..) However... The map one is being shown Mis-Formated... It's actually Long and Skinnier.... (24 x 46) size... Just as an FYI @Terry ... Sadly I must Agree .. The Holiday Season is Certainly a ROUGH time to have a Kickstarter... This is our First one... However Have no Fear! We have Many awesome things Lined Up and we will continue to make Epic Games for you awesome gamers! :) @Terry I am Indeed sorry I can not Show the Gripmats on Video , Even though I would Like to because they have not Been printed as samples Yet! :( (Yes I know they are not cheap... But they are about the same price as a smaller Playmat for something like Magic the Gathering etc... But in the scale they are much Larger! Larger= more$ ) Minis after Stretch Goals : Will be put into "Waves" So they'll be available in sets of 6-8-or 10 depending on Size and Complexity... But this way for each Add-On you'll be able to get a Nice amount of minis for a fair price! So we will put a bunch of Minis for each stretch goal in each Wave mini Pack! :) @Martijn Hey! Thanks so much for the Kind Words!!!! The Tile Expansion Packs are indeed 25 and the Adventure Packs are 20 (as Add-Ons) they are much less when you pledge into a higher tier... however... Please understand that each of these packs come with New Adventures, New Bosses, New Story Cards, New Items, new Artifacts, New Tiles, New Characters... LOTS of New Stuff! ( Not just a Scenario and nothing else) But they're each Jam Packed with content! Thank you for your support!!! We really appreciate it! @Kevin Thanks so much for Joining in the Glory Seeker Adventure! You Definitely will find Glory with Us all! :) @Terry I agree! However, we Have SO many Goals... Pledge Goals... Incentives.. It can be overwhelming for some people :) We have 4 days left to go and we have learned A LOT! And we most Certainly, in Future Works, Future Games will be able to make HUGE Improvements on already awesome product lines! (We always appreciate your enthusiastic suggestions and help! Thanks very much Terry as always! :) @Terry Remember "BGG Blitz Reward" Etc... Most of the time those 500 Backers ETC Rewards are usually not something as awesome as an Adventure Pack or as an actual Add-On... we gave everyone Something Awesome for Helping Out! It's really worked very well for everyone! Having Backers Back us up on BGG is very successful and we Really Appreciate Everyone's Hard Work and Determination! @Terry We decided to Do Special Backer Help Rewards! @Rad Thanks for your Help and Backup Once again! :) Highly Appreciated! @Kevin Sorry for any confusion on the Packs ... We have a (not so great) comparison guide here: <url>" The Big Brown Bear... came Lollipin' over the Mountain... " hah @Stevhen Yes indeed! It's a big expense for a new company to create and manufacture these types of items... so we'll certainly, once established, have the ability to do some other CRAZY and awesome things later on as well! But we will always no matter what keep the EPIC gaming going.... Of the Gamer, by the Gamer, for the Gamer! That's our Motto! :) @Larkin Indeed... However ... The Awesome news is ... You're getting a bunch of extra Adventure Scripts Because of the Kickstarter's Hard work and determination! :) Thanks so much for your support! You wont be sorry that you pledged! It's gonna ROCK! @Tomas Welcome to the Adventure of Secrets of the Lost Tomb AND kickstarter! It's going to be a Wild RIDE! :) Glad to have you! ... Ok back to comments... LOL (A Nice interruption ... ) @Pledge WOOO! 85,161 Now! (Stretch Goal Activated... and Unlocked... ) @Sully thanks so much for Keeping Up with the Voting and Most Anticipated for us! It's awesome that we're in the Running in only ONE DAY of being on there! LOL! You guys are SICK!!! (In a GOOD WAY) :) @Greatlich YES! (Since your comment we're only 74 Buck-a-roonies away! Let's do this! :) Ok! I'm Back! :) ... Commenting Now... In Order from Latest to Earliest.... ..... Commencing..... We're Featured in the Board Game Geek Top Downloaded Files of 2013! For the Print and Play AND the Rulebook! <url>#item2999145 Link to our BGG Page (To Help with Hotness) <url>#item2999145 All you gotta do is give us a Thumbs Up! :) Thanks for your help!!! Paolo... sent you a Message about more PnP (which we hope we can put together after KS is completed :) Thanks for being so excited! We really appreciate it!!! :) We want to put stuff together so you guys can have some fun and get your "Tomb ON" while we are getting this game made for you guys!!! :) @Cody Thanks so much for the Quick Answers and Backup! :) Much appreciated ... as you can see.... hands are full here with Promotion and Pushing those Stretch Goals!! :) @Robert Thanks so much for Joining in the Glory Seeker Adventure! We are Very Proud to Have you Aboard! Thanks so much for the Kind Words! To Second Cody's Awesome quick Response... no you're not missing any gameplay items! :) You're going to "Get it All" Only extras are Extra Swag OR Player Aid like the GripMats and Tee Shirts... :) YES indeed Sully !!! I hope more of our amazing backers will help thumbs up!!! Link again : <url>#item2999145 @brandon thanks so much for your support!!! You won't be sorry... Very Good so Far RAD! We need to keep pushing to get in the Running for the Top 20!! :) Thanks Terry! Ok 9 Thumbs so far! :) Keep it up guys lol! We've gotta compete with Shadows of Brimstone.. 217 thumbs.... lol We Can DO IT!!! I was being humble lol Anyone Willing to go and nominate Us for Most Anticipated Game of 2014 on boardgamegeek.com If someone Nominates us I will send an Update to try to get everyone to Thumbs it UP! .... Today is the Last Day! <url>"Happily" in an old Germanic Tongue! :) @Grouik It will be a Booklet-Format Adventure script with much longer story sections, much more in depth objectives, and many more options for the direction in which the adventure will go in. It's a lot like a Choose Your Own Adventure Book....so when you get to the end of each Story Narrative Section and After you Complete each Major Objective... you'll have a set of options... depending on the choice, you'll have different outcomes, potentially different dangers, and alternate endings to the adventure! Let me know if that helps at all and if you have any specific questions! :) Thanks so much!! @Martin Yes indeed you are correct! You have the pricing right... (for added shipping and handling) Thank you so much for your support! We appreciate it and really look forward to you playing our game! :) Im a huge fan of Agents of Smersh too and Tales of Arabian Nights! Great stuff!!!! @Greatlich You're definitely Going to LOVE the Epic Script! :) @Sully Hahahah! You Figured it out! ... the writer of SotLT Looks just like Grampy Potts! So in his honor... we made Brig Gen Patrick Drake! He's an awesome character actually.... Cool special ability to Raise the party's courage by using morale raising speeches etc! :) He's cool! @Morgan Yes Indeed! They will certainly be awesome! @Paolo Thanks for Joining the Glory Seeking Adventure! Happy to have you onboard! :) @Scraps Im not sure!? I'll have to check and figure it out! Whoops sorry clicked too many times... Lol too excited I guess... @Don... The Vault Opens again tonight!!!!! Be ready!!!! @Don... The Vault Opens again tonight!!!!! Be ready!!!! Nevermind... Lol 12 dollars away from Stretch Goal!!! Lol @Brian A Great idea for sure!!! :) You'll certainly love it!! @Brian! That's awesome ! Sorry to see a copy of betrayal go... but you WONT be sorry!!! You'll really be happy for the upgrade! Thanks so much for your support!!! :) @Sandeep Copy That! :) Thanks ! @Rad Thanks for the explanation assistance!!! :) HAPPY NEW YEAR BACKERS!!!! @swedishbear the glory seeker comes with many more room tiles than the Fortune Hunter... It has all of the expansion tomb tiles, the trap room tiles, the Atlantis 4th Level room tile expansion , the medusa's meridian level expansion room tiles... And more!!! This is a huge value and also comes with the boss miniature sets that are unlocked by Stretch goals!!! I recommend scrolling down on the Kickstarter and comparing the two pledge levels on the main page. Thanks so much!!! @roman me too!!!! ;) @martin yes!!! I will update everyone with an excited update later tonight! Im very pleased that were at the top 10! Thank you so much for your hard work! (First Day of HONG KONG 2014 :P ) Let's hit 85k on the First Day of US 2014 :) Woah! We're getting really close to Dr. Heidi Dupont .... Ancestor of Dr. Frankenstein ! Scientist and genius Biologist... her life goal working with the EOP is to find the Secrets of Life and Death... Hoping one day to bring back the dead!! But until then... she uses her genius powers for the forces of good! :) @Nicolas Honestly ... I've never played Dungeon Run yet.... I have played Mice and Mystics (I own it) So Perhaps someone else in the Comments can help with Dungeon Run Gameplay? I think the best thing I can say is we have more story... more freedom in the game... its Cooperative... and It's the Pulp Action Adventure Genre ! :) (Like indiana jones rather than pure fantasy) However we do have cool monsters and supernatural stuff too! :P @Tom Dont worry... the Year is COMING! :P @Greatlich HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!! HONG KONG! HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR! :) @Sandeep YES INDEED!!! Top Ten is GREAT! :) @Paolo I'll see what I can do! :) It's not easy to translate the game but we will try to see what the options are after the KS is complete! (Im looking into a couple different ways! @Cody Thanks for your Help with Clarifications and Helping other Backers! I appreciate it! @AARON Nope! The Goalpost did not get moved! :) l... BUT Please keep doing it! :P The Higher the BETTER! This is the FINAL WEEK So we need to get as high as we can on there to get as much visibility as possible and get as many eyes on the project as we can! The more the merrier! :0) @Rad THANK YOU! :) I really appreciate your help! It definitely helps!!! @Cody! YES INDEED you Guys are Doing Great! And you've really done an amazing job! I hope you're excited for cool Samurai Action! :) Also, Yes Let's keep going to #1 !!!! @Paolo So Happy to see you so Excited! :) Give me a little time and I'll see if I can put together a Print and Play Expansion Pack :P @Roman Send me a Message Privately and we can discuss that further, but yes I'd love to translate the game... but it does have some major costs involved and some major text translation..... this game has lots of text :) @Morgan Thanks!!! :) We appreciate all sharing that anyone can do! :) The more the merrier! We wanna hit as many stretch goals as we can! @Roman Im not sure how you'd play with the Story Cards, Monsters, etc... if they were not the same size as the rest... The Adventure Scripts would be "ok" as print and play... but the rest of the supplemental items would look messed up in my opinion.... However, in the future... we are looking at potentially releasing some cool content and also potentially Fan Player-Created Content on our website/Blog for fans etc... print and play stuff! :) Thanks so much Morgan!!! Very weird scraps... Ill have to look in to it.... Sorry about the problems... If everyone helps us get on the hotness you WILL get a new adventure... We did it before we can do it again!!!! Hey All You Awesome Backers .... If you missed the update check it out! <url>#1 Hotness Spot again, its going to need everyone to pull together and work as an awesome team!:) Thanks so much for your support! @Sully Indeed... It's awesome to see people getting into SotLT and striving to make their own stuff! So cool! @Paolo NICE JOB! :) hahaha! I love these images.. very cool style! Thanks so much for contributing to the awesomeness! Ill see what I can do about adding anything :) --Chris Yes Indeed! The BoardGameGeek site has Lots of our Stuff... Cool info.... nice discussions on Forums about things... Also... you can help us out by posting comments and thumbs up-ing our pictures on there as well! This helps us get higher on the Hotness List which helps get more eyes on the game.. WHICH ultimately Helps us Get more Stretch Goals! :) 1000 Comments and A Stretch Goal hit in One Day! Great Job Backers! You're The Best Backers in the World! :) No Problem Steven! And we only have 2 sample Pics! We have LOTS of Different Gripmat Artwork Options.... Make sure you check out the updates for all artwork ... also check out gripmat's kickstarter! Thanks! Chris Both sizes that we offer in our add-ons will work! It really depends on the play space you're going to be using at the time of gaming! :) @Rad Thanks for Sharing! :) There are certainly going to be some Awesome Options of Gripmats!!! :) @Morgan Welcome to the Adventure!!! :) Thanks for your support!!! @StantazChild YES! I agree! :) Lets get there! It will be a type of item that anyone can use.There will be various cool types. :) @cabal thanks for the suggestion! Definitely a good idea... We have a Ton of Trap Tiles that were perfecting for sure and our objective is for them to be balanced and fun! ;) so we're going to make sure that they all work in that way 100% ;) @Cabal The quicksand trap room (is honestly under revision) Im sincerely considering taking out "Lose Actions and Lose Turns" from the game... however I am playtesting it a bit further... What it Currently Means is: End Turn: No Story Card that is the end of that "Explore Action" You dont lose more other than that.... The -2 Turns means you lose 2 Actions Next Turn... It's one of the core tile rules that I've been working on an alternative for... Losing Movement or Perhaps Dexterity instead may be a better effect... I'll be playtesting those effects instead... I dont like making people lose actions/turns... (not very fun for some folks) Feel free to let me know what you think about that! :) Thanks! Chris @Michelle Hey! Currently the Retail Pricing "the MSRP" is listed in the Add-On Menu in top left hand corner of the Add-On section for each.... Drakkus may not be available later because it's a Kickstarter Exclusive currently... Thanks! Let me know if you have more questions! Woo Hoo @ Cabal! Thanks so much for trying it and enjoying!! That's exactly what we were going for... Easy to understand... Deep enough... But not too ridiculous with pages and pages of rules :) Thanks again and thanks for the comment!!! ;) @Greatlich we at EEG don't believe we will be offering any other sizes right now... But I'll let you know if that changes! @SantanzChild yeah!!! I love the 4 Horsemen!!! And so is my Update!!! :) You're gonna LOVEEE THIS ONE!!!! @Rad and Stevhen Thank you very much for your Help and Support! :) @Nicolas Sorry about any confusion! I have the table that Steven Provided but I am more than happy to answer any question you might have about any pledge. Feel free to send me a message anytime! :) The value is even greater then that now... The savings is listed on each pledge level as you scroll through the kickstarter... @Nicolas! The other Game Modes will all be in the " Adventurers Almanac: A Reference Guide" which we have not Released yet.... Thanks for your comment!!!! If you have questions that are specific... please let me know and I'll answer! :) I'll get a final word on the double sided from gripmat asap... You can get a grip mat through either one of us... ;) @Rad Thanks for the Answer: Yes indeed.. they dont know about Doublesided Yet... It is pretty cool to know So many people LOVE the Map! It's really cool art! I like it alot too! :) I'll get to work on seeing about pricing for the DoubleSix Engraved Designs! :) Thanks so much! @Occam YES! (DoubleSix Dice and I are Talking about doing Custom Engraved DoubleSix Dice... meaning... Cool Designs, with Cool Thematic Symbols, and small numbers on Every Face! ) This is an extra cost ... Just like the Regular D6 Engraved dice are an Extra Cost for US but it's a cost for EEG... and we're doing this because we want you to have the Coolest Game EVER! :) So there may end up being a Pip SotLT Dice Set (special for DoubleSix Fans and other folks) AND Also, a Custom Engraved DoubleSix made special for the Core Game that everyone would get, that would have the cool symbols and etching details etc! :) Thanks for the Awesome Questions!!! @Occam We're working out the Shipping on the Dice (probably shipped with your other orders.. So unless you order dice (and ONLY the dice) which is not the ideal... then there wont be more shipping cost... ) The Gripmats, However, must likely must be Shipped Separately... (You must understand that the size is LONG! 24/46 or 36 x 36 ... That's Long!!!) Sorry for the inconvenience... but these mats will be rolled up and shipped (most likely) in a tube or something, which wont be able to fit in the standard game shipping box.... Logistics can be crazy! Thanks for your comments!!! :) @Occam and Rad Yes Indeed! You can definitely either add the money on Now OR you can Add it on Later if you feel more comfortable! (Backerkit will allow you to add on whatever you want in the end!) If you add-on now though, you'll help make more Stretch Goals! :) Thanks so much for your support!!! @Rad and @ Interlocking Tiles : In the survey I wanted to know how much people liked interlocking tiles... Why? Because I can still do a "type of interlocking" that isn't puzzle pieces more like "Notched Sides" that would still keep the tiles together and straighter but not puzzle-like, which is what I was asking in the survey... I wanted to figure out what people would like more and what they felt was more useful... Having a GripMat could still be a nice addition to the game if you really want the tiles to stay in one place whether it's Interlocking or Not... however, once again... A Gripmat is not needed for Gameplay... it's only a secondary player Aid for those who like it! :) Thanks so much for your comments and Support! @Paul None of the Gameplay will be effected whatsoever by these Additions... the additions are produced by the other companies and are only just helpful or interesting items that some people would like but are not needed for gameplay! ;) Thanks so much for your comment!!! @Rad The "Map of the Tomb Locations Throughout History" would be the 24 x 46 (it's thinner and long) still 2 feet wide though :) @Sully Sorry about any bugs! I did receive a bunch of comment answers in the survey... but if you dont think yours worked... Please feel free to email me directly and send any feedback or opinions directly to me! Thanks so much! @John GT: Thanks for the Kind words! I'm super happy with how the 4 horsemen came out too!!! :) @John GT: Hey! As of right now our box size is Large! 12 X 19 X 4! So it should fit all extra stuff (we tried to plan for this and we will change if we can if needed...) Im not sure what you mean by the included add on question :( I'll try to answer you better if you can tell me what that's from (feel free to email me directly) Depending on how you'd like to play the game whether you'd like to set up the tomb length wise or "left and right" the gripmat that's 36 by 36 gives you the largest space incase you're using all of the expansion materials as well... But really It's tough to give an option on that... I usually set it up long ways... but that's because I dont usually (when demoing in a store) have a wide table... I evolve the tomb depending on play space! :) @Mrs. Howard Yes I was asking if you, the backers, would prefer Doublesix Dice in the game... I also asked if you'd prefer the Doublesix Dice to be Engraved... I was also considering just putting some in... The doublesix dice give the game a uniqueness and a specific tone that make games stand out... I know that d6 is a tradition that almost every game has... but almost every game has it! So as a new game company, for us to succeed, we need to find ways to be different and interesting to new players... The DoubleSix Dice would function the same way as a d6, except they would roll a bit more and would look a little more interesting on the gameplay table... People would come up to you and ask... Hey Cool Dice! What are those? DoubleSix? There's d6X2 on that die? Cool! And stuff like that.... so to answer your question... we wanted to get a feel from the Backers what they thought would be best! So far I've got 100 responses!!! Im going to wait for some more responses and then let you guys know what we're going to do! :) (I.E. Traditional Etched, DoubleSix Etched... or BOTH! :) @Sean: Yes! There is more Vault Stuff Coming : One Idea I was considering was having Glory Seekers have the ability to submit a Story Card for Immortality in the game (working with us as final editors etc of course) We have more adventures to potentially put in there... and we also have an "Epic Adventure Scenario Script" that is still waiting "on base" (The Vault is all Dependent on the growth of the Campaign itself) We've been in the Lull of Christmas lately so we haven't been able to add anything more just yet...we want to, but we have to keep the integrity of the campaign together as it rises. We hope to add something VERY soon! :) Thanks so much for your question and for your support! @Steve HEY! The Competitive modes unlock some cards with them (for core base games) These "Trap Cards" and other cards are for use with the entire game They are useable for Solo and Coop play but become Even cooler and geared toward Competitive play.... What I'm trying to explain is... lol... IS... that The Items that come in there have Multiple Uses and can be used for Solo and Coop Play AND competitive play.... Specifically the Trap Cards (not tiles but cards) The trap cards are special items that a player character uses to "Set A Trap" Their own Trap! These traps can be accidentally sprung by monsters.. and other players (In Coop not sprung by players as easily) but in competitive mode you can hide traps and set traps that players can walk on or be hurt by etc... There's also some cool story cards that add some other cool challenges to the game (And of course the special rules) Hopefully that helps... I'll try to make a post that describes more competitive rules on BGG asap! :) Thanks for your question! @Occam / Joe! Yes Indeed! You can either, add to your pledge now (the extra it would cost to purchase the extra pledge) which becomes an extra option for after the Kickstater is over... Or you can do that Add on after the Kickstarter is over (potentially the Early Bird Pricing might be gone by then.... So you definitely have the options... either way you'll have to add in the extra special Information later into the Backerkit for the extra items that you wish to pledge! Thanks so much for your support and extremely kind words!!! We're doing the best we can and we will work as hard as possible to make this game the best it can be! :) I'm going to put out another update tonight about gripmats and Doublesix Dice ;) and print and play and rules! @Michelle Thanks so much for your support! So glad you're with us! @Stevhen Thanks alot! Hopefully we're going to fly up and get tons of stretch goals in!! Let's keep on pushing forward! @Kraven... We've contacted fulfillment... I'll let you know if anything changes... but that's still a reduced pricing from the 65 dollar pricing from our original shipping quote :) @Greatlich thanks! We're happy about it :) @adam BOooooOOOOOMmmmm!!!!!! That's what I like to hear! :) congrats on the upgrade! Good Night Kevin! :) Merry Christmas! Heck yeah!! Just wait till our special artwork is up!! ;) MERRY CHRISTMAS BACKERS!!! :) Also stay tuned for more info on DoubleSix Dice! :) A cool Synergistic Partnership between us to make Official Secrets of the Lost Tomb DoubleSix Dice! :) @Greatlich It should be tomorrow that the official announcement with our Official Secrets of the Lost Tomb Gripmats in at Least 2 Sizes.... 24 by 46 and 36 by 36" !!!! :) Thanks Sandeep!!! :) I love it too! Yes Glen! Let's get there and keep on going! :) Also our new work with DoubleSix Dice as well! Another Christmas Surprise for everyone :) LOL! Rad and Sully.... It's Both! Gripmat and Bianca! :) Yep let's keep on moving forward!!! ;) @Kraven welcome back sir! It's good to have you back!!! @sully I could give more details... Im just afraid of spoilers... @Rad Thanks! We're doing the best we can to make this the best we possibly can! :) ;) @Rad Yes! As soon as Gripmat Adds it to their Kickstarter I will add it to mine. @Terry I'm glad you're still here and I hope you can stick it out though to the end! We're not done yet! We still have the BoardGameGeek.com Contest and the final week or so of the campaign should start to bring people out of their hobbit hole and hopefully join our party towards the tomb! :) @Stevhen Yes indeed you are correct... we need to get over that hump and start getting some minis to help some people believe in the project again. We have lots of people who believe in the game and the core heart of Secrets of the Lost Tomb and we're really glad that they'll have the opportunity to play the game and enjoy it to it's fullest extent! I'm glad that there are lots of folks who have put their faith in us to make a great game and we're glad that you did! Thanks so much for that! We hope you're having a great holiday! @Greatlich Thanks very much! You're spot on with what you're saying... we're certainly doing our best and we really do appreciate your undying support! We decided to launch during the Christmas and Holiday Season, which apparently is a rough thing to do... We're doing our best to make this happen and we're not going to give up! @Rad Thanks very much for still believing in us. The game is certainly not all about minis, they're a part of the game to help immersion even more... but they're not a part of game play... They'll look really great when done... Thanks for sticking with us! @Steve We fight them one at a time as they're triggered... We just wanted a group shot for the scenario script as well! :) @Realm Master... Yes indeed... We're working hard on it... Ill be sharing our newest mini tonight which you'll be able to see far more animated... ;) it's a Process that as you know takes alot of time as well as funding... We have some of the sample 3d artwork but we're still working on getting more of it. Some of the 3d art may change prior to completion... The monsters are quite animated and there are a couple characters that are not as animated... But Alligator MacPhee is pretty cool with his slashing movement with his machete and tonight I'll reveal BIANCA Sinclair guns a blazing... ;) Yeah Cabal! I'm going like a madman on this end! *<l:o)} Christmas certainly is a major distraction away from Kickstarter... we run all the way through till Jan 7th so past the New Year 1 week should help :) @adam agreed. @rad 0-o indeed @Steve... Heh! Most of the Monster Artwork is Done by Mr. Braithwaite... (Main Boss Monsters etc... He still has More to Do! It's a lot of work as you can see by the Detailing! ) Character Portraits by George Patsouras of Avalon the Resistance + Flash Point fame... and just about all other Art by Ninjace Productions... (Tiles Graphics ETC) Glad you Like it!!! :) We're working really hard to make it as great as we can! @steve yes indeed... Soldiers and more! Gotta have em special for that scenario ;) also notice the Vampire mafia members as well ;) @cabal me too I was super pumped when I got that email with the new artwork in it!!! Just wait till tonight's reveal!! @adam me tooooooo!!! Let's get that Stretch Goal! @Sully... You rule! We gotta get those dice now for sure... Toss em at Rhaz Azul!!! @shiver I'm sure they'll appreciate it! Their pricing is quite reasonable and the "roll dice and get that many is also funny lol" @kevin woo hooooo indeed! Thanks Everybody!!! Let's keep it moving!!! Welcome Tom!! ;) ROFL! Awesome Description! :) Dodecahedrons! lol.. love it! I would think of them as Rolling Gems or Boulders from Indiana Jones lol... .if they hit a character or Monster... then it's dead! Rofl (Just Kidding) Yes Indeed Folks! I would be customizing them as per the theme of the game (Green/Gold or something to that effect) These would not Replace our Traditional D6.. this would be in addition to ... Such as an Add-On etc... Also everybody... I'm talking to "DoubleSix Dice" about making some Cool Custom Dice for Secrets of the Lost Tomb.... I feel like its a cool unique shape that will really suit the feel and theme of the Tomb! <url>"Lose 2 Courage" lol...:P Is this part of your interview for becoming an Everything Epic Games staff game Writer? lol.... The tee shirts would be printed in the USA then shipped to you which would be high priced... If we had lots of interest in them we could probably place a large order for them but.. Right now we haven't gotten much interest in the tee shirt... I'll look into better fulfillment options on them ... No promises though :( @Tom Yes indeed! Any help on BoardGameGeek.com will certainly help us get some more notice... we are trying to get back on the Hotness... but I suppose I'll just have to pull another cool Top Secret Adventure Script out for ya'll to get you inspired! :) @Sully Well... Since you're a Full Fledged Member of the Order... I don't see why you shouldn't be privy to this sort of Top Secret intel! :) @Tom ROFL! Fortune and Glory is definitely good stuff... It just came out with a couple new mini-expansions ... only thing about F&G is that the Rules are pretty dense.... make sure if you do get it you watch some Tutorial Videos ... / try to do some Solo Games to learn the game really well :) It's definitely cool though for sure! It's a zoomed out version with less story than SotLT and more of a Competitive Game then Cooperative... We're more Coop...With Optional Competitive Modes :) @Rad ... what we Do is we use the Story of the Scenarios to Create the Epic Artifacts! There will be time when we create other specific artifacts... however currently the Artifacts have sort of ambiguous names like "The Cup" but in a particular Scenario... they are REALLY "The Holy Grail" This allows for versatility and helps with balance in the game when you, as a player, are searching rooms for a specific artifact. :) Thanks for the question! We may make some really cool Epic Artifacts in the near future... I am going to talk it over for sure!!! @Rad Thanks So Much for Helping us Spread the Word!!!! @Sully Thanks! The M1 Carbine and other weapons vary! Our characters and the Eternal Order of Perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the Black market where they are able to obtain Lots of cool weapons and stuff... The game takes place around 1933 and is in that Pulp era! So we have a big variety of weapons and equipment from all ages :) @Grouik ROFL You're right on all accounts! Great comment Responses! :) The X marks the Spot! :P @Sandeep Thanks alot! yeah He definitely cracked me up with the Walt Disney Comments etc! LOL... It was nice to see the gameplay done so well too! I just sent out an Update for everyone! Please Enjoy! :) Hey Backers... Check out Undead Viking and his video review of Secrets of the Lost Tomb! <url>"Arikeita" MacPhee (Arikeita=alligator in Maori) We're also doing a game demo at the Microsoft building : If anyone is from NYC and interested... Feel free to come check us out! ;) link below <url>"OK" have no fear! The Glory Seeker Gets it automatically (because they Get it all!) But we don't see any reason to not offer the adventure as an Item for Add-On (once again we need to update that graphic picture in the Kickstarter to include the new items) We don't want any backers to miss out on anything either! :) Thanks for your support! :) @Realm Master K Thank you so much!!! It is Very VERY Much appreciated!!! @Rad We're certainly working on Stories and Novels etc.... that we would love to go with the game as a companion but we want to make sure that they're really done Right! An Art Book is a good idea which I will certainly look into for sure.... Another thing we're looking into is getting a Blog Together to create a community for our gamers to talk and be creative... We are discussing working on a blog where people can discuss adventure scripts etc.. and different adventures that they'd love to see.... Potentially do Adventure Script Polls/Contests User created or co-created content etc... (Not on Kickstarter but on the EverythingEpicGames.com website) That sort of thing.... if you have any other ideas or if Anyone has any cool ideas pleas feel free to comment or message me... we are always open to hear anything from backers! :) @Rad AHH! I Understand Now!!! :) I will look into this and see if there's anything that we could add to the Add-Ons like that... We are trying to be very conscious about not creating production Delays and slowing down the project because of a Fluff add-on... That's why I'm being very careful so that everything we manufacture and create can be made easily in the same place... That's one reason that the T-Shirts add-on is US to help create no issues with manufacture and shipping more than one package... However! I will definitely consider what you're saying and see if I can come up with anything that would be appropriate and bring value to the backers! Thanks so much!!! :) Only a Few Hundred Bucks away from Alligator MacPhee! Let's get him on this Adventure!!! @Michelle I certainly Hear you... and yes we are definitely doing our best to get up there on the level of Arkham and other great games for sure! We don't have that many Kickstarter Exclusives.. however I've noticed that there are a lot of people who really do love Kickstarter Exclusives that really get folks excited about backing a game... The thing is... Kickstarter is all about getting us started.... We are not a Big Box company like Wizards of the Coast or Fantasy Flight Games or Flying Frog Games , or Steve Jackson games... we're New and Independent and we strive to have the same quality if not BETTER and we are doing our best to get to make our Games Epic! Kickstarter is here to help us get to that moment... to build this company to create an amazing Game.. If people don't help Pledge on Kickstarter... we wont be able to Print and Create lots of Copies of the game.... The Less Pledges... the Less we can make and Manufacture.... The only backing we have is YOU... You Backers are what Make us able to create... Able to be Creative... able to Give the world a New board game... an Epic game for people to love... If everyone waits till later to Back us... there's going to be issues trying to find the game at your local store because the first Print run will not be large enough to get a game to all of our Fans! That's why we have to create Kickstarter Exclusives... we need to say thank you to our Kickstarter Backers... to those who helped us truly get this made and out there for all to enjoy... You're not just Buying a Game ... You're helping us make Everything Epic Games... our Dream... your Reality! :) @Michelle Drakkus will most likely be Available in an Add-On later, we were unable to adjust the Graphic yet.... The Most Adventurous Gamer comes included at the Adventurer Level and above... (which is base game) So most of it you'll be able to get later.. the KS exclusives are all a-part of the add-ons if you'd like to buy them al a carte' they're just a better value if you buy them in a specific Pledge Level Pack. Thanks for the Questions! Hope that helps! @Rad Yes indeed... The Vault of Perseus still has room to stretch! You see a couple empty spots but we are planning on Filling those Spots PLUS adding more spots ... once again... this is all dependent on the growth of the project overall! :) But we have a few ideas for sure ! If you have anything you'd love to see... definitely let me know! Thanks!!! @sully thanks for the support!!! @rad thanks for the help..... @michelle you can add things on during the campaign and even at the end... After Jan 7th you will have some time to still add things on... Not a long long time but some time to answer the surveys and get any add ons you'd like... After kickstarter down the line most of the items will be available except the KS Exclusives. Thanks! @kraven Drakkus will definitely be an add-on... We still have to update the add on menu... Thanks for the question! And thanks so much for the continued support and faith in us!!! ;) @kraven #2 I will review for you and see what I can do... (can't guarantee any change... The Box is large and heavy... With lots of goodies!! ) Its currently 25 shipping for the lower Pledges and 40 shipping when you have all of the extras... @kraven hey! We have not had the chance to update the add on graphic yet... But the fortune Hunter is going to include the core character minis and you will be able to add on the other boss monster minis in wave packs which we are going to organize as they become unlocked so you'll be able to add on specific minis in wave packs as they unlock... The Glory Seeker comes with all Minis... @Terry Yes I did see that.... I will go and look at Journeys and research that more in depth and see if it's something that's possible for us! I will let you know if I figure something out that is a fit for us! :) Thanks alot for the suggestions! @grouik Thanks for you're excellent support!!! :) @Maken X I am trying to find out the information and manufacturing best practices that I could get a Painted Mini option added in as a additional Add-On... I'm still waiting on this info :( ... I really want to do a Premium Mini version... It's just Very Expensive to do.... So I am working on it the best I can for sure... as a cool option. (But I can not guarantee it now until I find the proper information on it! As soon as I know.. I will let you guys know for sure!!!) @Donald Thanks for your Support!!! :) Glad you're enjoying!!! @Glen thanks... You Backers are awesome!!! @Greatlich Thank you! We're doing the best can and we will continue to do so for our amazing backers! Thanks very much Kevin!! @Kevin thanks so much for the support! We can't do this without you amazing backers! Please spread the word!!! ;) @Sean thanks so much! We've been working our Tomb- Butts off to make this real... And make this happen @maken lol... Im working on it... Give me a little time ;) I'll let you know as soon as I can Huge Updated Posted! Let me know what you Backers Think!!!! :) @Terry... (A little secret... I've been working on getting the stretch goals lower all this past week...) Been trying to find any way to get these miniatures asap by finding smart ways to get the pricing down to be able to make at least some of the miniatures in the game right off the bat... However... Miniatures start up costs can be very high :( Hey All! I updated how the Kickstarter itself is Organized! Let me know what you all think! Thanks!!! We're gonna keep on Pushin'! We got some really awesome backers here so we have faith in you guys! Keep having faith in us! We will make it happen for you all! @Kraven Thanks!!! :) @ Terry! Thanks for pointing that out! Yes indeed! Sometimes during the Holiday Season people really have other priorities that they want to take care of first so they might get a bit shy... we hope that people will come on back to Kickstarter once they've finished all of their Holiday Shopping! The Christmas and Holiday season are very Hectic ones and Very Stressful ones for Many People here in the US and Around the world! We are very sensitive to that... and that's why we decided to run the 43 Day Campaign... this way it would give us time to get through the holidays and have a chance to keep pushing forward afterwards! :) Thanks for the comment and for your continued support! Keep sticking with us! We are doing lots of things here behind the scenes to make this game better and better! I hope to have some amazing announcements that will knock some peoples socks off next week if possible... You all just gotta stick with us and help spread the word the best you can! Let's keep the excitement going folks! I mean... After all... You're the Best Backers in the World! @Todd Hey! Thanks for the Comment! You can only get down to the 2nd Level... The 3rd level (And 4th in the Expansion Pack and Medusa's Meridian [the triangle tiles expansion] Must be Found by exploring! The 1st and 2nd levels being open allows for lots of exploration options and gives the opportunities for more team work and ability to split up, if desired, to complete tasks and objectives in the game! We're doing a game demo in NY city next week and also were partnering with a few game stores to continue to drive interest as well... If anyone has any other suggestions were certainly open to any and all! ;) We all have to keep in mind that it's Christmas and holiday season... Very distracting for many... So that's why we're running the campaign through the new year to January 7th... ;) We are certainly doing our best to get the word out there... Podcasts, articles, and the previews... Its the middle of the campaign and we certainly want to drive new interest... To get back up on the hotness chart on BGG would be great... We need your support to help us get more traffic on BGG for comments and thumbs up... Here's another Article about SotLT just got Published! Check it out guys! <url>#TheGlorySeeker Glad you like the art interior etc... we got some more really cool stuff coming that we'll be revealing as it comes! Stay Tuned! :) @Kraven ... Thanks very much! The cover is a culmination of the entire essence of the fully immersive thematic experience. Check out our website so you can see a larger version and let me know what you think! Perhaps being able to see the small details larger you might see the direction we went in! :) www.EverythingEpicGames.com let me know what u think! :) Also just a neat suggestion... There's some interesting stuff going on in the BGG Forums... I recommend checking it out! :) <url>"The Emporer Drakkus" and the High Seas Adventure Pack ... @Donald... Thanks for your comment! Sorry if you're confused about the pledge levels... Let me try to explain... So... Im hoping in the next couple days we should be "In Business" with cool new Videos! @Rad Tom Vasel and Lance (Undead Viking) Said end of this week they should have em... I've been in contact with both (They've got the Cool Prototypes so the Videos should be in order ASAP!) Alligator MacPhee has an awesome ability to manipulate audacity... Very cool stuff!!! @Holly yes indeed! Let's keep on pushing! ;) @Arto: The answer right now is Yes! I am working with BackerKit right now to figure out all of the In's and Out's of it and the capabilities so I'll be able to tell you more very soon... But yes... backers will be able to add-on after the Campaign :) Note: Keep in mind that the more backers we get during the campaign the higher the stretch goals we obtain will be! :) @Karsten Thanks for your comment and for your help! :) Much appreciated! @Arto... Cool Snow Man Avatar By the way LOL! (We have snow here right now in New Jersey USA) @Arto Thanks so much for your question! This was indeed unclear and I apologize... There is an additional 15 Dollar charge for Add-Ons for International Backers depending on how much you decide to add on. I have tried to make this clearer in the body of the Kickstarter. The box size of the Core Game is Very Large and Heavy... every little additional add-on, core game, miniatures... items... each thing adds more weight and size to the box! We apologize for the shipping costs. We were able to get them as low as they are because of International Fulfillment ... Otherwise shipping for just the Core Game from the USA is 65 dollars +VAT in EU and other Fees in other countries... Yeah.... It's crazy.... Thanks so much for for giving me the opportunity to clear this question up! We really appreciate your support! :) If you have any more questions don't hesitate to ask!!! -Chris @Craig! Absolutely! Never hesitate to ask anything! We really appreciate that you're here with us on our Adventure! :) Thanks so much for your support! @Kevin Thanks so much for being a part of our Adventure! :) @Sully Thanks so much! It's Posted!!! see below! @Craig: Very Cool and Interesting Ideas for sure... Only issues I'd foresee are more time added into the game and more complexity of gameplay... One of our goals is not to Dumb Down the Game... however, we still want it to be easy enough to learn so that all gamers can enjoy... I do like, and have definitely been thinking about the idea of Sacrificing Dice and Sacrificing Attribute Bonus Tokens for Dice Re-Rolls... however, there's always the major possibility of complicating the game and creating issues and other FAQ problems where the understanding of mechanics becomes unclear. So, my job, is to find the happy balance between both... which I feel as though we've attained! But I am Never opposed to any suggestions !!! :) So Thanks so much and keep brainstorming! The Thread is on BGG right here: <url>#14217057 Thanks! @Sully: Great Point! Absolutely.... it has it can certainly be challenging (all depending on how the tests are created) and has definitely been Playtested! :) @Craig #5 Lastly, And Once Again, thanks for bringing this subject up... because it's honestly great to get a chance to talk about these balancing mechanics!!! Thanks :) Commenting on Customizability of Difficulty Level: The Scenarios have 2 sides and the objectives have 2 sides... hard and normal... the longer you are in the tomb and the more you have to explore and discover... the more chance of running into a Trap or Huge Monsters! The harder the difficulty the more probability you'll have of getting killed or fleeing the tomb. It also becomes much harder to complete the objectives in the game before the Comet Track is completed! :) Please let me know if you have any more questions about this Topic! I am going to open a BoardGameGeek.com Forum about Game Mechanics and Balancing! :) Thanks so much Craig! -Chris @Craig #4 In the Video, it shows the Player actually using more than 1 audacity to Pass that particular roll... see Video " 19:10 "Yes, they were able to gain more Successes... however it took 2 audacity and then was able to gain 3 successes out of 5 dice... which was Great! But it still took 2 audacity and the Game was certainly not over. Also, he's rolling 5 dice and he's a combat oriented character which definitely helps... Keep in mind, we're playing the Normal mode of the game with 6 players and we're showing examples of combat and such... Continued... @Craig #3 Audacity: "Audacity" is an Attribute-Like Stat that every character starts the game with X number of Audacity Points.. these can be SPENT to Re-Roll ALL of the Dice (Not just 1 die or Specific Dice) But All... Therefore, the Probability of Passing and Failing any Given roll is Equal... The audacity just gives you another chance. Audacity also can be used to UP the Percentage Chance you have to Pass! This can be prior to rolling to allow Success on a 4,5,or 6 for the Remainder of that Particular Challenge. This is a great way to use Audacity. However, keep in mind... Audacity is LIMITED and each time you use it, it is gone. Audacity can be "Found" in the game as a reward... however it is generally not Replenished by Resting or anything like that... Continued... @Craig #2 More about Attribute rolls for Story and Exploration: Sometimes certain challenges will require you to roll more than 1 pass.... such as 2 passes for a specific test... this makes that test more challenging.... There are ways in the game to Gain and Lose Attribute scores as well... with the use of items, artifacts, doing adventures and misadventures (story cards), exploration... this is all in the game and helps characters build up as they progress through the game... however, these are not guaranteed... Continued... @Craig: Hey! Thanks for the Comment! Let's go through this a bit...So... When Rolling for an Attribute Test (I.E. Strength, Dexterity, Knowledge, and Faith) You roll dice = the number of attribute. The highest any Core Set Characters start with is a 5 on any given attribute... and some have certain Attributes, lowest can be a 1. Just like in real life, there are people who are VERY Skilled and Talented Physically... and some very talented Mentally... as so it is in Secrets of the Lost Tomb: Most of the time, characters rolling for attributes will be rolling an average of 2-3 dice for an Exploration Roll or for a Story Card roll... Continued... @Arto You've Pledged for the Adventure of a Lifetime!!! :) Thanks for joining us on this expedition! @Grouik OH! I get it! COOL ... we should play it On BGG! :) @Catlion I am waiting to test one out... the GripMat folks are sending one over... Yes... about Shipping we are working with Amazon Fulfillment or an Equivalent Fulfillment Shipper... so our shipping and VAT will help you out and be EU Friendly :) @Grouik You mean like a Video Game ??? @Kevin: Thanks! LOL... I thought you guys would get a kick out of it! :P @Kevin thanks so much for sharing! Every share helps the project grow! @Joseph yes indeed... Interlocking is not needed for play... However... In games like Wrath of ashardalon... Its nice to be able to move the tiles to adjust the game and also to be able to keep the tomb together when the table is jarred! ;) Thanks for the comments!!! We appreciate your support sir!!! @Jason don't worry about the minis delaying anything :) that won't be a problem... Let's hit that Stretch Goal!!! However once again, gripmats would be out of my control. Interlocking tiles and overall game products are in our control. Thanks for the comments!!! @GripMat Lovers: Also...please keep in mind that the GripMat is a specific size or use more than 1 GripMat... we are Most Likely doing Interlocking Tiles "like puzzle pieces" so that the Tiles won't go ajar during play but connected pieces can be easily adjusted! Keep in mind that There would really not be much of a use for GripMat when we go with interlocking Tiles... it might actually hinder the adjustment of the Tomb according to its growth and it's customizability. I will keep you all informed as to any new developments! :) Thanks again for your help and suggestions! We can't do this without You! :) @GripMat Lovers: I am talking to the GripMat folks and I'll be playtesting one this upcoming week... However, please keep in mind... Everything Epic Games does not make the GripMat... so because of that, we can't guarantee anything about the GripMat ... so for the time being please do not expect a GripMat or anything about getting a GripMat as an Add-On or anything.... I don't want anyone to get the Wrong Idea or to be Let Down or Disappointed! We at Everything Epic Games can only control the Quality, the Shipping, the Production and Manufacturing of things We make. Since this is our first game on Kickstarter... we want everything to be Perfect and of the Highest Quality and we want to be able to put our name behind what we do... :) Thanks so much everyone for your amazing support!!! @Nancy Yes indeed... Most will be available at the regular retail prices later (no zombie Apocalypse or other kickstarter Exclusives that might come up) thanks for your comment!!! @Takapa Thanks so much! Glad you Enjoyed it!!! :) @Stefan: Indeed! I definitely understand... we certainly discussed this point and we came to the conclusion that the video would become 2 hours long to really give you a FULL game with Explanation ... which is something we might consider once the game is released for a Full all out tutorial... For now this is a gameplay video ... a sampling of what the game is like... However if you'd like to discuss cooperative Strategies... I'm happy to create a Forum on the BoardGameGeek.com Page and discuss there! Q&A :) I'll go make that Forum now! Good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. It does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. Plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. Shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)? @ Karsten Spreen: Hey! My players sometimes make things look easy.. However, the Dice Loved them! :P Keep in mind one HUGE Thing... you ONLY succeed on a 5 or a 6 ... that's only a 33% chance per die... The Max Bonus Die is +3 for Allies... and you only get this bonus if you "Outnumber the Monsters in the Room" This bonus is given when the Players are more than monsters in the room... therefore if it's 3 allies VS 2 Monsters, the players only get +1... also they were playing the "Normal Side" of the starter scenario... Also, there's the Comet Track which if the objectives are not complete by the time the Comet Track is finished... the players would have had an early visit by Rhaz Azul... So Basically... there are a lot of factors to consider... and LOTS of Customizability ... they were playing 6 players ... so for more of a Challenge... you may want to do the Hard Side of the Scenario and normal Objectives... or Vice Versa.. etc... there are lots of options when ramping difficulty for players in the Tomb! few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does EOP member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed EU to EU for us Euros to avoid customs/VAT costs etc 3) what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly @Barry Morgan 1) The Eternal Order of Perseus is the Society all of the Characters are in... and also the section of the Rulebook that the Backers will be under if they supported us Adventurer Level and Above 2) I am corresponding with Amazon Fulfillment and Getting that Answer... but from what I've seen on other Kickstarters, YES ... VAT is knocked off for the EU and you wont have to worry about it because we pay that cost. Our full intention is to be using Amazon Fulfillment! 3)We have "Age 13 and up" on the box... however... Think of Indiana Jones, Tomb Raider, and The Mummy... Think about if your Kids find those too scary and that should give you a good gauge... About complexity... the Reading level is moderate ...so very young children might need an Adult or a bit of an Older Student to read the cards and help with the scenario. However, this Game is an Excellent Reading Practice tool for Reluctant Readers! :) "Nice video. Explains quite a bit about the game. After watching I'm still not sure how movement works. The video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. Was this to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table?" Scott Sinelli: Hey! Movement is quite simple! Basically the character sheet has a movement number for each character and for 1 Action, you may move Up To that many movement. Each Tile costs 1 movement. When you Explore a New Tile, find a new room and draw one from the Tile Stack, this stops your movement for that turn. The exploration action is a part of Movement in a sense where you're only spending 1 action to move and explore... however, if you have lots of movement and you move only 1 through a new door... you don't get the remaining movement points... your movement stops. :) Thanks for the comment. Hope that helps! @Maken X: Yes indeed ... you will need some space for this game... Sometimes depending on how far you decide to explore you'll open up alot of rooms etc... of course when you play with less players, it takes up a bit less space. This video shows a FULL Game for your enjoyment! :) @Sully : The Video is Up there! Feel free to comment there and I will respond to you over there if you'd prefer! :) And I'm happy to hear any and all suggestions which I will sincerely take into real consideration! Thanks so much! I agree that small rule ideas could potentially help and as I've said before... I can't do this without YOU guys! So thanks so much and thanks for the comment! "1 question about the courage : You said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? I thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no? 1 remark : For visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. Just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get." @Grouik: Question:Yes: if a Monster has a 2 courage you would only gain +1 Back... in video I used an Odd number to explain the idea and concept of "Rounding Up" ;) Sorry if it confused you a little... I wanted to show the rounding up idea and concept. Remark: That is an excellent observation and I honestly will take that into consideration! We haven't found really any issues with the back and just passing the monster around... however.. we could certainly draw from the bottom of the monsters just like the Story card deck :) Thanks for your Comments! @Alvaro Very interesting observation... Very Glad you ENJOYED! :) We created the rules in this way to keep gameplay streamlined as well as moving along in a quick manner ... I definitely see your point for sure and I will take it into consideration and I definitely understand what you're saying about monsters attacking and moving towards specific or "Random" players... but my justification is: Because it's a Cooperative Game: the Players will Scream and Yell, Taunt and Attack the Monster that they want to be able to defend other players... This is a way to give the players a bit more freedom while ultimately helping to streamline gameplay for players overall... Each added dice roll, even though it seems quick and easy... believe it or not... adds time and more mechanics to the game! However! In Regard to Competitive Mode: That's where what you're saying comes into play! Monster's definitely will be moving toward weaker and sometimes random opponents! This is because the other players are NOT helping that player and therefore the Monster's have more of a mind of their own! ;) Wonderful Points sir! I appreciate your Support and Kind Words! Thanks so much! We can't do this without you! Yes indeed! Hope you Enjoy! :) It's HERE!!! Uploaded and ready!!! Enjoy! <url>"Stretch Goal Unlocked" you guys are awesome!!! Ya gotta Love 13 don't ya? Lucky 13!!! JUDAS! Rofl! @Grouik Indeed! He's a Workhorse! We're not a Huge Team... but we're a good one! :) Hey Kevin! I added the Backer Badges to the Bottom of the Main Page... Also guys.. I created some NEAT .GIF files for BGG for Secrets of the Lost Tomb... if anyone wants one.. feel free to email me directly and I'll email you the 3 Gifs I created :) Secret Societies, Character Montage, The Tomb, and Secrets of the Lost Tombs Symbol ... <email> :) @Brio : Sorry about that! I will add them into the Main Front page asap! Thanks! @Brio check update #6... They are in there!!! Thanks so much for your support!!! @brio hey.. Yes we made backer badges... They are in the updates... Ill tell you which one @Kevin thanks so much for the awesome support!!! We can't do this without you!!! So glad we're almost at the next Stretch!!!! @Grouik lol... @Alvaro Absolutely!!!! Thanks so much! We certainly don't want you to rate the game unless you're sure about what you want to rate it!!! ;) no pressure on any of it... We appreciate all of your help so much! Thank you! Thanks for the Hard work Ninjace!!! Lol Igor... :P Lol... That wasn't Rhaz Azul... HEY.... Count Dracula ... Who Let you into the Tomb?!!? Check out this New Article on <url>" ;) @Grouik Have no Fear! EEG is here! We will work are Epic Butts off to make sure everything is great for YOU ... The Best Backers in the World! :) @Scott Sinelli Not At All Scott! I honestly REALLY appreciate you bringing it up here because it's something I wanted to talk about with the backers and I really love how people are discussing it back and fourth! It's really important IMO for us to hear what backers have to say about the Tiles as it's one of the most important parts of our game! We do care! And we want to see people love them! I dont anticipate any production Delays because of Tile design or Quality problems because We will make SURE that they work and are properly prototyped before they are Printed! :) @Grouik .....*Squish* ..... @Grouik ROFL!!!! No no.... It will be here much sooner than That! ... But the Mummy's Curse is HERE NOW!!!! MUAhahahahahAHAHAHHAAHAA... "Look into my eyes... and Become my Slave... I have lived for Thousands of Years and I shall Live for Thousands More!" -- Rhaz Azul, The Immortal... The Pharaoh with the Blue Eyes @Alvaro Im dying over here too! Seriously! haha... Ninjace has been working on it NON-STOP for this entire week... It's about 25mins of Pure Preview! A full out FULL 6 Player game where we show many important aspects of the game! :) He told me Late last night that it should be coming Later today! Sorry for the Delay! We really want it to be AMAZING for you guys! We want you to really enjoy it and get a lot out of it! :) Thanks so much for your understanding and patience with this process. @Grouik Great Observations!!! We are using basically the same size as I've been saying 3.5 X3.5 inch tiles... The actual Interlockers we're working on trying to create a New "Condensed Version" if possible to prevent them from breaking or becoming scuffed and chipped... We're also looking at using a Linen Finish on the Tiles making them more Durable and much more easily dealt. The Drizzt/D&D game Tiles are certainly one of our inspirations where they are and must be, Uniform on all sides... because every time must be the same size to be random... so we just need to perfect the exact locking part so that it's not too tight... not too loose... and is durable! @All Talking About Tiles: Nice Discussion Folks! Definitely would love to hear more about any issues you'd foresee with Interlocking Tiles... because as of right now... It seems like most people would like them! So we want to keep that going and I want to get some Samples ready for your Viewing soon! :) @Karsten You can Actually just "Message" the Project creator personally without actually pledging! So feel free to reach out to them! @Maken X Yes a GripMat could potentially be nice... We are going to look at it and we are also Highly considering the Interlocking Tiles... If we go with Interlocking, The GripMat probably becomes Redundant... :) Thanks for the comment! @Sully... My Thoughts Exactly! Thanks for the Comment!!! Keep Em Coming Folks! :) I really wanna know what Everyone Thinks! Thanks All! @Backers Hey all! We've been working on some great prototypes of the interlocking tile designs and we will share some design ideas soon (Pictured soon) I've actually been corresponding With Gripmat... Nice people... Ill let you know what happens with that soon too... However we still love interlocking tiles which are great especially when you want to move where a piece of the tomb to another part of the table... Slide all parts together. Keep discussing... I really want to hear what everyone thinks because it's a really important topic for the game component ease of use. @Sean Russell Thanks so much for Sharing with your Friends!!! The Video is Coming Very soon! We really want you to be able to have a good opportunity to experience the game in the best way we can! I look forward to hearing what you think about interlocking once you've seen the Video! Vault Updates are coming soon! We are hard at Work on it...We gave such a Big Giant DOUBLE Tomb Expansion in the First Vault Unveiling that It's taking a little time to catch up :P However, we promise it will be worth the Wait! Thanks so much for your support! We really appreciate it and We can't do this without you! @Grouik We Hopeth So! We want to really push as quickly through the stretch goals as possible.... We also want to add more cool things to the Vault... :) @Scott GREAT Questions!!! The Tiles in the Photos are similar size... (Prototype Game) however, the Size might change in the final product... We are highly considering Posting a Poll / Survey to our Backers about doing Interlocking Tiles! I know I personally really love Interlocking Tiles... What Do you think about Interlocking Tiles? @Greatlich I put up a LARGE Tomb Pic (Outdoors) for everyone to Check out... Here's the Link: <url>"Grooovy!" lol... I'm definitely a Fan! We will certainly be looking into a Necronomicon Influenced world! We're also looking into having a Blog/Forum where Players and Fans can submit and create ideas for Scenarios and we can potentially Work with players on creating the Scenario Scripts of their Dreams! :) If anyone has cool ideas about Forums or Blogs like that feel free to let me know what you think about that idea! :) @Holley Yes Indeed! The entire Level 3 of the Tomb is of an Asian Influence! (China, India, Etc...) So we are definitely delving into the Asian World of Mythology. @Christian HEY! We actually have a Pirate Ship (Sunken) in one of our tiles... in the "Lake of Cam Picchu" ... We certainly have Lots of Tile ideas!!! :) About Antarctica: We so far are on a tropical Island in the Atlantic that goes down to the depths of the earth to Atlantis hidden under the Tomb... However... there may be a way for us to get to an ICY world :P We will have to consider it for sure... also, keep in mind, we've created a Game System... therefore, we have many possibilities for Future game titles and expansions :) It would be awesome to fight a Yeti / Wendigo right? If anyone ever has a suggestion, comment, request, please message me or comment here... Because we honestly care about what you think and what you want. Your suggestions are very valuable to us as we are always striving to become better and make our games the best we can for you! @Holly... Thanks so much! But honestly... You guys truly are the Best Backers In The World!!! I don't see you as just a bunch of random people... I see you as respected Gamers, peers, and producers... What you WANT, is honestly what we want... Out company quote is "Of the gamer, by the gamer, and for the gamer!" Because we can't do this without YOU! ;) @S2 Adventures Thank you very much! We are Ultra Excited! It only keeps getting BETTER! :) @McBain Thank you so much for your support! LOL Butters?!?! haha Freeze you in the Snow! We promise this will be worth the wait! Well Everyone! Looks like Lady Rocket has JOINED THE TEAM! @Grouik LOL... Just saying that I appreciate all of you amazing Backers! :) @Grouik Yes! But all of you are my heroes! ;) @Triplash Awesome! Gotta love when you can relate with characters! Yeah ... Lady Rocket has a very cool background story and is a valuable member of the Eternal Order of Perseus! @Holly Keas Yes! We're almost there! :) @Maken X ahah... Percy Jackson Definitely a fan! :) @christian Thor 's Hammer has always been on our minds... Let me see what I can do... Hah ha @mcbain what's "Bainweed"? Lol Love your ideas Holly!!!! Hey All! Just a friendly reminder to hop on BoardGameGeek.com and post comments on our Pictures... If you can post a few that's great... If you can post on em all and thumbs up em all ... Thats AMAZING! We're at #1 On the Hotness List and we want to stay there as long as possible... This will help us get to our Stretch Goals and Get to those Miniatures!!! Thanks so much everyone! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! @rad maybe we can have a Netflix hangout online and all watch a movie (like Indiana Jones) at the same time... Like a Google hang out or something hahaha @grouik no problem;) Thanks for the comment and for helping to spread the word! @Grouik they're actually the same videos as here :P haha Those would be amazing!!! I will have to start writing the Screenplay Immediately :) You guys write the Best Comments in here lol @BrimstoneTrollMike ROFL! Hah! That would be Fantastic! :P Pulp Action Serial :) Honestly... this content would make excellent TV Series / movies :) @Grouik Absolutely!!! I am a huge fans of TONS of games! That's the best thing about Board Games... It's fun to have a huge variety! :) @Grouik Check out his Website <url>"pre painted miniature" sets (Similar to how Arkham Horror does it) where people who love Pre-painted minis can obtain them :) I will certainly keep you all informed as I learn new things! @christian Ditto... Thanks for the continued support!!! So excited!!! @realm master Thank you!!! We can't do this without you!!! You backers are amazing !!! @Glen when we hit the goal we will make all Minis that are for all packs! Base game will come with character minis for core characters... And we will make minis for all bosses which will come separately... However... Glory Seeker gets all Minis :) @alvaro just like Christian said... You get a survey at the end of the campaign. You will be able to add on any add ons then too ;) Thanks for the comment Thanks so much everyone... YOU'RE THE BEST BACKERS IN THE WORLD! ;) you guys are awesome!!! @Triplash Thanks so much for your support! LOL "Sir Not Appearing in this Board Game" haha.... Thanks for checking us out on BGG... Please leave Comments on the Pics on BGG! We love to hear what you think! :) @Karsten thanks so much for joining the Hunt! :) @Grouik On BGG? That's to show the Characters we've created... However, Fear Not! I have faith that we will make it through the stretch goals to get everyone all the great characters! :) The Stretch Goal Characters will be Included in the Base Game :) @Scott Sinelli Yes Indeed... The base game comes with 8 Characters, (2) The Female Characters are Bianca Sinclair and Libby Villa ... We have two more Females (Heidi DuPont and Lady Rocket) in our stretch goals and we will also be including a lot more characters in our Adventure Packs! (They have not yet been revealed because they are connected to the Legendary Pledge level backers) @Christian LOL.... Santa's "Clause" the Reindeer from the Deep and the Atlantian Elves ... The Holiday Pack :P (Note: These are Just Jokes for now... however... in the event they go Viral ... well.... LOL) @Snowren24 Indeed!!! Thank you so much for Joining our Expedition! Prepare for the TOMB! :) @Greatlich Just a Kiss away from getting to that "Barbarossa's Barbary" Adventure Set!!! :) Lets get there!! :) I believe in you guys! You're the greatest! @BristoneTrollMike Yes Indeed! Thanks! We're very thankful for everyones support! :) @Rad Yes Indeed! Let's get Us funded so we can get those Characters and get those Boss Monsters made for all to enjoy! :) @Rad Yes Indeed... I'm a Backer of his Project.. It looks very cool! :) I try to support as many projects as I can! :) @Joe Passingham It's because of you guys! :) Thank you! @Maken X : It's because of YOU amazing Backers that we were able to do this! @Everyone!!!! "Yo Rhaz Azul!!! We DID IT!" :) #1 Hotness of BoardGameGeek Fame! :) Wonderful Excellent Amazing Tremendous, Stupendous... Well I could keep going... but you get the idea! You guys are out of this world awesome! Thank you so much for your help! May we stay on top today and for the remainder of the campaign and Beyond! :) Thanks so much guys! You're the Best Backers in the World!!! @Adam Thanks so much for joining the Adventure! We appreciate your help in joining our expedition! We can't do this without you! :) How's everyone doing? We're at 89% !!! You guys are really doing great! Thanks for doing so much for this campaign! @grouik... Rofl... Indeed... The pirate set must be completed!!! ;) let's do this! I know you guys can do it ;) @ McBain indeed... Thank you so much for your support... We Can't do this without you!!! Thanks everyone for your amazing Support! :) Let's keep it going !!! Yo Ho, Yo Ho, a Funded Life For Us! :) @Grouik and Rad Yes you're right... KS Does not allow any contests on Kickstarter :) Thanks for the Comments! :) @Grouik and Rad: Our Plan (SPOILER ALERT) is to have an official BGG Contest towards the End of the Campaign! :) We will certainly update you when we do launch it! :) @Grouik .... Indeed Landlubbers! See "One if by Land... Two if By Sea" :P The Kraken is there! Reaching out to more Publications and then Posting them on Kicktraq can help! :P @Grouik Most Definitely! Feel Free to send me a message with any ideas you have! Let's make this happen! I'll have to see about Richard Launius of Arkham Horror Fame! :) I'm definitely posting on Facebook Alot... Please Like Everything Epic Games on Facebook <url>"The Lake of Cam Picchu" and "The River Styx" and also we have the new Atlantis Level! :) (There are also a couple more as well) @Grouik The Eternal Order or Perseus symbol is the Profile Face of Perseus Himself! See This Link: <url>"The Eternal Order of Perseus" It's all a part of the Game's Storyline and also what you'll be listed as in the Rulebook under the backer Section! :) See the FAQ for more info :) Thanks so much for the question! @Christian... Sexiest Backer Ever Award?! The "SBE" Award? ... lol... what did you have in Mind? @Shadowbooth Thank you for your Support!!! We can't do this without you!!! @Kevin Thanks so Much for backing at Legendary! We will certainly work with you to Create the Character of your Dreams! Looking forward to it!!! :) @Maken and Christian: Well well my friends.... Please keep in mind that The Meridian of Medusa is the upper floor of the Tomb.... the area INSIDE of the Pyramid Eye Section that the Green Glowing Light comes out of on top! This area is Filled with Secret Societies and even more Mysterious Treasures that are going to really help Scratch that National Treasure Itch! I'm Definitely a big Fan of the National Treasure franchise and I look forward to a sequel... I will Certainly consider thinking up some Scenario Scripts for that type of adventure feel (Set in the Pulp-Era of course) Keeping the continuity Going! ;) @Tom Check this Update for More Info! <url>"Hotness Activated..." WOO ... You guys are AWESOME!!! :) I knew it! ;) (And Harvey Dent! ... But Mostly You Backers! ) :P We Can Do This!!! I believe in you! @Greatlich Update Just In! :) <url>"Plan B" for everyone :) I'll be posting that update soon! Fear Not! We Care about our Backers very Much and we Will never let you Down! ;) You Guys Did an AMAZING JOB Today... BGG Support, Good amount of Backers! and Really FUNNY Comments on those BGG Pics! LOL! Lets Keep that momentum going! :) Hahah! Indeed! I know how that is for sure! AKA "SoB" lol..... But anyway... We can't wait for you to see the Gameplay Video this weekend (Posting Approx. Sun) and you'll see what we mean about our passion! :) @Tom Hoefle Well Done Sir! It Will Only get Better and Better as the Campaign Goes On! :) Black Friday 9 Hours Left with 37 More Backers needed for Promotion 1! @Greatlich Indeed! The Black Friday Promo is going on NOW! Tell your friends to come on over and help push us over the top! :) Let's try to get us fully funded today and get this Black Friday Promo Set to Everyone! @Rad Thank you! :) @Robert EOP means the "Eternal Order of Perseus" which is the Society that all of the characters are members of! This is all a part of the story and a part of the background of the game.. Basically the Order is a group of Protectors and a Shield for Humanity against powers that are too much or too dangerous to be let out into the world! (Sorta like the Men in Black and the Librarian if they were all connected to Ancient Greece and the legend of Medusa and their arch-nemesis are the Draconians of the Drakkus Brotherhood! :) An addition to the mythos of the world and civilizations and legends that we know and love... reborn! Also, you will be put in the rulebook as a member of the Eternal Order of Perseus as well! (For Backing) :) Thanks so much for your Comment! We really appreciate your support! We can't do this without you! @Joe! Fear Not! We will make sure that you and all of our backers will get even more incentives as the campaign goes on... This is only the start of the 5th day active... we have even more in the next 39 days that we want to share with you... the best backers in the world!!! Thanks so much for your support! :) We can't do this without you! @Grouik There are times when You'll want to Work together to defeat a Monster... when you're a room with a Monster and you outnumber the Monster, each character gets a bonus to combat! If you go out separate, You'll be able to explore more and cover more ground... it might be risky... but it helps open up more of the Tomb faster, and usually gets more objectives complete quicker! (But again ... can be dangerous but also very FUN :) @Paolo & Others, Also make sure you comment on all of the pictures (Even if you just say a couple quick words) That helps get the game even more noticed. :) The comments are some of the most important part! Thanks very much! I want to get you guys these awesome Black Friday Adventures! Lets do this! @Grouik There are a decent amount of actions (To keep it interesting and to give players control over their characters) However, once we have the gameplay videos up, we think you'll have a much better sense over how the gameplay will flow with the actions. There are certainly a good number of symbols which help to make the game even more user-friendly and fast paced. It allows players to "at a glance" know what Attribute to roll or what card to draw... etc... This, once again, will make sense, once we have the video up and you see the flow of the game (we also will be including player reference cards with the game to help players with learning the symbols... once again, we've been doing our best to make them as easy to learn as possible! :) Thanks so much for the comment and questions! We really appreciate it!!! Can't do this without you! @Joe Passingham Thank You Very Much! Update Coming Soon for our Black Friday Promotion Special! Stay Tuned! I'll be posting an Update with lots of Info on ways you'll be able to Help us Promote the game and help us get closer to getting Miniatures made and in your games! Getting all the info out! It's some very tantalizing new material... I believe you'll all enjoy! @Maken X We're Still working on it! It's going to take some time to get the answer on Pre-Painted Minis as an option! : ) @Paolo Passafaro Yes Paolo, all of those items are already available in the "Add-On Menu" near the bottom of the Kickstarter Main Page. Thanks for the Question!!! @Paolo! We are working hard to get even more great art!!! Not all artwork is final... As you can tell, artwork is extremely important to us... So I hope you can understand that since this is a very high powered artwork game that it takes some time to get each and every piece ;) I hope you really love the art :) Thanks for your comment!!! @rad @christian My observation is probably, since they're in Spain, they couldn't get the information about their license to Kickstarter quick enough for proper approval.... Its a tough franchise... Im certainly a fan... Enjoy the old school and new school ;) @Grouik: Yes Indeed! George Patsouras is the main Portrait Artist for characters and we are also using a lot of other talented artists for Monsters like (Rhaz Azul and Herathulhu, the Forsaken King and more!) Room tiles and other great artwork is being done by Jim Samartino (Ninjace) one of our Partners here at EEG. @Grouik The Main Cooperative Story Mode part of the game is like watching a New Adventure movie every time you play... (The Tomb is basically in a time and space vortex, so every time you go there and stop the Evil from being released the Tomb Resets itself) Meaning when you choose a new adventure script it is a whole new adventure into the tomb with it's own new layout, new order and objectives (double sided) and it's own Boss Monster! The Achievement System is more for the Competitive (not cooperative mode) where you go and destroy monsters, complete story cards, and successfully find great items and artifacts and get out of the tomb before Time Runs out!!! I will try to get a Character Work-Up on the Main Campaign characters for everyone ASAP! Thanks so much for your comments! We really appreciate it! @Grouik! Rules PDF is being completed for artwork, layout, and graphic design. We are working very hard to make sure the rules are extremely well laid out and easy to understand. (This is very important to us so we dont want to rush it) Replayability: Yes indeed! Definitely check out the FAQ on Replayability where I say a little more) but to answer your question about the Adventure Scripts, there are 4 in the base game that will be "Double Sided" One side is Normal side and the other side is the "HARD" side... If you look at the examples of the scripts, you will see up-close that they have "Boxes" with text... The boxes are to be filled in with "Objective Cards" which are randomly selected every game. Also for some adventures you might have to do some things in order, where for others you might be able to do them in any order. All of the Monsters spawn randomly and so do the Room Tiles! So it has lots of replayability. We also include competitive modes which allow you to use the game in other ways because of it's versatility. And just as you mentioned, there are lots of extra scripts that we have created and that we will continue to make for the game :) Thank you so much for pledging! We really appreciate it! We can't do this without you! Thanks so much for your comments and questions! @Christian Thanks very much! I posted a bunch more... they just haven't been approved by admin yet... Thanks again all! @Greatlich Thanks Very much! Definitely going to do our best! And about Gameplay Video we are certainly going to do the Gameplay Video! We want to really have it the best it can possibly be to really teach you the game and highlight the game rounds, game phases, combat, scenarios/objectives, characters, and much more! Coming ASAP! @Greatlich Yes ... We have some similarities indeed! The Vault and the stretch goals are all included! There's a lot of content now and it will continue to grow with the project :) @Jonathan - Yes indeed sir! Things happened so fast on the first day... we are doing the best we can to get this content out as quickly as possible! Thanks so much for understanding! We created the $235 Level specifically for reasons and cases like your own! The Vault of Perseus will continue to get better... Even the regular base price is a great value and will only get better!!! :) Thanks so much for backing and for supporting us! We really appreciate it and we can't do this without you! Thanks for being the best!!! @Paolo Passafaro, Thank you so much! George did a wonderful job on our characters! With "The Legendary" pledge we are having George do the artwork for all of the Backer characters too! :) Also in regard to Minis... They are going to be Varied.. I will be posting more characters Up-Close as the Campaign Progresses... some of them might be in action poses etc... but many of them are to be similar to their character Portraits. The Proportion of Tiles to Minis will work well... when we post the Gameplay Video, you'll have the opportunity to see the Tomb a bit more Up-Close and Personal :) Thanks so much for the Comments! @Rad (Sent a New Update with Updated Profile Pics!) @christian Thanks so much for the awesome Suggestions! We are Indeed on BGG ... I am working right now to get a ton of Photos uploaded on BGG... <url>"Every 113 Years..." haha! Thanks so much! You're the best backers in the world! (Now we need another 113 .. the next coming of the Gorgon's Head Comet and the Tomb!!!) Lets get in that Tomb and get this Adventure Rolling like a HUGE BOULDER!!! :) @jdadams1 I hope that Helps!!! Thanks Again for the Great Questions! @jdadams1 Excellent Questions! I Preface with this is an extremely Exciting Point for me so I am going to put this in the actual FAQ of the Kickstarter because its rather Long for Comments Section! But Ill also copy here for your convenience! Replayability and Versatility are one of our main focus points of the game design for our game system... Just to give you an idea... Each Scenario Script is broken up in to "Scenes" which are those boxes in the Example Pictures in the Adventure Packs that you see... The game comes with a deck of "Objective Cards" which will be randomly shuffled and then dealt out on top of those locations... Each objective card gives a specific set of requirements needed to complete... Such as... "Explore 5 Rooms on Level 2" ... or "Defeat 3 Monsters on Level 1 and Search 1 Red Room" These Objectives, when completed are removed from the scenario card and hidden beneath is the Flavor Text and story progression that you read aloud after completing it. Depending on the scenario script you will have a different number of Objectives, different order in which they're to be completed, and different Scene Set-Up each time... Additionally, Each Script is DOUBLE SIDED! There is a Normal Difficulty and a HARD difficulty which will have some variation in Time of Gameplay, amount of objectives, Some Story Points might differ, as well as the overall difficulty and pacing of the game. Also, most Tomb Monsters are randomized in a Card-Based system, so when youre exploring, or when a Tomb Card Spawns a new Monster, you never know what youre going to get! Another thing, when you're exploring the tomb, every tile is Random (except the Starting Tiles that are always there from set-up) Also, Some Special Story Cards (Adventure/Misadventure cards) have Secret Quests sort of a Side Quest on the back that you will acquire while playing the game these side quests help mix it up a bit while accomplishing the main story you can sort of go off the main path If you dare! and try to acquire some big bonuses and rewards by defeating extra monsters searching rooms etc And the Characters! Each character is very Diverse! Trying the game with different characters is going to make a big change in the strategy (depending on players etc) You will see a lot of this and MORE in the Gameplay Video, which we want to have up here this weekend (ASAP!) Last but not least Weve created some new Modes of Play and also have some New Modes, which wed like to add with our stretch goals, which will help give the game some new directions to go in We have an Optional Competitive Mode currently that is played off of a Point Based Achievement System and some other very interesting other Competitive Modes that will really add much more replay-ability and diversity to the game! @Sean and Sixpence Thanks for watching my back... The Tomb really can just swallow you up sometimes... You never know when you might ... FALLLL! Lol... such a weird glitch though... I emailed Kickstarter to Check into in just in case... I re-uploaded those Pics Manually to get them back to normal. Again.. Thanks for the Heads up Sean! Hey All! That was a really weird Glitch.. I did an update on the page and it changed my profile Picture and the Project Main Picture! Please let me know if you see anything else weird or out of place! Thank you!!! Should be Fixed now... But my Creator Pic is now the same too! Weird!!! Must be the Power of the Tomb!!!! @ Sean That is SO Weird!!! Thanks ... I'm trying to Figure it out now! @Greatlich Thank you very much! We will continue to work as hard as we can for all of You! It's all about You ... The Best Backers in the World! :) Thanks so much for all of your support! We can't do this without you! @Rad @jdadams1 Indeed! It is a Cooperative Game with its Main Story Coop Mode! We also have some other additional competitive modes of play that work a bit differently... These things will certainly be cleared up with the Videos that we are adding soon! Thanks for the Comments Rad! @Thad I can see where you're coming from with that... The Pledge Level Pictures show the "All 4 Adventure Packs" that you get in brackets... However, if you find this confusing, I will review and see if I can make it potentially more clear! Thanks for your suggestions! As always, I appreciate your comment Thad! @jdadams1 Thanks for the great Question! The Main Cooperative Mode of Play does not have Player Elimination exactly... basically, you work together to explore the tomb and complete objectives and progress through the story... There may be times when a player's character will be defeated (Lose all HP) or Flee the Tomb (Lose all Courage to -10) In these cases, the player will be allowed to choose a new character from the Remaining Unused characters and enter the tomb to continue playing with their allies! If at any time there are no Characters remaining...OR if the Comet has reached the End Point and the Plot Twist has Triggered... then and only then will a player be completely eliminated (Usually in the Final Fight at the End of the Game). There are lots of items and abilities that help heal characters and even potentially resurrect them! Thanks for the Great Question!!! @Tahd The Journey to the Tomb is an Outdoor special oversized large tile that you can travel on (as a game additional option) from the Sea-Plane to the Tomb... with special unique outdoor events, encounters, and "Monsters" ( Things you'd find in a Jungle and more!) on the way... You might find useful items, or perhaps a Huge Tiger! ... You never know what you might come across!!! @Tahd Other add ons included. Also Everyone... we've received some feedback that some people could not hear sound on the Main Video! We've updated it! Please let me know if there's any more audio/video issues! Thanks!!!! The "Last Comment" was also @Sean Russell Thank you all for your Comments and Questions! They are very helpful! :) Lets keep it going! You're the greatest! @Thad In Regard to "Extra Stuff Mentioned" - The extras are going to be added Very Soon and They will be added to the Special Glory Seeker Add-On section... Separate from Stretch Goals... This will all make sense very soon once it's added... Sorry for the delay! But it will be worth the wait!!! @Thad and Others RE: Shipping. We are currently only adding $15 for Int. Backers for " Additional Core Game Add-On" Only. (Because of Size and Weight) This is now added to the Bottom of the Add-On List. @Rad Thank you so much!!! We can't do this without all of you wonderful Backers! You're all the best!!! :) @Thad We're doing everything in our power to keep shipping prices for our International Backers as low as possible! There's a lot of content going into this game ... it's going to be jam packed with Goodies! We're working hard to make sure that we keep these shipping costs down and the content that you all get UP! Thanks again Thad for your Comments and Observations! :) @Rad Yes! There is a Plan for BOTH! :) Rules and Gameplay Vid... Our Hope is to have the Gameplay Vid up this weekend... We want to show you a good amount of turns, combat, basically "How to Play" and how it feels to play the game! We want to make this video user friendly and easy to watch! We're working very hard to get this to you all asap! Hey All! We broke $13,000! Lucky 13!!! Now Let's get to $113,000! :) "...Every 113 years..." :) @Thad Thank you for your Observations! I will make a FAQ addition today to make that more clearly stated. We are mostly concerned about Core Game purchases understandably because of the weight and size of the game. Once again, Thanks for the comment Tahd! @John Wrot! Thank you very much sir!!! @Thad Inskepp Yes! We are adding a special Glory Seeker Stretch Goal zone for that special pledge level! Also in regard to shipping... Depending on the base level of your pledge... And the add ons you choose there Might be additional shipping if outside the US. For instance if you add on 1 core game and 3 Adventure packs and your original pledge is "The Adventurer" we may add on a small amount of extra shipping depending on your worldwide location. This is TBD depending on location and amount of add ons. Thank you so much for your questions!!! @Rad Yes Indeed! The EU shipping is included in the pledge that you've selected! We will be shipping from within the EU and other worldwide locations to help keep the shipping costs down! @Greatlich The Glory Seeker is Designed to be of a High Value with Tons of Goodies where you basically get it all in one... But the package is designed to just get Better! (We have some special surprise stretch goals that will effect the Levels... especially content in the Glory Seeker Pledge Level .... we are adding those to the stretch tier soon!) Thanks for the Questions! :) @Diana Thanks so Much! We Love The King's Armory! :) Thanks for Backing! @greatlich No... Those are just examples for the pledge levels... There will be special unique traps for the Trap pack and extended tomb pack... Those are just to show quantity and give backers an idea of what you're getting :) Thanks for the questions!!! @greatlich Thank you so much! We will not disappoint! Demo coming video very soon!!! @Brett Hertzberger : The miniatures are unlocked with the stretch goals! Glory Seeker comes with all miniatures (character and boss monster) other goals will get character minis only. When we hit the stretch goals we then be able to manufacture the miniatures! @s2 adventurers Thank you so much!!! Thank you Matt!!! Looking forward to gaming with you again very soon! Just hit 13 backers... LUCKY 13 now for 113! :) @maken X We are currently looking in to the pre painted miniatures as an additional option and we will update as soon as we know!!! We love painted minis too! Indeed! @Ninjace Production Studios! Yes Indeed... was very excited to see @Brian with his first Comment! And Ultra Excited to see your First Pledge! Thank you so much for your Support @Sixpence Games!!! Yeah! First Comment! Woo Hoo!!!