Happy you are liking your brush Luke. Your suggestion is good and we will take a look at it :) Thanks. @Maura Hagarty First pick-up was made by USPS today. If you are not a Chicago resident, you probably won't see yours before Monday. Look for a fresh update on our Kickstarter page n the next 24–48 hours. @Mary Ann Gaskins – We have posted several updates to our project since October. Those updates are emailed to all backers through the Kickstarter portal. Several backers have realized that some Kickstarter email was getting "junked" in their system. All updates are posted in the "UPDATES" tab on the project site, just above this message if you are reading it on Kickstarter. Scroll through to catch p with where we are at. I think that you will see there that we, in fact, do care about your satisfaction. To all backers – We will have a major update posted on Monday. It will highlight and better explain the current situation better than I will here. We received the first 3200 brushes and rejected almost every one of them. We've worked over the last 2 weeks to rectify the problem we found and production began today on a full replacement order. That, unfortunately, will take 30 days. We now anticipate shipping to backers in the last week of March. There will be tons more detail in the update we are preparing so please look for that to answer most questions I know this note will leave you with. We know it's disappointing to wait. It's been an ordeal for us that we would rather had not happened. We're bolstered by the fact that these brushes are beautiful and work amazingly well. The problems we experienced in this and our last delay are related to durability and longevity of the product. I'm sorry that we have to ask again for your patience. Know that we are consumed by getting these right and getting them to you. Craig – Thanks for the info. I'll look into your suggestions. Rick Maggie, Clive – You should go back into the project and click the button labeled "Manage Your Pledge". Increase your pledge by shipping cost and confirm that you are staying with the same reward level. Thanks, Rick Ewan – We've tested Sensu on the ZAGG shield with good results. The brush feels much the same. The stylus feels a bit more slippery than on the glass directly. We've tried Sensu on a couple of other screen protectors without being sure which brand they were. Good results on all. Thanks, Rick Aza – I'm really curious about this product as well. Saw them at Best Buy. I'll get over there with a brush to answer at least one of your questions. The ad I saw for this tablet was very compelling for me as someone who wants to draw. My iPad is so tied too the rest of my life... Rick John – It's really the capacitive screen technology that forces our stylus and all effective styli on the market to be their current size. The technology requires multiple points of contact to register position and smaller tips don't register well or consistently. We are trying new stuff all the time and keeping our eyes and ears open. We really want the same thing you do for the same reasons. Rick Peter - In our video, the oil paint looking painting was all done in ArtRage. The watercolor look was done in Auryn Ink. Both are amazing apps we love. We also like Sketchbook Pro and Brushes. Thanks for the compliments!! Reiner – The two you mentioned are great apps. We love the crazy 3D look of the acrylic/oil paint in ArtRage. The leading program seems still to be SketchBook. Very deep. Very professional. We really like Auryn Ink as well for its highly realistic watercolor effects. There are many others, but these are the ones we keep coming back to. Reiner – your enthusiastic support is enthusiastically appreciated! Reiner – your enthusiastic is enthusiastically appreciated! Gabriel – Thanks for your support! We checked out your Dad's website and were very impressed. We, too, would like a smaller, pencil-like nib to match with our brush. The reality is that none has successfully created a small stylus nib that satisfies yet. We are following many products, including some that have appeared on Kickstarter, hoping that someone will really perfect this. We continue to seek a way. We'll keep you posted. Rick Cyan – My 9 year old daughter loves her prototype Sensu brushes. Asks me a few times a week "when do the "real ones" get here." I highly recommend Auryn Ink as an app. That's what the little girl in our video is using. Sensu is being made at one of the best brush factories in the world, which is in China. I've worked a lot with these guys over the past 20 years. They are Japanese owned/managed with some export to Japan and thus have strong quality control. Over the years, we've made brushes all throughout Asia, Germany, and Spain. The only people still making brushes in the US basically glue offshore manufactured brush heads to off shore manufactured handles. It's done all the time, and it is legal to say "Made in USA" at that point. Our product will be stamped: "Made in China." Rick Chinico – Thanks for your note! STYLUS: We are very interested in smaller styluses. I'm going to look at some of the others you mentioned. I got a Wacom Bamboo right away and it got mixed reviews in the office. I liked it quite a bit. We liked the tip, but opinions differed on the weight, balance, feel. We have followed fellow-Chicagoan Don Lehman's More-Real project and think he's really on to something. Have you checked out the Zeppelin Stylus Kickstarter project? I've never seen anything write so precisely. We wouldn't be this interested in this if we weren't after the same thing you are. The Sensu tip will be very similar to the Box Wave size and for this effort, we are driving for good contact and a smooth feel. We all sketch in our office and we love the analog gear. It's really driving our curiosity about the right digital solution. CAP: The style of our brush is very similar to a traditional artist travel brush that has been in use for over 100 years as far as we can track. It does take a moment's care to insert the hair tuft into the cap safely, but we assure you it becomes second-nature with only a few uses. That said, we did develop a unique taper to the brush head that keeps the hair more focused toward the center and left off the sharp point usually associated with round brushes. Some of that was driven by our need to contact the screen specifically and definitively, but it also allows an easier time capping the brush . Thanks for your support ! Rick royblumenthal – Thanks for all the kind and supportive words. If you check the bottom of the project page, we cover some apps in the FAQ section. So you want a clip...we spent a good deal of time exploring removable clips today. Hopefully by the time we start retailing these, we will offer a clip-on clip for those who would like to add one and pocket it. We've also ordered some off the shelf versions that may work. My idea for a Sensu pocket protector never got off the ground. Thanks, Rick Tobias – The tip we're developing is intended to work at an angle and contact the screen at a comfortable writing angle. Though flexible, there is metal structure centered within the rubber tip that allows the tip to flex enough. I assure you we'll make any adaptations needed for this to function smoothly as a writing/drawing tool. Thanks for the comment and the support!! Rick Thanks for all the love. Looks like we will make it thanks to all your help!