<url>#14345143 ROFL @J.D. Hunter !! PS: ST DID start shipping out, the first wave of customers should be receiving their tracking numbers today. I dont think Elite is going to be ready for the UPS truck to come until Monday morning. But I could be wrong. I think they may be all done on the 7th but not til late and its a Saturday. We are NOT getting the most attentive service from these usually fantastic service providers. But we are pretty small potatoes and they are dealing with million dollar orders right now for the holidays. REFUND REQUESTS: LAST CALL FOR USA REFUND REQUESTS. Elite and I are having some polite discussions about their sudden 45% increase in fees across the boards, but they are continuing to pack up. Thus I have to send any changes to their spreadsheet TODAY. If you want a REFUND on your KS order email <email> ASAP.: ) International shipping bill updates: <url>´s office, I responded as calmly and as honestly as I could : ) How exactly did you want to be communicated with after identifying yourself as a legal plaintiff? Corporate fraud has an average sentence of 10 years in prison per participant, as well as a seizure of all assets and an immediate injunction on all commercial activities of the defendant; BEFORE the trial. This could feasibly prevent any of the games from being distributed, any accounts being paid to our freight forwarder, warehousing and fulfillment companies. The entire campaign, us, all of the backers and pre-orders would be screwed. And you have claimed to have initiated proceedings to attempt to inflict this upon me, my family, and our company. Perhaps you were just trying to get attention? I dont know but, again, I tried to respond to your message about filing charges as professionally and as sweetly as I could. I am glad you have kept up on our announcements and updates. You should be aware then, that KS backers that want a refund were promised to get one after the game arrives and processes. (To ensure the necessary funds were available to fulfill our promises.) This has been stated several times throughout the website and in updates and again, recently on KickStarter. We have also responded to any zendesk tickets created concerning refunds in this way. We would have responded to you through our customer service program in ZenDesk as well, except we have not received any messages from you in there. (in your defense, I can tell you are probably just a KS browser and our communications on such details have not been the best on KS as our default update gateway is the game´s website. This continues to be a breakdown for us. I assume this, because your user account shows no activity.) Im not trying to be nasty, or defensive or reactionary here. Im just stating how it is. You wanted to let me know you are coming after me and mine. Okay, message received. Perhaps you wanted an additional and personal apology from me instead of my acknowledgement of your actions? I have given many I assure you. I am very sorry that the game has taken as long as it has. It just wasnt my initial or secondary reaction to your accusations of criminal activity. I AM trying to handle negative feedback better. Perhaps I still have a long way to go. But again, as stated before, I think you should have an opportunity for a full refund in the next week after we pay our final shipping bill to our Fulfillment Center in the USA. POST SCRIPT ¨ I checked and we DO have ONE request sent via KS last month, Oct 25th. It is the only communication from you since the KS campaign launched. The only communication ever actually. Are you fibbing about your NUMEROUS requests buddy? Why would you bother being dishonest about something like that? To make us sound worse than we are? Regardless, this is also a bit of a breakdown for us, I thought KS messages were auto forwarding and creating tickets for us in ZenDesk. They were for a while but have not recently. I just tested it. If it HAD worked then you would have gotten a response through that system saying what I said before, refunds may be possible after processing the games through fulfillment. Any requestors orders are being flagged for non shipment so they wont be processed and available for a refund. Walkthrough for mobile users: Walkthrough Act 1: <url>#14108238 @luds If you have already paid international shipping then you can ignore the drop point pickup system. Although since Shipping to Canada has quadrupled since the KS campaign, you could do us a favor and choose to pick up anyway and save us from eating the extra $25 that the $9 doesnt cover : ) But totally optional of course. Perhaps if the game wasnt so late the Canadian shipping wouldnt have had time to get so high. Just a reminder for everyone to check their MyAccount page at www.BecomeMagi.com. Here you can verify everything that is coming to you, adjust your shipping addresses, and for Non-USA orders select a pick-up location to decrease your shipping costs. If you have any problems logging into your account or seeing your inventory email magisupport@unbound-games.com Include your KS email as well as your BecomeMagi email & username if you have one. (People were all assigned a username and password a few months ago if they did not have an account already so check your email for that.) The MyAccount information is directly and dynamically linked in real time to our order fulfillment centers, so THAT is the information they will be going off of. This will create Yeah those Post Essen threads really went downhill huh. I was pretty sleep deprived and wrung out by that point, my tone kept coming across differently than I intended. And each attempted correction made it worse. The personal attacks on Michael Pedersen were definitely ill advised as well. He's often a fly in my honey, but of course snapping at him in public isnt going to do the game any favors. Im not a very old hand at Forum debates, as you can tell. But I learned alot from this last flurry. As far as these other concerns: "he misrepresented it at the beginning of the funding term." I think we have addressed and tried to explain this one quite a bit (see Valentine's Day Update and Explanation) which hails back to when we asked for agreement from KS backers to extend the ship date out to October 31st, 2012, before the KS campaign ended. We thought we could make some edits and improvements to the game with the extra funds, the complexity of which also snowballed away from us causing massive delays. But wasnt explained in those other explanations and apologies, was that: with the unforeseen difficulties of shifting a product from manufacturer estimates then to samples to actual production EITHER date was going to be inaccurate as it turns out, whether we tried to improve the game or not. We were only superficially aware of this last February. (We thought we had gotten over the bulk of those issues by that time. How wrong we were. So many more were awaiting us over the next 6 months.) I wonder when the game would have shipped if we hadn't touched a thing. NOT in the 2.5 months that is for sure. So it will always remain a legitimate complaint that JD has proffered. The delivery time WAS misrepresented, grossly. Although definitely not intentionally if that sweetens it a bit. As far as losing interest goes. Hell I think many of us at UNBOUND have lost interest at times. How can a backer stay 'interested' for 18 months straight? Not really possible, (although its amazing how many have kept on solid for so long : ) As much as Serpent's Tongue thrived off of Hype for a really long time, at some point it doesnt matter. Fortunately, the game development does not really require an ongoing interest. I mean to say, whether people remain interested in the game throughout the entire extended production process, improvement process etc... does not dramatically affect the quality of the game, its mechanics etc... SO, we are left with a game on the way, after many many delays, and we will see if people like it or not. (So far, from the initial players, the response has been gratifying ecstatic, with the only primary reservation (like from distributors and licensors and publishers over here in Europe) being that its a pretty dense and complex game at first. We will have to continue to strive to work for accessibility going forward I believe. ) Well i dunno about petty or elitest or whatever... but perhaps short sighted? Im not sure. I dont know exactly whats at the root of your annoyance with how im running this company you have invested into. But what i do know is that All of my efforts are to make you happy. Happy with the game, with the community, with your accessibility to matches and ARG moments, with the potential return on your investment and with the end experience of being a Magi in Serpents Tongue. That's what every single decision we make is based off of and directed towards. It was my JOB to get ST to Essen, the job you all ostensibly hired me to do, because it helps fulfill many of those goals. And im knocking my brains out to do it to the best of my ability. Beyond my best. Let me confess that's its actually quite grueling and has required sacrifices in every aspect of me and my wife's life. But we do all this so that all Magi will be deliriously happy with the experience they have invested into and have waited for. Its synergistic, the more Magi out there that love the game the more complete and flushed out the world of ST is and the more Magi that there will be out there and loving the game etc... its a positive feedback loop. Anyway, I might not give enough reach arounds DURING the process, but im busy trying to make you very happy in the end. You think Im doing a bad job? I suppose you can critique as much as you want. And I suppose that's your right as an investor. But bear in mind every minute I spend explaining myself is less work I get done : ) A bit unfortunate as this was the day we ponied up for a single day of BGG's front page leader banner! <url>#at=29 An explanation of the Out of Eden system thats part of your deluxe set here: <url>"people who gave you money are COMPLETELY DISRESPECTED by your lack of information and communication." Over 45 official updates this past year, an average of one update every 9 days. over 2000 developer forum posts talking about the game. Every Spell, Spec, Artifact, plus the Rules and Walkthrough part 1 and 2 posted online in a format that lets you discuss them, vote on them even make errata and propose it. Two Town Hall meetings, and a Video explanation and apology of every detail contributing to delays. Can you point to ONE kickstarter game project that has more communication than this? Apparently THIS is still not enough, because its not coming in a consistent pattern. Something we will have to rectify. But don't you dare say we disrespect our kickstarter backers, the KickStarter backers are KINGS to us, otherwise we would have done NONE of the above. We would have just quietly worked until the game was ready to ship, as MANY ks projects do. Our KS promise was to make a game, not create a day by day developer diary of the process. When ever time ran short we always opted to invest our efforts into our primary promise. But on a more pleasant note we have just enlisted a new Volunteer P.R. Director Gran Laku Orakulu who will be making sure that information is posted at least weekly and spread across all available mediums including repeating all information from BecomeMagi.com (our primary info outlet) over onto KickStarter. Even our long suffering and extremely patient Serpent's Tongue backers are growing restless I know. Just a few more days and we will have a comprehensive update, features, materials, images, and dates for you. @Akin, Brian will be in touch, to either send out a new survey or verify that your survey was already filled out. Are you ready to speak Serpent's Tongue? Pronunciation guide is posted with audio files here: <url>". These specs would not be in general circulation however, it would be a playable, 'vanity' spec for their own collection. We were looking at 'Vanity' Specs for backers before, and as we enter the final 72 hours we would like to explore this again as a way for our Founder's to obtain a unique interaction with Serpent's Tongue, without breaking their bank. There was some positive and negative feedback last time we introduced the concept. Lets talk about it some more. The concept is to make available uniquely titled specializations incorporating a Backer's name or concept. They would be based off a selection of core specs. Originally we were going to make them ever so slightly more powerful, but the concept of paying for more power did not sit well. The idea is to give backers something special. Wow the WOW community is ...ummmmm,.... harsh. : ) I love our community so much more. The cultivation of a cool, friendly and accepting community as we go forward is a priority, and fortunately we have the right base of Founder's to support that. It is my goal to have a community that is even more respectful and honorable than MTG's. Not to talk smack on that icon of a game. But we want even better. In fact this whole game is about wanting more, designing more, creating more, experiencing more. Anyone who wants Wait listed for Names of Power - will you message me with the words NAME OF POWER in your text? Our late night vigil has precedence however. Con Lang guys are identifying number of extra slots. (not many - maybe 3-5) Interesting question Initiate AwakenedDragon. Sacred Fonts & Eternal Fonts could have some ranks to distribute as a Game Center, which may not happen until launch, which would mean a few more people would be added to the Ordo Principium post launch, but not many. I like this concept, we will work something out for this. We do not have THAT many Fonts so we can be flexible with it. Names of Power have complete input on the words they want to identify them. If something does not fit into the Serpent's Tongue sound set, then the Con-Lang team will work with you to find something that does, that still embodies you. Yes Exactly Name of Power Bluecloak. These last few days are NOT about having our fine Founders increase their pledges to raise more funds. We do NOT want our backers stretched thin. This is about inviting NEW Backers into the community! I think we can hit $140k! We have a last marketing push being orchestrated by a friend of the project - the illustrious WOWHobbs. Should drop in about 30 minutes. In regards to level 3 words vs level 2 words. Serpents Tongue Language 1.0 utilized an expanding vocabulary list - so at level 1, all incantations were formed from some combination of the 18 words of creation (mostly, there were some exceptions and alternate forms), level 2 incantations were formed from those and an additional 60 words. So that a Magi only needed to know about 80 -100 words at level 2. Level 3 built upon that vocabulary and grammar to form a simplistic but fully functioning basic language of hundreds of words. BUT Serpent's Tongue 2.0 is a much more elegantly constructed language created by a TEAM of experts. So this exact model may not hold up but gives you an idea of the differences between words at different levels. But there are only 18 words in the Serpent's Key; these are simultaneously words & letters. Like many ancient languages each letter of the alphabet is ALSO a primary word. The Founder's Codex is in ADDITION to the Core Sets. Initiate Codices will automatically be upgraded to a Founder's Codex unless the Initiate says otherwise in the Post Campaign Survey. Wow... so many interesting comments where to begin? First, welcome new Founders! Thank you for coming on board. Prodigy Speaker Pentad - yah! Thats a great suggestion. Done. Yes our Masters of the Tongue, MAY be performing some serious transforming to fit a Magi's name into the sound system of ST. We should see the results this week actually. Fos Koth Id'Lor sounds pretty cool to me. Indentured first borns are a truly fine currency.... how would KickStarter take their 5% I wonder.... We will continue to discuss with the ConLang team about how many words of power we can offer. We came in at a fairly cautious estimate. There are only about 60 words used among level 2 incantations. (This is very ballpark due to our language overhaul- dont hold me to it.) So you can see that reserving over 10% of them can radically change the feel and sound of level 2 - which also directly impacts on the key phraseology of level 3's. BUT you sleep deprived and Vigilant Magi and Masters we have with us tonight are all next in line if we can get agreement from the language experts for a few more Names of Power. @Becky, Look again. I wanted to update before 10PM - I apologize. Still in a meeting with ST. We have a lot moving as we work these final days. In the world of Serpent's Tongue, it wont be the language that will be changed to fit your name of course, but rather that your Soul Name has evolved into a Serpent's Tongue word of power. By identifying with its essence, aligning with it for so long, over many incarnations, you have become that word. Was making a final check with the ST ConLang team. The new pledge tier will be a Serpent's Tongue phrase for Name of Power. With this reward your name will become a Killing Word IN the language of Serpent's Tongue and utilized heavily in 2nd Level Incantations and Beyond. ( They wont all necessarily BE a killing word, one will be a Healing Word, another a word of Protection and so on.) Anyway THAT is a heads up on the new pledge tier. : ) BTW its coming out in Update #8 later tonight, (You Magi have grown to expect late night updates right?) But a preliminary and CAUTIOUS UK shipping is now live on <url>#5 when its published. Its ready - just waiting for a last few figures and links. Brian also has some pretty amazing shipping strategies for Old World and Asian Founders. There are also going to be a couple new Pledge levels. So if you have been wanting in on a Prodigy class level - stay vigilant. Anyone see the quick Gameplay Walkthrough Brain officiated this weekend. Not the most accurate representation of the game because he's doing a few turns with new players and its all level 1 canon. But its out there. Can you find it? There are other hidden resources as well, the truth behind known legends and stories buried in the ether of the data stream. Hooray! $60k. Thats a real MileStone for us! Thank you Magi. This was the number I was always hoping for - because I knew it would be the approximate amount I would need to make the game how I really wanted to, with the best components, great art and awesome online support. With 12 more days I think we can hit that next Stretch and hopefully 1 or 2 beyond that. All coming out in the FAQ, but I cant help but answer about stretch reward cards. Every level from Apprentice on up will receive all Bonus Stretch reward cards.. So, Eve Speaker, the Artifacts, and any others forthcoming. In addition to their level's KickStarter Bonus Specs and Artifacts. Good morning Magi, we are releasing Update #5 in 24 hours. It will include 5 key features, upgrades & announcements plus answers, answers & more answers. "He that can have patience can have what he will." - Benjamin Franklin, Magi Officiant of the Invisible College (later exiled). Derron Borders and Jeff Pynes are the new official members of the Serpent's Tongue language development team. They are both graduate students in linguistics at the University of Utah. Getting the language right is very important to the long term success of Serpent's Tongue. They have created a new twitter account if you would like to follow their progress - <url>#!/SerpentsTongue_ Sorry Magi, for remaining confusion. In attempt to make lots of variability in the reward packages, its crossed over into the realm of total complexity. Aaron, our project manager, is taking over the FAQ assignment as of today. Which means he will be applying his pitbull organization skills to assembling an answer to every single question ever posted in comments or sent in private messages. Great suggestions. The Gabrielsons are meeting up to work through the weekend to take care of any outstanding loose ends involving you Founders, the Campaign, Forums etc... Aya'huascan - glad someone noticed ; ) There is a system and you are so very close to the mark on many points.Although our language overhaul COULD alter some of these specific sounds/words - the system will remain, although more elegantly constructed. Wow I love this discussion - you Magi are going to have a ball with this language / code. I dont think our Conlangers are actively commenting I will invite them to jump in on this with you. New stretch rewards, unlike the previous, are partial lists. We wanted to showcase what is definite about those levels now ahead of time. They may be increased as we get closer to them Good evening Founders! To pledge for multiple reward levels - just pledge the total, select the higher and we will track your specific choices through the end survey. Your rank will be that of the total. Feel free to send a message when you do, so we have a heads up on it. Also, since that FAQ isnt up here yet, if you are 'going in together' with a cabal or some friends, good on ya, everyone will receive a rank according to the level of divided contribution. Send us a message when you do and we WILL assign ranks to everyone participating & enroll you in the Ordo Principium. Almost exactly 4 x 6. I believe the cutting trims them very very slightly. We are gathering a lot of unanswered questions.from these comments and identical questions in messages, so we are compiling them all today into a spreadsheet and posting them as FAQS. I love this discussion of gameplay and balance. Its one of my favorite topics of conversation. I can off at length on the subject - I will post some of my game balance concepts and philosophies as a post and address the question of KickStarter exclusive cards being really powerful. Frankly a bulk of the cards are really powerful - in a particular way, but there are defenses and counter strategies to everything. Balance becomes more challenging when you start combining team strategies and specialization synergies, but there are always counter strategies to those as well, albeit sometimes more difficult to orchestrate. This Roll20 is getting even more exciting. Thanks for the update. It would be cool if our primary online system also came from KickStarter. Yes Prodigy Magi Tiwaz! You get to review the card before you cast it. Sounds game-breaking doesnt it. But as good as this is - unfamiliar level 3 incantations can NOT usually be cast from a quick 7-8 second peek. BUT it will allow you to utilize cards that you are not completely solid on. Its very handy for level 2. But this ability comes at quite a high cost of Resonance. Plus you earn no resonance for incantations cast this way. So the opportunity cost is quite high. Do you cast that strategically necessary incantation that you can not remember, or do you cast normally and boost everyone's Resonance? So it is not quite as powerful as it may seem at first glance, but yes it is very strong. Its very good for leading new players, because you can fairly quickly imbue them with your Eve Mind ability. Helping them to overcome the mental breaks. Its really the Resonance boost to the whole team that is the game changer. The drawback is that there is no inherent boost to spheres, defenses, attacks, or damage that is gained from all that extra Resonance. Which means it comes down to what your TEAM is playing. Regardless its a fun spec and allows you to transform your team into a powerhouse twice as fast as other teams. Which means you have to really crush them fast before they equalize themselves to you. We were going to put this into Obscura circulation - but decided to make it a Founder's exclusive for now. Could be traded away of course but there will only be about 800 in circulation or so. So running up against this spec will be rather rare once the community really develops. How many Black Lotus's were ever printed? Approximately 10-15,000. Since KickStarter exclusive cards will not be made available through Avak'Shar ranks it should be good to be a Founder. BTW You're right, ROLL20 looks great! We've needed this for years. $195 past Stretch and no rewards posted. If its any consolation we are putting together the next THREE tiers right now. Its those pins. They were a last minute idea from you Magi that we immediately fell in love with and we want to see where we can safely work them in.... The Inscription Packs were originally planned to be 24 packs of 12 cards each. But when Brian re-went over sourcing we started looking at slightly different configurations particularly for Avak'shar ranks and whether that would be a scratch code on a card, or embedded into packaging. One method supports a secondary market of avak'shar ranks. Technically you could sell or trade your avak'shar ranks either way, but the scratch code would really facilitate that. The authority of Avak'Shar can be transmitted and dispersed in the world of Serpent's Tongue, but scratch cards may make for a LOT of transmission. We have been looking at how that fits into the game world and story. Woot Im back. Just experienced a very disconcerting 22 hour local internet outage. $42k! And no stretch reward 3. It feels so naked. We're on it! $42k Nice!! Ok Chris's internet has been down since yesterday, I'm not sure what the next stretch goal is, as soon as I find out I'll let you know. - Brian Yes Speakers, update coming out in just a moment. And as for your choices on Speaker reward packages, yes you could do any combination of Sets vs Cases. What a great Sunday. Props to our First Eternal Font Jake Englund! And to all the Magi and Masters that have re-attuned their level to Speaker. Haha Gunnar took that thing down so fast it made my head spin. Apparently didnt want it hurting his webmaster street cred. LOL I forgot that old thing was still active. That was some concept website used for internal meetings to go over possible theme, branding etc... Arghhh - Sacred Font has a typo. Its 15 Core Sets + 15 CASES of Inscription Packs. Thank you Speaker! We will send out a project update when we hit $30k - or tomorrow if we haven't by then yet. BTW New Speaker Legacy Levels - Sacred & Eternal Font Backer Tiers just opened up. If you are on the Speaker waiting list - you will still be able to switch back to Speaker if a slot opens up. The Fonts are geared towards game centers that want to become a Sacred Site in the Serpent's Tongue universe and a hotbed of Magi interaction. The timer will be designed around the concept of a Teknomancer artifact, which usually involve modern technology fused with arcane & nano science. Modern Magi come to play a large role in the Serpent's Tongue universe. You can see a copy of our original Vision Statement at <url>#2. We will add Avak'Shar ranks to the stretch rewards for everyone. So as we collectively build the community we will all be rewarded by great stretch rewards, and Avak'Shar ranks. This should keep everything clean and above aboard. Thanks for all your help, Apologies for the false start on the incentive program. Greetings Magi, a backer informed me that they perceive this whole forum/blogging campaign to be unethical - because we are 'paying' you to SPAM the net with Serpent's Tongue. We just wanted to reward you Magi for helping us build the community at launch. So many of you were doing so much, we wanted to give you a more integral and rewarded role. Same thing in essence, but just in a totally different 'spirit;. So I can see how it could be perceived negatively. We're game designers, not internet marketers, and we may have been insensitive. I would like to hear your reaction / response. I know most of you are posting because you want to - not BECAUSE of the reward. Serpent's Tongue backers, you are doing a bang up job with these posts already. I love your content and descriptions of the game. Thank you -great job - keep up the good work. There's a lot of suggestions being made as well that are insightful and savvy. We have quite a few messages to go through - each one seems better than the last, but Im anxious to continue the discussion with you, so give us some time and we will get back with all of you. Prodigy Speaker Pentad - Thank You. Perfectly said. Yes Adept Timo we can work something out. Its True Magi Tiwaz - no artifacts shown yet, they are quite rare and unique. Not many will be available at launch, but their impact on gameplay can be huge. A Nam-Shub, well... I better let Brando field that one. He's the occultist. LOL - Welcome Adept Husemann ... and at long last, I am able to use excoriate in a sentence.... May you reign over this world well... unless the Prodigies manage to excoriate your soul's that is. Greetings to the newly arisen SPEAKER ANTAGONIST CY, SPEAKER ANTAGONIST LANIGAN, SPEAKER ANTAGONIST SAKALL, AND SPEAKER ANTAGONIST NEMETH Yes sorry about that - its a typo. Its a very small box that little reward box. I will request to change it tomorrow. The Speaker Antagonists are definitively not prodigy's. They are something much worse. J Krell the Cain - has a nice ring : ) as an example I like the suggestion Speaker Krell, more specifically, who gets to be the re-incarnation of Cain, and who Abel SPEAKER ANTAGONIST. These are bosses used in the Adventure campaign that have their own 4x6 double sided card; or Prime Encounter Cards. So that when you go up against them, you have full-sized graphical representations of them as well as their specific attributes, codex's, and tactics. These Prime Encounter cards are also used to construct various Challenge decks- which are used in solo and co-op challenges to test your Codex's at varying difficulty levels. I liken it to a 'Horde' mode, an endurance match where the bulk of your Resonance must be invested in re-attuning your incantations between bouts less you run dry. Certain Resonance based specializations will shine in these scenarios. Frankly I underestimated how awesome our core backers were going to be - sorry to underestimate all you Magi. We are releasing an incentive program (tonight - tomorrow morning) to marshal our backer's passion to post wherever and whenever they can about Serpent's Tongue. We will include a Posting packet that you can use or modify - and each post's url you send us will translate to Avakshar levels for you. This is a Serpent's Tongue word that translates roughly to Authority & Honor. This is the true name of the Reputation system that will allow you to unlock unique specializations or convert levels into specific cards from the entire set. More on this very soon. We are posting more backstory and advanced gameplay rules and examples this week. (Our gameplay video is just taking a bit longer than expected- why oh why did we not film just one of the many days of playtesting last year?!) HI Greetings, Apocryphal - the chips and stone are our final specifications. the hourglass which is currently double-sided IS probably going to change, thanks for asking. I decided I dont really like it for its price point ( and its weight, gotta keep thinking bout all those international backers). We are changing it because what i REALLY want is an audio hourglass/timer that sounds out at the end of time. The suspense level is so much better. But it will require a stretch goal of about $35k for that to work, which we are definitely on track to hit. Oh before I forget - KickStarter Specialization selection: They were originally planned to be specific to level, but we are considering letting it be choice. There are a couple crazy specializations in the wings that will be introduced as stretch goals as well. ( I love making specializations... each one is such a game changer). Ahh I left for 10 minutes and I missed the turn-over. 100 Monkeys syndrome here we go! 99 Red Magi... That was Gunnar down below there actually. In regards to Card storage: I'll reprint an old comment: it's a debate that has raged for over 12 months amongst the team, polarized between the logistical and thematic perspectives. The core game as it stands right now will have an elegant felt 'falking' making up compartments in the box you can use to categorize and store your cards, with room for approximately 500 cards. (more than the Core Game and a case of inscription packs). These are compartments sort of like a higher quality Dominion Box if you've seen that game. BUT: one of our early stretch rewards will allow us to afford an improved form of packaging. The upgraded packaging will be a binder that looks like a book... is a book actually with large sized sleeves to store your extra incantations, artifacts etc... Whats nice about the Binder packaging is that you can use it as an extra codex in a pinch! Cool huh. @PDF RULES: yes we WILL release a pdf version of the rules well before the campaign ends. Its currently under-going a graphical overhaul. In the meantime More rules and concepts will be posted this week on the website. (It seems to be the number one request ) @Speaker Blake thank you for the feedback from your friends. That's good to know! @ Magi Majjintor and Adept Schneider, a tome to hold all your incantations, artifacts, specializations ect. is definitely something we want to make available. The tome i'm envisioning, is badass! Good day Magi, once again I love the comments and suggestions. Kicking it Forward - Check. Thanks for re-introducing that. More Speakers? I dont know if the world is big enough for just Speakers Pentad, Krell & you Speaker Kangyu Chia. Let alone Speakers Sakall, Louis, Cy and company. Sure they are getting along well NOW, but once their visions of how to shape reality begin to conflict.... things could get messy ; ) I think Prodigy Speaker Chase could be particularly nefarious. But.... lets see what happens with new levels later today.... Looks like it will be time to publish stretch rewards soon! Hello Speaker Sakall- LOL your facebook blurb is fantastic! You're our type of writer! Your style is similar to Brando's our occultist. Language question: Yes exactly - the 18 words of creation form new combinations when altered by the surrounding syllables. But the language of Serpent's tongue is actually being revised right now by a constructed language expert. So specific words and syllables will inevitably change a bit before final launch. He is making sure our advanced level grammar and syntax will be elegant and consistent. Codex peeking: Through playtesting - cheating has not been any issue at all. Its very hard to disguise the movement necessary to reveal the activation words - but more importantly Serpent's Tongue strives to invoke a high level of honor amongst its players, which is why we have an entire supplement - "The Gentleman Magi - A modern guide to magickal etiquette" included in the core set. I remember how vicious some of those MTG tournaments got, so we want to cultivate a higher level of consciousness & comraderie in PVP and Co-op play. So that when you rend the very souls of your opponents, you do so with grace and aplomb. Lol - Speaker Krell. Just to warn you - there are very few 'summons' in ST. (Its residual defiance against building a fantasy army...) However the right specialization may be able to artifice a pony golem patched together from corpseflesh and Ormus metals. And by Pony I mean a hooved monstrosity vaguely resembling something equine. BTW we LOVE the marketing tips. BGG marketing goes live on Wednesday, but we want to hear more about the forums and sites YOU think would help us build our community of Serpent's Tongue. Majjintor - we have flexibility to include concepts as well, particularly for Prodigy backers, since they are limited numbers. We have a lot of characters in the campaign all serving many different roles and representing a wide range of ideologies. As we release more information this week on the world, its factions and history I believe you will be able to find the right note for your inclusion. Our backers are awesome. Welcome to the new Prodigy Speakers Barch, Pentad and Krell; and to all of you new Masters, Magi and Adepts that joined us tonight! Ahh Speaker Cy, thats a debate that has raged for over 12 months amongst the team, polarized between the logistical and thematic perspectives. The core game as it stands right now will have an elegant felt 'falking' making up compartments in the box you can use to categorize and store your cards, with room for approximately 500 cards. (more than the Core Game and a case of inscription packs). These are compartments sort of like a higher quality Dominion Box if you've seen that game. BUT: one of our early stretch rewards of approximately $40,000 will allow us to afford an improved form of packaging. The upgraded packaging will be a binder that looks like a book... is a book actually with large sized sleeves to store your extra incantations, artifacts etc... Whats nice about the Binder packaging is that you can use it as an extra codex in a pinch! Cool huh. $40,000 may seem like a long way off - but we have a couple marketing strategies up our sleeves we are pressing home this week, so we'll see! Thats correct Kangyu Chia, the $295 level of Speaker, does not include a guaranteed and immediate inclusion into the game at launch, only Prodigy versions do. But you have top billing as a Speaker. Since we intend to work in ALL of our backers eventually, and Speakers have first priority, you will probably be included at the very least in our first expansion Sacred Sites, and still possibly at launch. We gave ourselves quite a bit of wiggle room in "Out of Eden'. (there are a lot of characters in it.) Sorry if thats not very clear! Hi Jonathon thanks for your interest!- our Line for Life level at $295 was a first week special - Revenue on top of the COGS and Shipping were actually shaved close to 0 on those. (Shipping is excessive on this heavy game of ours!) We ARE releasing a PRODIGY Speaker level in the next day or so that will give those stalwart supporters a Custom Specialization - Your name, your concept and even YOUR image worked into a class. (limit 3) and after that we have a few slots left on our Encounter Challenge Cards. Challenge cards are 'Boss' encounters used in the Campaigns and in 'Horde' mode co-op sessions. i.e. Solo players and Teams can attempt different combinations of Challenge cards at 'Adept' level, or Magi level etc... in endurance matches. Challenge sessions require spending the bulk of one's Resonance on re-attuning Incantations between the encounters. So there are resonance based specializations that will really excel at these types of challenges. There is more information about Inscription Packs available at: <url>