There is a facebook page for Shining Empire - but as Ezekiel said, it's pretty much one guy, so with developing the game 14 hours a day 7 days a week it's tough to get to all the messages but I still get to 95% of them. Once the Kickstarter concludes all of this will move ot the facebook page. Right now there's not much going on over there, but that will be the best way to ask questions Thanks for backing, Ezekiel (aka the best tester in gaming history) Timster - you won't have to be online EVER to play. Thanks Ryan! All physical copies are for Mac/PC only, unfortunately. Kenny, If you pledge $100 you can message me and I'll make sure it counts as the $50 tier twice I had originally considered those extra animations, but the problem is they would add a lot of time to the battles. I always wish I could have turned them off when I played SF1 and SF2. I think they would add so much time to the combat that everyone would turn them off. The other problem is a lot of the spells in Shining Empire effect multiple targets (which would be hard to show via the SF animations) and some of them effect the scenery as well. I'll definitely try to get some more screen shots out before the kickstarter concludes. I'd like to make a fly through video from one corner of the world to the other so you can get an idea of how massive it is, but right now there's a lot of empty space that needs filling so I'm not sure I'll have that done in time. Awesome! Thanks to everyone! I'll work on some stretch goals tonight and hopefully have them posted tomorrow or Tuesday. Brett, everything that's mentioned in the previous Kickstarter is still planned - I just wanted to keep it a little more focused on the main game this time around. Perma-death won't happen with your main character. It will happen with some other characters, but you will be able to resurrect your allies if they fall in combat. When they die a tombstone will appear and you'll be able to use a spell to raise them from the dead. Monsters and villagers outside of your town will not respawn. I'm not sure I understand your first question, Steven. The second question - It really comes down to how much funding we have. I would really love to have it be incredibly complex where townsfolk built each building and you saw it as it was being built, and you could bring in resources to help the completion. That requires a lot of graphics and animation, so - it's definitely something I want, but we'll have to see what kind of over funding we get. It is a challenge to create a lengthy game and make sure you don't get too strong. A lot of games use a scaling system where enemies level up with you. I do NOT like that system. I think players should be rewarded for becoming powerful. My philosophy is that a game should be very challenging early and reward players for putting in the time. So there will be extremely difficult parts of the game where you'll need to spend dozens of hours playing before you can even attempt that area. I'd say a couple of games with similar contrasts are Oblivion and Two Worlds. Oblivion had enemies that leveled up with you, while Two Worlds did not. I would wander around in Two Worlds and see dragons that would kill me in one hit. There was something very rewarding about playing for 20 hours then coming back and being able to take them on eventually. Two Worlds had a lot of other issues, but that's something that I think was superior to the enemy leveling system that other games had. Correct. You'll get a digital copy along with the hard copy. The hard copies will come out a few days after the digital copies release - so that way you can start playing immediately. Also, if people are collectors and dont want to ever open their hard copies they'll still have the digital copy Yeah, all prices include shipping. Thanks, Dawn! Thanks a lot! Hard copies are going to be more than just a boring plastic DVD case. I'm going to go with high quality full size digipaks. They used to make those for DVD movies but most studios stopped because they were too expensive. Basically they give you art on the inside of the case as well as the outside. I'm going to use the same manufacturer I use when making my soundtracks and they do amazing work. Thanks to both of you! Thanks a lot!!