To any that come to this comment section. To my records all of these have shipped. If you haven't received it for some reason please DM me or email at <email> and we'll get it taken care of. Kyung, I've sent you a DM for confirmation and details. Thanks so much. Bruce, check my PM to you when you can. Got hung up with the shipping label somehow. @rocksmasher, I sent over a reply to your DM. all others should be in process or finished. Thank you!!! @all - As per my update earlier this month all pieces are now in place and processing starts at the Hong Kong location this week. For real. I have scrambled in every way I know to get to this point of completing all international pledges, including selling rights to the U.S. based market to get the funds to finish Kickstarter. Any units sold there are outside my hands, and purposed to enable me to get all remaining back-orders out. I don't have control over refunds at this point since the budget negotiated is just for shipping expenses, but will do what I can. Kickstarter is a platform aimed at helping ideas and concepts to market. The international nature of shipping is something that I grossly misjudged and obviously stalled out on. There are a handful of orders to Sweden and Germany that were attempted nearly a year and a half ago which were returned due to customs inspection. Exactly why is something that I still don't know. I'm hoping that shipping out of the Hong Kong location with more processing documentation in place resolves that. Many of you have confirmed your current address with me. I will reach out to any that I am not sure of to make sure we don't just ship to limbo. This milestone is very bittersweet. I'm extremely happy and relieved to finally finish this delivery, but I am truly sorry for the long, long wait and frustration warranted. It's been an unbelievably long time. So many startup challenges have nearly put me under and probably should have. But I believe in what I set out to do and can't rest until I deliver. It will take me a handful of days to carefully work with the warehouse there to make sure everything goes smoothly. You should start seeing private messages or emails from me over the course of this week and next. They will take 2-3 days to process and provide tracking numbers once the shipment has been verified. You should see automatic emails for this but I will work to oversee it and send out them manually as well. Thank you so very, very much. Aaron @all - I haven't given up. I've been wanting to truly confirm information and knowledge of when fulfillment will commence and finish. It's finally come. And for real. Release of product and funding will happen on the 26th of June, one month away. We will start fulfilling immediately out of Hong Kong. Since even more lapse has occurred, I need to confirm addresses again. I will be contacting each unfulfilled pledge, but feel free to message me, or send an email to <email>. Thank you again. And again. And again. So sorry for the near-eternal delays. Aaron @all - It's been beyond a gut-wrenching start-up roller coaster trying to get this done. I've tried every which way to complete the pledges. And finally have one that will work. It's a combination of deals that I've made both in the U.S. and with the factory abroad. The inventory to fulfill your pledge, being an international one, was moved into Hong Kong and was locked down in the factory there with higher cost demands to release than originally priced. So the budget for that AND shipping was compromised. That now has been negotiated in conjunction with this U.S. based inventory that has begun marketing to the US domestic market. I actually don't own that inventory and have used the leverage of giving up general control of that to accommodate moving the product out of Hong Kong. It's a 3-way angle to get you guys taken care of, which has been my consuming desire. It's why most start-ups fail. And I have about 75 international pledges that I WILL fulfill. These were from the combination of Indiegogo and Kickstarter campaigns. The trouble started when shipping costs came in double for most locations that ever collected for. This was unseen and my fault. International shipping is unbelievably expensive. I'm finally almost there for real. I'm still on the factory's clock for the release and funding to engage those Hong Kong orders but I'm still pushing as much as I can. I've been hit by every strange angle dealing across the world with different business practices and added customs and this border "war" going on, which made China very wary and protective. This will get done. And as soon as I possibly can. The broken record is that I'm horribly sorry it's taken this long. And I truly appreciate your support and patience. Aaron @David, all. I have been able to make a deal with a factor and the factory American affiliate that will start marketing in the States, as well as release the international product that is in the Hong Kong fulfillment center. Shipping commences as soon as all the paperwork is complete next week. I'm pushing all of the pieces hard to get this all done and get SHOTBOX back on track. More to come on this, but it's finally real action. @all - I am still here. I will get these delivered. Product is now fully in a Hong Kong warehouse. I'm still dealing with the factory releasing them to be shipped. They are demanding more money than originally priced. I'm needing all that is saved to go toward shipping, rather than them. I am close to resolution and will get these shipped as soon as I can. My ongoing apologies for the extreme delay. This eats at me every waking (and sleeping) moment and I wish it to be complete more than anything. It WILL get done. The deal has been struck and product will start moving from the China location to Hong Kong next week. Since this that been so long coming I want to connect with each of you to confirm your current address. I'll be sending individual messages, but feel free to DM me or email me at <email> the full address, including a phone number since the carrier often requires that. This is a great relief and I look forward very much to fulfilling your product. Thank you!!! I have been progressively dealing with the factory on more and more issues. The product is there, but they now aren't releasing it for the price points that we worked with them before, even though the product is done and on their floor. It's significantly increased. It's turned somewhat political with all of their other international clients and products as well. They won't admit that it has to do with the tariffs and such but it sure feels that way. This is crazy, but each day I literally feel that I will have better news. I meet with their U.S. representative this week and I have now found an agent that will resolve this on the ground directly with them in China. I truly have expected this to totally be fulfilled by now. If I can't reach terms with them within the next two weeks, I will literally donate plasma and blood to add enough in the escrow to issue refunds. As it is right now there is only projected shipping costs in there based on the Hong Kong fulfillment. As the broken record turns but I will get this done. Aaron I am still on this and WILL get it done. Still dealing with difficulties at the factory getting the product released. Any refund requests will be considered once shipping has finished. Again apologies. I will update as soon as I have more conclusive information. The carrier prep team and pre-customs, it turns out, finally cleared the magnet issue. We had to make an adjustment to every packaged up bundle :( Things are back in motion with freight calculations and scheduling. I'm hoping for a pickup by end of next week. I am also actually booked to head over in two weeks and finally be on the floor again so I'll be able to be on hand to see this all the way through. @All - yes, on the list. Hong Kong customs is processing the safety paperwork on the tiny little magnets placed here and there in the box. Apparently, it's a big deal. A Hong Kong thing. Maddening and expecting clearance each day. @Chnuebli. Yes, you are on the list. Our earlier attempt to get your pledge was kicked back to the U.S. with German customs. I'm working with this new carrier to avoid that this time. Thanks Christina. Finally. I received full confirmation this morning that product is released at the factory and being packaged for pickup by week's end. I'm awaiting some photos and then will post an update. I've really wanted to know for sure that it's happening. Otherwise, it's just the same old thing of sorry's and excuses. You're sick of hearing them. I'm sick of giving them. And I'm the first one that can't believe how long it's taken. I'm excited to finally be able to get them out the door. Tracking numbers will follow. RE any refund requests, I'll consider all of those when all other Pledges have been sent. Shipping costs still vary all over the place and I need to see where it all lands. @all - I sound like a broken record: apologies, excuses, reasons, delays and frustrating answers galore. And this post just extending those again, at least for the remaining international pledges. As with the spirit of startups and Kickstarter ventures my journey has been extremely difficult with all the imaginable and unimagined challenges. However, and against overall odds I am still fully alive and kicking. I'm still stuck at the factory working on getting everything released to Hong Kong. I still expect positive news literally every day, day by day. I WILL get your pledge delivered. I have never NOT delivered in my entreprenurial career. I have secured travel plans inside of the next three weeks to the factory to oversee the completion and fulfillment and deal with other issues there that influence the future of SHOTBOX. I am positive all will be resolved. So the broken record continues with all of the aforementioned elements, but some new positive traction. By not delivering your pledge yet I dishonor your trust in me and no doubt have burned plenty of bridges, but I will complete this campaign. My gratitude and thanks continue. Aaron @all - Remaining international orders are being shipped from Hong Kong. The inventory for these orders is at the factory in mainland China. I've had a very unforeseen string of complications getting the product out of China and across the border and am still waiting for news that it is released. I'm embarrassed and very sorry for all of this. One batch came across and was shipped, but encountered many returns that just can't happen. I found a new service but now can't get the inventory released. It is literally a day-to-day process and I have been constantly awaiting word. My continued apologies for the delay. I will consider any refund requests after all product has been shipped. I remain very grateful to all of you. I'm still on this guys. We got pinched into Chinese New Year. It feels that all I do is come up with excuses, which is tiring and frustrating for all of you. Just know that I'm still on this till the end. I just have to ship these last international ones straight from the factory and keep hitting difficulties there. I wish I could be onsite and work with the people directly. I appreciate the money offer @Post. That's not the issue as much as making sure they are coming out of HongKong for the overall budget for the locations left. @all - I've private messaged directly. @all below - We're at varying stages in the midst of all of the orders in process, but you all should have received order updates and/or tracking emails at this point. Please email me directly at <email> if you haven't. Thank you! @all - All of you have either gotten out the door now, or are in the processing stage. Be looking for tracking emails. PM if you have any specific questions. Thanks so much for sticking with this. Hey guys, @Sylvain - Your's will be out of the Hong Kong center. Look for tracking emails within 2 weeks. @hoikan - I private messaged you to confirm your address. @Jean - Yours in processing. You should have gotten some shipping emails already, or will soon. @robert - Yours was still in the Canada queue and will be out the door this week. @Jason, Mark - Europe will be complete by end of next week. @Ross - Still working the New Zealand orders to come out of Hong Kong. I was hoping to get an update on that by this weekend but haven't yet. It should be also be by the end of next week, but may leak into the following. @Peggy - Canada will be finished within this next week. I have you in the queue. @Jean - No comments have been deleted. It's not possible with the Kickstarter interface anyways, but I would never do that. Nor have I deleted any from any other platform. Thanks for all the support. All: Please see the most recent Update. <url>"de Dois" as the last name. Please email me direct at <email> and we can dig deeper. @Marc and Don Jose I have the warehouse looking into both. @Jennifer We're trying to flow with backer count number. Yours is on track by end of next week. @pascal I'm trying to get all of the EU moved to a distribution center that will ship from there. It will help on the customs charges as well. But I will look at where the regular flow is in comparison. @Russell @Josh @Rebecca @Suarse All of your's are on track to ship out by the middle to end of next week. You will start to get some processing and tracking emails. Thank so much! @ Stephen. We're well into the 300's now. You're at 393 and it should go out this week. @ Karizza. I have you at 760. If all goes well enough it will be by the end of next week. You'll see some email updates as we enter you into the processing software at the warehouse. Gotcha. I'll check with the source to make sure. @RetromanIE The power adapter ranges from 100-240V and will work in any AC/DC plug. I've used them in a handful of battery packs as long as the plug is correct. (GoalZero, OmniCharge) If the power is weaker, the lights might not emit as bright is all. I'm concerned about the scuff marks and drop potential. Could you send some photos of them to me at <email>. The original count for the magnets was 8. Perhaps even that is more than plenty but you also can use them on the floor for quick document positioning or holding edges down. They can act as guides for placement. I just wanted to make sure there was enough for any potential creativity. :) @ Fred Thanks so much for the encouragement. It means a lot. @Marc I emailed it over. @Stefanie Your concerns are respected and warranted, but we're making good progress. The actual backer count finished at 1028. I have no idea why Kickstarter lists it at 978. Sort of odd :) We are into the 300's as far as backer count shipments and I expect to be finished within 3 weeks with U.S. orders and 3-4 with international. I can assure you that my commitment to this is 100%. RE 3rd parties. It compares very differently. The products sold by them aren't the same bundle configuration or availability, nor even close to the lower overall pricing of Kickstarter. The Kickstarter campaign was to develop improvements into the earlier versions of the SHOTBOX and introduce the PANELS and Prints. So you're getting the best and newest. So to confirm your question for a specific date, it will be within 3 weeks, hopefully sooner. @ Michael. They are going out today. Thanks! @ Marc - We actually got yours out the door a few days ago, before the weekend. You should have gotten a tracking number email. It says it's in transit now. Please let me know if you didn't get that and I'll message or email it to you. @ Kim - Thanks for the info and lead on Transporteca. I've made contact with them to see and compare. @ Michael - It should have been in the same pocket as the SideShot. They're black as well, so a bit tricky to see. Check one last time in that pocket as well as any of the others, if you could. If not, we'll get some sent out of my office right away. @All Please know I'm fully engaged and making progress. @Jean, you're in a country that seems to get hit with heavier customs receiving charges. Any ideas on minimizing that as we prepare the forms? It seems that different regions do different things. You can message me direct or email at <email> as well. @Susan - You're backer #261. I'd estimate around 2 more weeks based on our pace. @jojoessk - #664. Around 3-4 weeks with potential for a bit longer due to the international paperwork. Thanks guys. The Coolest Cooler we are not :) Hello all, Thank you for all of the comments. Not sure all that I can say without some level of negative reaction, but for everyone's sake I won't sugar coat it. I still take full responsibility and all comments are deserved. If the product were in everyone's hands, these discussions wouldn't exist. In any and all perspective I am still on this 100% and will continue to do so until delivered. It is with me day and night. To give enough realistic cushion, I am still 4-5 weeks away from full completion. I hope sooner. In the previous update stating 30%. That was how many we'd submitted into the shipping system. I found out after that they just simply weren't going out. That's when we hit roadblocks, even looking for other services. But that would just make the delay worse. To date, we have shipped out the door around 25% of all answered Backerkit surveys, though in more random order than planned. I am indeed getting more promised ship time next week and beyond. That number will grow, though I don't know yet what the daily count will be exactly. I will consider any request for a refund but I just simply ask for more time, deserved or not. All comments on the funding survey noted and appreciated. I obviously was premature in that direction. Again, thank you. Aaron @All We're plugging away and making progress. I'll get another update done tomorrow. @Marc, input noted and understood. @Dion Any luck with the cable? @Kelley I'm getting yours processed. It will go out by Wednesday this week. Much apologies for the delays. @Kim Thanks so much for the great words. <3 Hey guys. I'll answer back to front. I need to also post another update with deeper details, but here's specific to your questions. @ Thomas - This shipped yesterday. Message me if you don't see tracking number emails. @ Tammy - You're on the hot list now. Shipped by tomorrow. @ Priscilla - The bundles don't compare. Your KS Whole Enchilada for $199+$15 includes the Full Panel and Prints Set (plus cable), which add another $105 full retail. Mamella is only selling the Deluxe Bundle which matches up to the Shotbox website cost. I've made sure the KS deal is always best. @Leland - I've moved yours to the hot list as well. We're still processing through at the pace the warehouse can do, but we're far from done yet. So when we hear from one of you guys directly, we'll bump it upto what we can. Maybe this is a bit unorthodox but just trying to accommodate needs. @Elizabeth - Extremely good point. Utah orders are easier and only take a day. I know many have been fulfilled already. I'm going to scrub the list for the remainder and prioritize them forward. You're now on the Hot List as well. Also see the comment above regarding the Mamella listing. @Eric Thanks so much for the awesome encouragement and endorsement. And for working with me. @Dion: We'll get a cable on its way. Not sure why and just silly. As well as the base panel. So it looked like it was dropped first, and then boxed? Sheesh. So sorry. Would you mind emailing me a picture so I can show the packing guys. Looks like I have more training to do. :( (<email>) @Bob S.: those look great! Update here: @Priscilla, Janine, Mark - Yours move out today. I've had to get aggressive with the warehouse which isn't so much my nature but there were just too many outside difficulties with them that were affecting us. #kimseungmo I sent the number to your email. Thanks guys. @Dion Andrea is correct. Let me know if the cable doesn't come too. @Shaun The tripod is coming from a different location and is in process. @Janine You're more than right. We announced it, but I didn't realize that my web team was continuing to send out newsletters. My focus has been very much on KS and backer fulfillment. I will make sure it stays that way and we back off any general marketing. @Andrea It looks it was not inserted when it was assembled. We will send it out. @Don Jose In the works :) @Jacquiline Is the cord working there for you? It should be just checking. @Hyer, Sandi We're catching up. I got yours into the system and moved up. Thank you! @Andrea, Shauna Dang, the order got scrambled in Backerkit. I've gotten your's going as well as fixed the random sequence. We're backed up at the warehouse but I've flagged these to move first. I hope today or Monday at the latest. Sorry for that. Much thanks. @Marc I'm not sure how many full days it will take to get there, or what the border takes but I'd think we'd have it there by early April. @Michelle I emailed you directly to confirm you address. @Don Jose, Ann, Lisa We've started shipping last week, but the fulfillment center is backed up. I've made sure yours are in there and moved them up. @Ann I show the deluxe case in your Backerkit survey and have made sure it's in the order. @ Austen. Message me directly or email me at <email> with confirmation of your address. I will make sure we have the right one in the system. @Jacqueline My Hong Kong service has gotten uncomfortably inattentive. I am going to fulfil Hong Kong and vicinity orders straight out of the Dongguan factory. I am expecting this within the next few days. Apologies. @Audrey Posted an update yesterday: <url>". It's made large enough to shoot through without hindrance even if the lens itself is larger than that. I'm working on a "DSLR Donut" that will hold the camera in place, positioned straight down. But in the meantime you could simply rest the camera against the hole manually and get good shots. An 18mm lens usually spans to a bit over 12" from that height. @Jacqueline Please clarify a little. There aren't any discount codes on Kickstarter, to my knowledge. Did you hear of something like that? @Jacqueline They are 14.25 x 12.25. Wide enough to cover the width of the box, then tall enough to fill any top and bottom needs. @Andrea: Great feedback. Thank you! @ Jacqueline Ziegler: the power adapter handles up to 220v. You'll just need to use a local plug adapter. @ Jacqueline Ziegler: you can easily use 12x12 and other paper. They will just be smaller than the official Prints. @ Ann Rein: good suggestions. Question: in future packs would you prefer a variety of different art or central around a theme? @Lindsey Great idea. It's pretty certain we'll continue down the line of printing more sets. So the better the campaign and interest grow the better! It's already gotten us well to the point of pushing for more. @Melissa Also a great idea. I added one to the mix. Very likely we'll do a themed set of holidays or events or patriotic theme, etc..., so this input it awesome. @Retro We'll keep trying. @Ron This is great feedback and so true about Amazon. I'm not sure what I'll find with my faux leather backdrops, but definitely doable as part of the Prints lineup. @Retro I would LOVE that source for shipping. Do you by chance have a contact there? Going straight to FEDEX without a bulk account is a very expensive story. I'm piggy backing already a service that does much larger volume that I'm already taking advantage of to get to where I'm at. I'm simply trying NOT to lose money on shipping, and will actually still go in the hole on it. I'm a small business without the leverage of big ones. I don't know who you'd ordered from but they are most likely in a better position than I. I appreciate your support and patience with this. @Retro Totally understood. We're getting hit more by overall size rather than weight. They take both into account and then stick the package into a specific category. The total package is only around 13 pounds. We definitely don't try to make any profit on the shipping, but I understand it's a hefty price. @Retroman I wish we didn't need to place that so high, but international shipping actually averages even higher than that. We worked very hard on reducing it from our first campaign but we'll actually go in the hole with most foreign packages. Where is it that you live? @Andrew - I'm looking into a plug set, but haven't worked it out yet. The power adapter itself is fine. It's just the different plugs. @arnaud Yes indeed. While we take the angle of what you can do with mobile cameras, the SHOTBOX works great with DSLR and compact. From the front side in you could easily use a small tabletop tripod, and you can even use a large camera straight down through the top holes as well. The key is to get the right, balanced lighting which is accomplished within the box itself...ready to be taken advantage of with any camera whatsoever. Thanks everyone! @Shaun - We're on track for November, but we've put December in case there's stuff we can't control. @ Mark - Our power adapter handles 100-240V input so it should work as in in your country. You'd just need to pick up a local plug adapter depending on where you're at.