@Mark "Polar" Adam - You are correct. @Blayne Watt - That was a typo. It will in fact be 4.4. Thanks for pointing that out. @Chris Black - Yes. See our latest update for the full answer to your question. Guys, We are not charging backers for any apps we promised. I was talking about new apps that was not discussed. Now people that were not kickstarter backers may have to pay for the very same apps you will have for free for a lifetime. Hey guys, we will post a an update on Sunday evening. Just waiting for more info to actually give you. Alex We will have information of that sort in future updates. @Jonathan: Yes we are planning on it @R Travis Brown: We will post it when we finalize the casing design @Stuart Feltham: Yea we saw that disabled it for now, we are working on an updates site @Andrew: No we plan to use it If anyone has a question please email us. @Alex Bartiş: Don't worry we are here just busy we will do an update on Friday The link posted is for pre orders only we will send the backer kit invite to all the pledges later We are getting our backerkit stuff together <url>"capable". You have stated you were going to leave several times now....please follow through with your commitment. Johnathan we feel we have added quite a bit with our limited funds so we can't really offer anything in, the board as the order has been placed for the first round of our PCB. Andrew....you want the planned dimensions of the case or...? The battery is good for a lot of things. I personally like the power stability it can offer while living in potentially unstable areas. It also can make the Ropeless option really ropeless with no power cord or ethernet cord. At least for a few hours with no power cord. We finalized it after we decided on the Quantenna2300 chipset. Boone We will add some Mark that is too bad you feel its not possible I will leave you with one of my favorite quotes or two. It always seems impossible until its done. Nelson Mandela Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw Thanks Jeff Ryan -Linux will be part of it for those who want to use it. We have a debian version as of now. We sure will Steven and yes, more work begins but we are excited for an awesome and awesome project to become available. @Steve, yes that is correct. Thomas it is a misprint. You are getting a soap touch. Jonathan, Thank you for your support. Yes you can add things after via BackerKit. But in terms of price Mike you are correct, it is cheaper for Kickstarter people and it does extend a lot more of the connectivity beyond just Wifi. Soap with no rope is an add-on for Soap that doesnt require any setup beside a simple WPS sync. Its a small 802.11AC to ethernet bridge. The Essentials would do this but it would take more the a novice to configure it to do that but in theory it is an excellent option similar to using two routers linked. We hvae added the Soap with No Rope and the WiFi extender add-on for a more simple setup that has one hub source. We are offering Soap essentials add on price for this limited time only and when retail sets in people will be more likely to use the add-on rather then multi Soap setup. Also mark mixing feature names, it is not NinjaSpy but I think I like it. We may just have a new name for a later feature. John- yes, this is the plan. There are both options: Live Stream or Text watch. As the feature is designed around parental controls we have made two core ways available for monitoring. If you install the Soap Spy App Client it will run in the background of the phone, tablet or other device and allows one to engage a live stream of their device, keylogging, and a couple more things but physical device access is required to install the client. The Soap app is also available for multiple platforms and works via the network or web. The Text version allows for a monitor of web content and whatever is being transmitted via the internet which in our experience is most kids' actions are web based. On the Soap Admin side there is a monitoring of all devices on the LAN and it monitors and records what they are doing online. Who, what, where and when. This should not be mistaken for spy mode as most routers have a feature to view website usage and access. Yes our goal would be to have to most recent OS installed, you will also be able to update the device yourself just like an Android Phone or Tablet. We will be getting this. SoapOS is just our version of AndroidOS made to work on our device. @jan that will be a standard feature now Johnathan....The risk you are taking is the risk of KS but if I could empathetically transfer my Vulcan mind meld to you I would... Everyone is going to have the socks knocked with Soap and the coming couple months. We are going to do another update, but I am not certain there is any info that will sway you into the arms of the surety in the update. I do hope you stay as a tester backer and stick with us. Andrew...yes Yes, Andrew, just add it to your pledge and backerskits will do the check out. Jamie. Yes it is. David we are glad to have you back. Thank you for the support. Seyah- its a like a media bridge it really is a just a small 802.11AC ethernet to wireless bridge but its faster data rates then any average link. We will be doing a update about this stuff tomorrow but everyone should be aware we have added a a pledge level that is a special end of the campaign special. Two Soap Touch for a price that wont last much longer! There are small amount available so check it out. What do you guys think about us making a battery and The Soap with no Rope available in backerskit as add-ons? We have developed these things, but can't afford to make them a base feature, but would love to make them available to you as upgrades. Barry we will have both. <url>“Connect” it will initiate a pairing process similar to a blue tooth pairing procedure. Ping will try to talk to the device and tell it of its presence and block is pretty self-explanatory. Thanks David Guys we are going to be doing a update with all the new information about Soap and will post it tomorrow. I think Brandon said this already but im saying it again. :) We are super grateful for your support so far. -Alex Hector, there are several board demo videos(5-6) on the project page down by the prototype section they are all videos of our prototype. IF you are speaking about a final production ready for final manufacturing final prototype? We wont have our own custom PCB manufactured for a few weeks we will post plenty of updates of it then. until then our POC prototype is what we have on film and is all we can provide. We actually have invited people to come to our office in a couple weeks and check our the first run our doors our open to you. Thanks for the patience and support hector. @Seyha: That would be pretty sweet. @Jonathan Laporte: We are going to put a more detailed update out tomorrow. We can't announce the name of the big player yet but we hope to announce it in the next month. Great news. We have been in and out of meetings and calls all day and have and still have a few more to go but we recieve confirmation on some parts. We have lined up most of needed parts for our first wave production and are being shipped today. Wifi , CPU, ZWave, ZigBee, Ble and storage are set. Exciting. :) Deepak thanks for the support and we appreciate it so far we will glady sell it to you at a retail later. Take care and good luck. Deepak thanks for the support and we appreciate it so far we will glady sell it to you at a retail later. Take care and good luck. Hector there are several. John we had to code our own drivers to run on android for Zigbee and for Z-wave as they didn't not offer any base support for android so pairing was quite a initial challenge of coding. We have a video with the zigbee board we used through a usb interface. If you want to know how it will work in terms of end user I can explain the pairing process we have created I think you may find it interesting. To everyone else we have just finished a meeting with some suppliers and will be answering the questions again. David and X thank you so much for your support so far and we really really do appreciate you sticking with us. You have added valuable insight to the project. We understand your fear and you have got to do what you got to do. We welcome you to come down to our office in the coming weeks and check out when the first boards arrive. We want to say thank you and we do hope you stick around. @Brandon Hulette: Yes you can. @Daniel: We have a few things planned, we are meeting with Sage and finalizing paper work on our space we are leasing. We also will be making phone calls to a couple of suppliers. We have plans to do weekly updates. With the new 4x4 chipset we will have four. As for placement, we are still deciding as putting four antennas can be quite funny looking if done incorrectly. Yeah..if anyone remembers the bubbles discussions. Soap essentials is a very high powered bubbles device when working in tandem with any other soap device. Maybe we would design them to work as a cluster super computer too? John are you referring to something like this? "This inclusion process is repeated for each device in the system. The controller learns the signal strength between the devices during the inclusion process, thus the architecture expects the devices to be in their intended final location before they are added to the system. Typically, the controller has a small internal battery backup, allowing it to be unplugged temporarily and taken to the location of a new device for pairing. The controller is then returned to its normal location and reconnected." from wikipedia (yes I know this is not considered a real source) Soap will have a small internal battery for this sort of thing we don't want it forgetting everything with the simple loss of power. For our demo video we didn't use any Micasa in our demo. We used a Zwave light bulb and Soap with a Zwave developer chipset. All our talks about a battery are for a large size battery allowing total tablet like mobility and usage. Good morning! We will go through your questions as soon as we can. We have a meeting with Quantenna soon. Yes this is in a beta mode but would require a small piece of software on the device. We did achieve some success without but we are comfortable making this freely available for a number of security reasons. We originally designed Spy mode to give parents a tool to monitor what kind of things their kids are doing online and hope it stays that way. It is also can be viewed from the connected display to a Soap Essentials. It is easiest through the touch display for convenience. This is a very basic process and is similar to any common streamer technology. Adrian mark is not correct you can see the screen of the device. It can be viewed through the Soap touch display. Mark ill take a look at your newest questions in a bit. Thanks! I think kickstarter needs to do a hourly timer after three days! It makes it seem more exciting. -Alex Guys, we are entering our last 72 hours! We want to let everyone know about Soap! Thanks David. Thanks Asterix! We will keep that in mind and keep our support to a minimum. We hope all is well! Take care. Ladies and Gentleman, we want to thank all of you for your support and for sticking with us. We would love for everyone to go share the Soap link on facebook and other social media sites. Any steam we can generate in the last 3 days would be awesome. You never know what is possible. Remember sharing the Soap is sharing the love and vice versa! I think we "Team Soap" have a problem....We have backed 15 projects....12 of them recently... Ha ha....Got to love it. If you up your testing pledge and add the 60 for the Soap essentials combo it will come with the Soap touch and both are covered for defect. Your shipping address will be done through amazon go to check your shipping address there. Welcome to the team :) please ignore the post about the 80 dollar combo deal, it is 60. If you have already pledged for a Soap Touch you can add an Essentials for 60 @mike if you are adding a second Essentials device add 60. @David, Piranha was first recommended to us by Sage. The are experts in PCB design, Part sourcing and production and have people for testing and expedited certifications, we are getting everything together as we speak. They will be doing the manufacturing and assembly. We are also talking with them on the time frame and everything seems fine so far, but if anything changes we will keep everyone updated. We have a it at 80 for a combo deal on backerskit. We know we had cheaper ones at first, but those 60 and 70 are sold out. Flypaper- is a simple honeypot system we just rebranded it. Soap Spymode- This requires a two sided operation so you would have to install it on one the network device, you can view websites accessed and such but it's not a live stream more of a text update. 3. Soap astringent works with all web traffic it doesn't always get it all but you can specify if its missing some content and you want to stop it still. Yeah David. Give me a moment to get home and get you a more detailed answer. Yeah David. Give me a moment to get home and get you a more detailed answer. @Mansoor Seikh: Yes we are in talks with PiranhaEMS, though there are no official agreements as of yet, but we will be sure to keep everyone updated. @Mike: Yes just add it to your pledge Yes Nebbie of course. We will make sure everyone has the option if necessary. Mike- Yes you can do this. @Ken Yap: Yes we will Andrew, we will be looking into energy star, but have not made a final decision on this yet. Daniel- We have been finishing the layout with the new Chipset, We have a new location, we have finalized new software development team, we have been finalizing our supply chain and most recently we have been working with a epediter for regulatory approval and working with our injection molding company. Everyone be sure to check out the add-ons and upgrades for Soap! For anyone that thinks about it: Yes a Soap Touch + Soap Essentials would be cheaper than the Touch+ Extender. All of the additions will be working with Soap out of the box all the USB add-ons will have driver development done and most of all they will be awesome. Yeah Kickstarter green is one we are doing for sure. Guys check out <url>"concerned" supporter. The spamming emails, fake conversation creations and blatant smear campaign have got to stop. You have crossed the line. It's time for you to move on. We see you just created a new account and backed us 1 dollar and then posted this. You are claiming droidifi is using pastebin to make official updates? We would like to know who is it that you contacted at droidifi? Droidifi would never post something like that on that website. That pastebin is a fraudulent post. Once again, please stop posting none verifiable information that is really aimed at attacking Soap. Look at this one we just found <url>ş: The pcb and software should be ready for early testing mid to end of May. The initial run on our first batch of boards is about 4-6 weeks from now. @Alex Bartiş: Do you mean the final production prototype? Yes, we are going to be using Energy Efficient Ethernet. Andrew, Yes we are going to be adding the TPM Alex, Yeah we talked with our suppliers about the Unicorn Blood but it looks like a 3 year lead time and will add 1000 dollars to our BoM so it is most likely a no go. Alex, we understand the only things that are going to be added at this point are what we have discussed like the wave 2 chipset, camera & microphone, and optical audio. We do have stretch goals for some other things like an internal battery, but anything we would add at this point are things we have already talked about in house. Though we may want to add some unicorn blood to help make the Soap Touch a little faster. Alex, Are you asking us to list the base production information or you mean you just want Soap with no hard drive upgrade and such? I will tell you you are not the only one and we appreciate your support no matter what. Ian, yes you could bridge it from the modem to the Soap device, it just will have slightly more ability then we were going to put into SWNP since its a media bridge and extender. Yuz, we have a chance at getting there as you guys know KS campaigns are best in the last 5 days and first 5. We also may have some surprises for the battery. At least a add on you can add and plug in yourselves. Go share the project with everyone you know. We just had our best Sunday to date! I bet we are going to have a great week! We love the support so far guys! Nicholas, Yes, but it will require a 2.5 inch drive that operates on SATAII. Welcome to all our new backers! We are very excited to have you here. Please share Soap with your friends and family and to remember to Share the Soap is to share the Love. Quantenna2300 4x4. @Daniel: Yes we will update that tomorrow Andrew- After reading that link again, I think that we will need some sort of TPM that will allow a checkup of sorts at automatic intervals or as needed. I would love to do one that was NFC based: touch your phone to it and it runs a check based on a code given from your phone. Soap has storage ability, high speed networking and a 7 inch touch screen (depending on the touch or essentials). As of right now we have a basic app that will do network streaming Plex, media hub, DLNA and more. Anything you can stream from your current computer to other network devices, wireless displays or even a chrome cast. Soap can manage it without needing another computer. Our plan will involve an app built by us that will centralize media streaming and home media management, we also hope to get a lot of feedback and help from the developer community in the app development as Soap has the hardware and capable of a lot we all will be the ones deciding its software limitations. We altered it to be more clear. So it's a clarification of a clarification of a clarification. One day we will get it all in one try. Insteon is included. You can still communicate with Insteon with our device without the add on. This add-on just is able to to Insteon and X10 on a power line and RF. Andrew, will you post that link for the TPM and RoT stuff I want to go through it again, but my browser flushes itself and the history is gone. Thank you Luke! We are excited and appreciate the support. We are going to be going through a list of set applications that Soap will come installed and will have no bloatware as this is your home environment and privacy is paramount. It is no good how a 16 GB phone only has 5 GB of storage available after all is said and done. I think it's something that could be done with an app on Soap but send us a message about it as Jamie is correct. Andrew, yes, one could do this. So you mean a simple app that runs on android that allows people to create an ad based hotspot for the public? Then it tracks the amount of ads displayed and such? How about you do this and license it to for our base software package. I have had some time to read that link you posted. Geez, it was long! I'm going to write my thoughts on it soon and would like to hear your thoughts. We know the iMX6 has a couple limitations the design will need alterations and adjustments as any product being created we are grateful that we are not in final manufacturing and can still make the correct adjustments to Soap before final it was too late. As for your earlier question we plan on combating this challenge by using a PCIE bridge switch it allows for one PCIE to become more. We will be using something similar to if not this exact one <url>“The ExpressLane™ PEX 8604 device offers 4 PCI Express Gen 2 (5.0 GT/s) lanes, which supports up to four ports. The switch conforms to the PCI Express Base Specification, rev 2.0. The PEX8604 is the industry's smallest 4-lane Gen 2 device and it enables users with the ability to connect multiple PCI Express endpoints which are used in a variety of consumer and embedded applications including Multi-Function Printers, wireless ethernet modules, IO expansion modules, Express Card applications as well as other low power applications. The PEX 8604 boasts unsurpassed performance with its non-blocking architecture, capable of supporting both host-centric as well as true peer-to-peer traffic on its ports. The PEX 8604 supports x2 port width natively on the upstream port which allows it to interface directly and seamlessly to embedded processors commonly used in such applications. The PEX 8604 also features an on-chip Non-Transparent port for dual-host and failover applications, supports dual-clock domain operation by virtue of support for Spread Spectrum Clock (SSC) isolation as well as two Virtual Channels for enhanced QoS. The device is hardware configurable and/or software programmable, allowing users to tailor their port configurations and QoS operating characteristics to suit their application requirements. The PEX 8604 is offered in a 15 x 15mm 196-ball PBGA. This device is available in both leaded and lead-free packaging. This device supports Access Control Services (ACS).” We are aware of limitations and challenges, but we are a very creative and talented team that can work around, work through and make it happen and we would love to have you supporting us. Hello Andrew, Can you expand on that question? If you don't want to scroll through 1100 comments and can't find an answer on our project page. Please message us directly or post a comment here and we will answer you as soon as possible. Welcome to all the new backers! We are so excited to have you. would be interested** Luke, I have posted your question to our PCB specialist Harry Potter. Just kidding about the HP part. We will post the answer as soon as we receive it from our specialist. We will get your pledge up again and we value your expertise....maybe you would be into pledge for a developer package and a early turn around device. In real world testing we have tested the range in a couple environments and the range will cover a full 5000+ square ft 3 level house. We tested an iPad, Android tablet and Laptop and the results all seemed consistent. The radius for optimal signal averages about 54 m via Soap 2.4 and 51 M on the Soap5. Data rates stayed great until reach this point and it becomes intermittent rather than dropping to slower speeds. If you want the data sheet on the chipset I can make that available to you. We will have additional upgrades available and we will look into some of those. Plex android app will already run on the device. Roku will already work with it. Apple TV im not sure about. Ari, The Almond+ looks like a great product and we are excited for them to get to their launch date. I am going to try and answer this the best I can without seeming like I am bashing a competitor so please be aware I only mean to state what I know and I think it looks like it can be great. We would almost say that Soap and Almond are not really in the same classification as for the difference in technical specs, features and function. The only similarity is WiFi and a touchscreen (even these screens are different types). I am not certain on too much info on their device as they BOM is not available, but I can tell you about Soap. Here is a base overview of Soap: Soap: imx6Quad 4gb ddr3 ram 7inch capacitive touch display 802.11ac looking like we will be using a wave 2 wifi chipset Quantenna2300 Zigbee Zwave BLE(Bluetooth 4.0) 8-32gb SSD able to upgrade to a much bigger HD USB 3.0/2.0 SATAII Runs Android and we are building Soap Automation Apps for system management and much easier connectivity. You also can run linux we have our prototype booting Kali Linux. With Soap you can make a WiFI device talk to a BLE and then to a zwave device. Soap is the Rosetta stone of home networking and automation allowing communications on tons of protocols and will do the translating for you. It makes this messy home automation and networking world clean. Yes ,we are very aware of the insane price we are offering early backers, but be aware we will not be offering this price to anyone after Kickstarter. We have other outside KS funding and this has allowed a loss leader pricing on our earlier units to push popularity. We are aware of our quick and ambitious goals, but we would like you to know we are a fast and diligent a team that will work day and night to get it done. We have all the orders for 80% of the components on our BOM but are waiting for the end of our campaign for feedback from backers on the demand for certain chipsets (We are probably switching from an older WiFi chipset to a newer one because of backer requests) and any final PCB changes and request. We absolutely believe we will have early release devices by that date we have stated as it is under 500 units and is a small amount. They will be early release and will require updates and some TLC from you and us, but we hope to work with our early release backers to help finalize the product for our final launch date. We are aware all projects have delays and to not expect some delay wouldn't be wise, but I wouldn't see much further than 1 or 2 months and too much longer of a delay would put us out of the league in terms of technology as this world moves quickly. The reason we feel so confident in our product time line is we have a lot of great help outside of our core team. We have a great engineering firm working with us and also now are dealing with one of the largest WLAN manufacturers in the world and they have been helping to streamline the process. For manufacturing, testing and even expedited licensing we have experts that are helping to make this happen. We would love to have you back us and let other knows about Soap. Cheers. Hello Barry, No, I am sorry we are not using that extender you linked (although it is a great looking product). The extender we have offered is specific to Soap products and will come configured to work with your device. The Soap extender we have is 802.11AC not 802.11N and also acts as a wireless ethernet bridge so it does it faster and it does more. So it's a good option if 4 ethernet ports are not enough and/or you have a large house with thick walls. Also, it's only an option if you have pledged for a Soap device as its an add on upgrade to Soap touch or Soap Essentials and will not run stand alone. Andrew we will take a look here in a moment. With the hardware in soap we can do some very unique TPM systems. Andrew I would love to walk you through our planned process for this but this is still on the drawing board and would all be theory. We do plan on using a TPM of sorts but we just are not sure on the best way to implement this as it as we want the utmost security but we dont want to step over the line of annoyances. We want to try and allow people to enable a TPM or secure boot but also to be able to disable it this if it proves to be too annoying. We all know how annoying, challenging and sometimes impossible these systems can be, depending on the type of TPM. I would love to hear your input on some of your most favorable TPM or secure boot systems. These are the things where feedback is our best ally for creating the most secure and user friendly system. Andrew, Give us a moment we can give you a little walk through our process in a moment. Dinner Time. Daniel, what we mean is you will have both 2.0 and 3.0 on the device. Imx6 doesn't natively support usb3.0 so we had to create a converter to do this for us. For the end user you will not notice any difference this will all be happening inside. Yes Andrew, we will be able to do this. We appreciate the help and concern with the project. We would like to be clear we only asked for 80,000 because that is what is needed at this point, we do have other means of financing. The goal we stated was very planned out. If you are concerned about the newer WiFI chipset we have good news we have been talking with a Quantenna rep and are very strongly leaning towards their wave 2 chip set. We will formally announce something later this week. CPU-IMX6Q 64-Bit DDR3-1066 4GB WIFI-Quantenna QAC2300 Zigbee- XBee 802.15.4 OEM Z-Wave-ZM3102 RFID-DLP Design BLE- BLE112 Insteon- CPU insteon controller unit SATAII- Yes HDMI-Yes PCIE to USB3.0 - We have created a mPCIe to USB3.0 converter. USB 2.0-Yes USB OTG-Yes mPCIe- Yes Gigabyte ethernet 1to4 switch- Yes Boot from sd- Yes Capacitive touch-Yes SD Card Reader- Yes LAN- Yes We will post more details about our Tech Specs in few days as we can answer a lot of tech questions some have to be deferred to a higher level of expertise, We are meeting with Sage later this week. We want to make sure you guys have the most up to date info. Luke..No problem give us a little bit of time to put it all together for you. @David Ferrey: we will keep you guys updated Just so everyone knows that update was surprise to us as well (wish they would have updated us about this before the update), as they said we have had conversations with them about it and were under the impression that we were going to move forward with this. We will keep you guys updated if anything more comes out of this. Mike, thanks I will be getting on the phone to them asap and see what is up. I am wondering if their is a disconnect between team members over there. Kalus- We feel the Soap Touch is more functional and easier to setup/use then the Soap Essentials. The display allows for full control with no need for peripherals. It has more on board storage and we have some planned apps that will be meant to function on the touch. Yes you can hook up a display, mouse and keyboard and run it but it is really nice to not have to do that and have a clutter free hub. Hmm...that is also a good term for it....We will need to do some sort of survey in the end. Its is still called Soap but we can classify it as a Rablet or Rhablet... Like a Samsung GS4 is a Phone :) We have decided to coin the term Rablet this is Router+Tablet....We feel it gives a better instant impact definition of Soap. Cheers. John we are very excited to get people tinkering with the device as we believe some of the best ideas will come from the community and we are exited to see apps developed based on the home environment rather then an mobile phone. We will have the Insteon RF protocol communication built into Soap and as of now this is functioning on Soap. We have a available accessory that will allow the both types X10 and Insteon on AC power line as a add on by USB but we have no plans to build a Insteon AC power line communication protocol into the main board on Soap as it would cause more expense and even can be dangerous for Soap. Yes John, we will have a open boot loader. We are going to have an open API for people to help develop cooler features then we could do alone. We will plan on releasing it early too. Hopefully we can get a first version out within the next two months, Good morning and evening to others, we just letting you know we are here now and will be going through the questions we missed last night. Alex, you will receive one that is specific for the EU region. Kalus, We will have a few slight variations of hardware in the Soap versions throughout the world: US,EU,ASIA\AUS Within those three platforms there will be minor variations between the Z-wave and Insteon. Between those three platforms and using our software, Soap can be used throughout the world on the correct RF per country regulations. The chosen Zwave and Insteon have some play in them and thats why we have the software to really tune it in as we could never afford to make 200 different base platforms that use only hardware to dial it in. So in Germany. You will receive our EU version operating at 868 MHz for Zwave. The Insteon will operate at 869 MHz. You would be able to tweak Soap in Germany to work on another none EU country RF depending on which country. The hardware only has so much range this is why we had to have 3 different parts and couldn't just have one Zwave module controlled by software. So in short the hardware sets the limits and the software is there to specify exactness per user location. Will you be providing a detailed manual? Yes we plan to provide a detailed manual with each device. Will you have a full time staff available for answering questions? Will you have "Live" support in real time via chat or other means? We have plans to add full time staff via live chat, and phone support if needed. This will need to be addressed as we grow, but it is something that we have taken into consideration. What procedures will you have in place for identifying issues to determine potential larger design problems? We will be doing some small runs on our PCB for in house testing, on top of that we will sending some of our initial boards out to a company that specializes in different types of testing (thermal, IP, vibration, and shock). When we go to larger production there will be additional QC at the production facility. Have any of you provided direct consumer level technical support before to know what you are trying to undertake? Yes we have all worked in other businesses that provided a direct consumer level tech support. As the needs grows and it is hard to determine at this point we would need to bring in staff where customer support is more of their specialty. Soap can stream audio both ways in and out for audio devices. You could in theory design a app that allowed the mobile phone as mic/speaker extension of soap. As of now we can handle 7 Active slaves and 248 Sleepers. You can handle a constant stream with 7 devices but with the right management software(Soap Automation app) you can handle a lot of BLE devices. We are looking into a extension add on for people for BLE as if you want more devices this would require another BLE radio but you could do this with a USB BLE stick. going through the questions now. Will post shortly. David- we will have a multiport USB3.0 add on available. The SATAII would be much harder to do add. We will be offering 3GB/S HD add-ons for large, fast network storage. We are looking into the WiFi option we need to speak to our suppliers and will update you as soon as we know. We would like some feedback/suggestions on what add-ons you guys wish you could get with Soap? We have a lot of things we didn't build directly into Soap either to cost or just development time, but are things we can offer as add-ons. Not wifi chipsets and such, but for things like larger storage, USB x10 dongle, USB 433mhz dongle etc. We have our planned ones we will be adding to the project, but we want to make sure we are not missing something you guys all would hate to miss out on. Who else feels this way? Who would rather sack the audio for a second generation 802.11ac chipset? Kalus that is a very wise statement. Luke, we will gladly post the tech specs which ones would you like us to list? The Router can function as a media server, but we have not tested "5-7 HDD true USB 3 hub to function as a media server with steaming 1980 or 2560" this and it would be unfair for us to say yes until we tested it. Woot! just did comment 1,000....We are not a very talkative group are we :) Thanks to all the backers so far we are moving in the right direction..up! Lets get to that stretch goal! Thanks Seyha we agree. Duncan we have we answered all the questions in there that we can and if you feel we have not then we're sorry but that is the best we can do. We are sorry we haven't been able to accommodate your skepticism but to keep spamming that link is really a waste of every ones time and we are asking you to please stop. Guys really lets keep it clean there is no reason to attack each other. That serves no purpose except the people that don't want this project to succeed. Because it prevents good communication between the legitimate backers and us. We feel we have responded to everything if you feel that we have not then you are free to not pledge to us. Sorry to hear that Luke. There are going to pre-orders at some point. I know we have a lot of smart developers here so I am going to ask a question. Has anyone ever worked or been able to make a Insteon device talk to a x10 device? Thanks Anthony, we are glad that everyone is working hard to get the project moving forward. We are grateful for the respect from everyone and are so excited we can actually work to finish making Soap! Share the Soap! 80 dollar is the Soap Essentials not touch, just want to be clear. Added some more 80 dollar units. We apologize Mark, we had quite a bit of a requests to take care of for Kickstarter along with Brandon has an infant in the hospital with RSV. We really appreciate your support and sticking with us. We won't let this happen again. For Insteon we only plan to operate on an RF version. It will still be in our design, but it will have to be sent to Insteon for certification. Hector, it is the same guy. Hey Kevin we already have someone we are working with for the quick turn around manufacturing. We have made 10 of these units available for 500 dollars. We are on schedule for a 30 day time frame for the lead time with the parts and then the printing and assembly of our board. The longest lead time as of now is the WIFI chipset and this is where the PCB design will possibly be changed and also has the longest lead time on the parts order. It will have insteon. We have only been able to test this through Linux and have not had a chance to really get it tested on android for more than ability to see the drive. However, we do have support for the FS types on both OS, but we have not tested the BTRFS on Read/write ability and storage ability. Later today we will get a simple test going with both POC and see how well it likes a USB BTRFS at current development. We will also get a list of all the supported FS we have right now in the kernel and what we plan to have by launch. Do you have any other FS you would like us to go over? Mark, Alex will have to answer the insteon question, but as to the Droidifi question we have had multiple conversations with them and they explained to us what happened with their project and why it didn't get finished. We contacted them because a few backers had messaged us about it and after talking with them we felt they could help speed up the process of getting Soap into our backers hands. @Hector Silva: Alex should know if It is the same guy,I'll ask him and we are shooting for late July for the early units. Droidifi will actually have the ability to finish their project because from what we understand the development they need to complete, in terms of software is a byproduct of developing ours. I would like to clarify that partnership isn't the right way to define it. We are not selling or acquiring any corporate stock or ownership. We have hired them to help us finish specific drivers for SoapOS. They have some of this done already stuff that would take us more months then we would like. The SoapOS is a special version of android. Yes, we are planning a specific set of applications with all the needed development for drivers to run stable with all our added connectivity. not sure why, but I'm pretty sure they will at some point. Geez, almost to 1k comments. Daniel, we are going to provide the funding needed to finish the droidifi project. Also SoapOs is just our version of Android that will have our core apps pre-installed. David, that is a good idea. The 433mhz is also something we were interested but can't afford for the final design as it requires more development, approval and certification. As you can see with our proof of concept we have nothing for this and we can't even speculate on what kind of increased cost that it would cause. We are working with other developers and companies who are interested in developing hardware accessories and peripherals to help create and allow different connectivity for other types of home automation connections. We dont have anything for x10 in our final design as of now the only thing we were looking into it but the only one we felt we could possibly afford for the final design was a RF version but we havent tested any form of the x10. Welcome to all new backers! We are very excited to have you with us! We are here to answer questions. We are planning a on board storage for each that is either 8GB or 32GB depending on the device you choose. We originally had this planned for a SATA2 connection but do to the cost we had to change this. The good news is you now have a free SATA2 port for much more expansion. There is also a SD boot up where it will look for the SD for boot up sequence if its in SD slot meaning you can change the OS it loads into memory if you want. The earlier usb3.0 answer wasnt clear- Our sata2 to usb3.0 only works for storage and not for other USB devices. The mpcie to usb3.0 works for any kind of device. Thanks most likely will be after the campaign ends, I wish we could say more but we can't. We have been dealing with this issue and in testing speed we have used a mPCIE to USB3.0 and we have tested SATAII to USB3.0. As of now the final design we want to create is being decided, but we are working on the final solution for this as we speak. As you know the imx6 doesn't support a direct usb3.0 we have created these conversion methods that are highly comparable. We have no problems with this as of now... Look at the block diagram. We will split the speeds on the gigabyte ethernet port with a normal switch. <url>"ins" are covered and Soap is programmed well enough to be a moderate security auditor and defense probably good enough to trick most hackers into thinking they are dealing with a live human who is adjusting settings as needed. If you are a guy attempting to steal my info my device can trick you into giving your info up and give you false info in return(through Soap Flypaper) Its a new application for things and no, not everyone will need that level of security but to have it is really cool we can't wait to get devices out to you guys for testing and you can see what I mean. @Backers <url>ÜV, and JET. We may add more but those are the ones we are planning on at the moment. Yes we will be posting one this weekend How about implementing wireless sound data transfer? It would only require a microphone and a speaker <url>´s rec, the play between difference z-wave (door lock) and zigbee (phillips hue), that let me turn the light on when the door is open. Is the Wan for normal internet from the ISP router or does it have ADSL/VDSL? thanks keep up the good work ---We have a EU version with correct Power, Zwave and the This INSTEON product is compatible with other 869 MHz European products. Products built for use in France, Germany and the United Kingdom all use 869 MHz. Products built for the USA and Australia / New Zealand use different RF frequencies that are incompatible with European INSTEON products. MIMO-Yes for 802.11 did you mean a different radio? With the soap automation hub which is our standard software built into the Soap OS(droid) you are able to use soap to make a zigbee device speak with a z wave devices not in direct link but through soap. Imagine Soap as a great interpreter that speaks a lot of languages and gives a lot of commands. Is the Wan for normal internet from the ISP router or does it have ADSL/VDSL? You can connect ADSL/VDSL modems or any other modem even a mPCIe or USB 3.0 expansion modem. This is a way gives youa much cheaper MULTI WAN router but isnt quite as pretty. If I didn't understand correctly please let me know. Thanks, Alex Were you still going to possibly open up pins or a plug for Arduino or RasPi signals? -Yes we are going to do this. Comment Survey- Seeing as we can't create a survey yet would like to know. What is most routers or home automation hubs missing in terms of wireless or wired connectivity. x10, BLE or ....? Hey guys we posted a new informative video thats pretty cool! Check it out under the features. @Eric- This was a simple miscommunication between us(the Soap team) I thought he was one of us being as he was so helpful and seeing his initial name was "Soap Team" but seemed to be later changed to "Andrew" and I did not verify with Brandon, Dave or any Sage engineers before posting and referencing the guy as One of Us. It was my mistake(and obviously a big one) and we will make sure this never happens again and we are clear that only messages from this creator account actually is us and never from anyone else whether claiming to be soap team, Andrew or not. We understand the concern and appreciate your support and understanding. Thank you. Hey Guys Lets Share The Soap! Dont let your friends and family be left dirty, share with them. Please share Soap with your friends nd family through any means it helps get some sweet strech goals. Facebook, Twitter, instagram, Email, Forums, World of Warcraft, Tech new sites, snail mail, pigeons or even smoke signals! Lets crush it. We have a lot of you awesome backers and would always love more. Share the love spread the word and save the world. I changed my mind I will do individual answers to questions it makes it look I am doing more work faster :) @Kevin Can we get a clarified and detailed listing of exactly what physical connection ports there will be on SOAP. I've seen now postings with the two USB, five LAN connectors (1-wan, 4-lan), HDMI, etc - however, I'm not completely sure what else there is because I had assumed that with the use of the Wanboard that there would be the optical audio port, but you mentioned it's been removed. For clarity I'd have you include in one posting specifically everything if it's designed to be attached to on SOAP including the WIFI antenna (maybe even it's connector type and dB rating) and even the power plug (maybe even with it's projected power rating). Most of us here I'm sure imagine every plug and how we'll put it to use when we get it. External Connections on SOAP as of 2/14 USB 3.0 x 2 HDMI x 1 Rj45 x 5 (1 WAN and 4 LAN (Adjustable)) Audio Stereo 3.5 MM can be used for IR receiver/blaster or stereo audio 2x SD Card Expansion 1 can be used for boot Antenna(remember this may change and may have additional)- Frequency GHz: 2.4 GHz. / 5GHz DB gain: 5 dBi Power output: 2 W Polarization: Vertical VSWR: <= 2.0 3dB Beam Width: E-plan 25° H-plan 360° Dimension Phi x L: 12.9 x 165 mm Connector: RSMA Temperature: -20 to+80°C Humidity: 40%~60% RH This has a Long extender with it too Under The Hood(Not on back but inside device physical connections) 2 mPCIe expansion slot Unused 1 SATA II connectors JTAG and GPIO Available but Removed as of now eSata Optical Audio Serial Camera(Early design from wand board design look at wand board and see camera connection) -Alex For you next questions Kevin, I am going to do one large comment and also add a lot to the FAQ. @ KevinFor x10, as far as additional price, if it was anything more than around $10 more for the native ability within SOAP then no because I can find x10 USB dongles for that. Personally my whole reason for wanting SOAP is to get a unified solution to things and start having my Zigbee, z-wave, and x10 devices I have now play better together and have a more unified network hub for things I'm already planning. Currently I have a HTPC setup with a X10 USB transmitter (among many other devices that have unfortunately ended up on that system just because it's on most of the time and is centrally located). We were considered both at first but have narrowed it down to wireless for native and to offer a accessory that would have power line. We also want to have one Synchronized and Unified interface hub. @Automate- For X-10 are you thinking power line, wireless or both? An option for X-10 would be good. We were thinking both but have reconsidered this and decided wireless would be best and the most safe for the device. We are however looking at creating a accessory for both that could be bought in a addition to the device. Hey Guys I am working on questions update now. @Kevin for @Soap - I'm still in favor of native x10 support within Soap as well if you're still finalizing which technologies might be of value to put in. There are so many devices out there that are x10 compliant that are very inexpensive and great for home automation and security. We are very strongly considering this and really do fill it would make us more unique and help make our device more attractive to potential customers. We are just making sure we can fit this into the device at the cost we qouted. Do you feel backers would be willing to pay a little more for this added feature. What do you guys think? @ Kevin Scott- Will there be native IR functionality already built into Soap? If not, this would fantastic if it could and such a convenience for home automation with the potential to trigger Z-Wave or other things right from my TV remote without having to dangle a IR USB device off the side. You've mentioned before Soap being able to be used as a Media device, this would come in very handy for that as well. This is a valid point the IR would be awesoem for this as is my Samsung GS4 for the tv and such. We have th ability to hook in IR through USB or our mPCIE expansion ports. We are looking into creating usb or mpcie expansion port for IR receiver and blaster because this is a great idea. BJ, first we have addressed the issues with funding several times. Thanks for the concern, but we have already done our own cost analysts and this is what we need to make Soap. If you feel our price is too low feel free to pledge more : ) Alex, we are starting some outside marketing that hopefully start to kick in today, and the idea is a great idea on the android forums. You are welcome to share our link as well : ) Will put videos up this weekend Kevin Scott, We do plan on doing an update tonight clarifying all the mistakes, also we will be explaining the stretch goals in more detail, and adding a developer pledge level. We will be trying to get to every question as quickly as we can, and to answer all the question that have been asked. Andrew, the firmware will be open source. Daniel, we have addressed financials and we have access to funding outside of KickStarter if and when we need it. Alan Quah, you will get to choose the frequency you need. Paul, thanks for the comment. Please everyone no bashing of others hard work. Lets keep it technical. The soap bubbles in the main ad was a type error. In the ad we meant a soap wifi extender. The real soap bubbles the one we spoke about in a our update will be available for developer package we will soon announce. We are very sorry for any confusion we caused. patience** Hey Kevin, the questions you poised will be posted within the hour with answers. Sorry for the delay and we appreciate your patence. We have 4 LAN ports and 1 WAN port as of now. So it would be 5. Sorry if one of us acted offended and sorry if one of us came off offensive. We have had a lot money backed from family and friend investors which has allowed us to get further a long then most in a garage or basement in our case. We have a lot of blood sweat a tears in the project and its hard to accept feedback especially that which is different then what you want to hear and feel. We are going to be posting the image and video update we are meeting all together us three and our engineering firm we hired to go over all of the complaints and to brain storm the best way to present answers to all the concerns without giving away techniques that would allow for open season of theft off our project. Its a hard one to figure out and we are asking for any suggestions on this. What would satisfy your concerns and wouldn't cause our full design to be placed online for sale to t the highest bidder...because soap is special and has things that will be sought after by other businesses and already has. Our ideas so far is to show more of the working prototype with as much of the board as possible through images/videos. -Alex Welcome to all the new backers and we appreciate you support so far.. Jason we really are not sure and really are frustrated because he is no longer backing our project at all and we can not even message him to find out. Asterix and others we are quite wary of this too as it is causing extreme frustration for us as it can cause derailment for the project that is real and good. We are still working on a full update with images/video for you as we need all our people together to do this so be patient and if at the end of the video and corresponding update you dont want to be a part of a project you can feel free to jumpship and to buy the product after final production later this year. We are a start up and are currently looking at offices to rent? Is that ok? Do you want our home address? We are in no way at all related or connected to Andrew Stevenson. Also what is wrong agreeing to look at extending technologies? We are not saying everything would be added but some of the comments have been stuff we have already looked at. Ram is not a big issue the device is using laptop ram and our idea from the start with this project was to make it as modular as possible. We didn't want to make a device that when one thing breaks everything is toast. Asterix, we are answering all the questions first. We will then get to the video and some other things we are going to add to the project. We need time because some things do take time and we want to do them right so we don't have more questions and have to repeat this all over again. They are coming later today, ran out of time last night. The video will most likely be posted this weekend. Seyha, that is a great idea, we will make this option available as an upgrade after funding is finalized. Edna T. yes after the project ends you will be able to select what power adapter you need. Medatom, can you point me to a link where they posted all of this information prior to being funded via KickStarter? Just to be clear they both should be October, it was updated and got a pledge before I could fix the error. @filippo, as you probably saw we are going to address all the questions that we possibly can. Did you happen to watch video on the story of the project? I believe it does explain why we started Arduino, the original scope of the project was more of a parental control filtering device, but saw a need and want for something bigger. @All we are doing a large project update to address all the quesions posted by a couple of backers so far like licensing, manufacturing, more prototype information like chipsets useds.. We will explain the final development and how we will be doing this so we can make it clear with all the required information. We are working on the update now and will have it for you within the next day either tonight or tomorrow morning. Thank you so much for the support so far and keep up the support. to* We will be posting a full update for everyone too see. We need you guys suggestions, we want to know what peripherals everyone would want with Soap. We wish everything could be put everything into Soap,but we don't want to make something as large as a fridge! Asterix, we will be doing this over today and tomorrow will have a update that gives some nitty gritty details tonight or tomorrow that address your concerns. We really want you to have a soap device also so stay with us. As you can see we spend a lot of time trying to keep you guys as informed and happy and we will continue this. The 3d Printed design is just a shell for our prototype. It is to show what the device would look like instead of just a board with a screen attached. We are working on a new video and will update as soon as we can. We are going to be posting a new stretch goal soon involving linux Hey Umar let me be clear. I actually need to wipe that one from the record and clarify. The soap device has remote drive access like many routers out now but as for web hosting and such we have drawing board but not here yet. JW, just like you can turn WiFi off on your phone or tablet you will have on/off button for other connectivity on soap. Filippo, we understand your concern and will updating the development process to give you a better image of our prototype and where it stands. A lot of the information you have asked for can be very dangerous to publish online as it could be stolen and manufactured by others so we have to walk a fine line of what is too much and what is not enough. For future reference If you would directly message us with any questions like this and we can have one of our engineers message you directly and get you more of what you ask for that would be most beneficial to the project. Thanks and we wait for your message and will be updating soon. Also we will be announcing some new stretch goals, so keep an eye out for an update later today. Good morning KickStarter! We are getting so close to our goal, and we really are grateful for all the help, support, and great suggestions. Lets see how fast we can break 80K!!! Filippo, we will address your concerns shortly. Thank you ever one for your support so far. Another Day on KickStarter has arrived! Hey guys another thing...check out our website <url>