@zappe: The SMB/FTP/"Home Connect" feature absolutely is in alpha (as we mentioned when we announced it), and we've been spending a lot of time in hardening other aspects of the product so we haven't had a chance to put the "polish" on that feature just yet. However, if you have problems with anything else, please by all means contact us at <email> and we'd love to investigate for you! @Aron: As with all other Kickstarter projects, we're always going to be working on new projects and new things to put out. Like a shark, companies die if they stop swimming! But we're absolutely still developing for the core Space Monkey product; it may not seem like it, because (as an example) new apps can't be put out until they're finished so it can take a while to see months and months of hard work as a user, but the team is still working hard. But, as far as "a prototype"-- definitely not. You still have what we're currently producing, marketing (it's what you can buy at spacemonkey.com today!), and developing software for! :) Hey guys! I'm sorry to have left all of you hanging; our public relations definitely isn't as active as you guys would like, and I'm sorry about that! While some things with our acquisition have been very smooth, other things have been slightly bumpy, so let me explain: The recent delays in support are due to support being handed off from me (Jessica, the one you guys have all been talking to for the last year) to a couple of wonderful customer care folks here at Vivint. As the product scales, we needed a lot more help, and they have stepped up in learning the product and answering folks. However, we have slightly changed the method for handling tickets, and one or two have fallen through the cracks for time periods that we do not find acceptable. We are working to remedy this and make these delays not happen anymore, so do know that we are incredibly sorry and working to make this not happen to you or any other customer in the future. For Heri, we actually are still innovating! However, with a new "real" parent company, those product innovations will likely not be coming through the Kickstarter channel, but rather as more of a "Here's a new, fully formed product, that you can order today and receive in a week!" kind of announcement. Or, so I assume, we may announce a month or so prior that it will be available in a few months, but we don't plan on having products be crowd-funded in the future. Not because you guys haven't been patient and wonderful, but we'd rather just have a more instant gratification for future products. :) Also, just as a super-minor shout out our parent company (Vivint) is actually a home security and automation company-- they have the camera thing in the bag. But their involvement in that kind of thing definitely has us thinking of how we can integrate into those types of products! @Bernie: A few months ago the app had a bug where it would sync data to the device, but then somehow the files didn't get linked into the filesystem properly, and so the app thought it had synced the file properly and delete it, and then the device would find unlinked files and think they were marked for deletion and delete them, and thus the files ended up lost. We've since fixed that problem and have been able to link the cases of limited data loss to that issue, but it's definitely unfortunate when it happens! That's why we're currently still in beta; we're doing our best to fix every bug so that data loss of any kind never happens, but you guys are our first users and at the time of this bug we'd only launched on such a large scale for a few months-- so, of course I'm very sorry if those albums were lost to this bug, but we're working hard to make sure that never happens again. If they were lost to this bug in the first place; it's possible that they just gave you a temporary error for some reason. We'd love to know how it turns out! You can also let us know at <email> if you'd like a quicker response, though we try to check in here as much as we can! @Matteo: You're one of our international 2TB backers; unfortunately, those devices are still delayed; you can contact us at <email> and we can give you more information and some options. @Bernie: We've had users stream music and such before without much issue; "pinning" it so it's local is a work-around, but your service should serve the music up quickly enough to truly stream it. If you contact us at <email> we can take a closer look to see what's happening. @Balazs: We're currently working to make network upload throughput more efficient, though of course the time will still depend on how much data you're uploading and your available upload speeds (which sounds like it isn't too much of an issue for you, awesome!). You also have to remember that your device has to check the health of all of your files on the network, and the more you store the longer that can take... but the improvements we're currently working on should help that, also. However, all of that uploading and repair checking at once can take up a lot of your device's time, so it can cause other interactions to slow. Hopefully that will improve with the fixes we're doing, but for now we recommend "pinning" any files you want to play or use a lot for optimal streaming, especially since you have a lot of local space. 1) Our recent acquisition has complicated that a little in that we now have a lot of other people to run things like that through and collecting money for the upgrade is something that we probably have to do differently, so sorting all of that out is taking us a little time. We do still plan on offering it, and I'm sure we will do so before the international accounts come up for renewal, so as to not cause you guys to pay more than you have to for yearly service if you plan to upgrade to own. 2) Streaming support is the next big feature we plan to release, but features aren't ready until they're ready and it was a lot of back-end work to pipe through. Still, we're getting close to releasing v1 of our streaming capabilities, with improvements and more functionality to follow. 3) Well, we promised "accelerated" development, which is the case. We now have more resources to grow our team and make Space Monkey better, faster. However, teams don't grow and gain knowledge of our entire product overnight! :) @Gio: You can go to beta.spacemonkey.com and log in with the email address you use for Kickstarter. If you need to reset (or just get) your password, you can go to beta.spacemonkey.com/forgot_password . Anyway, you can update your address for your account there! @BR: I responded to your message, but I will also respond here: All devices have shipped with the exception of the 2TB devices and a small amount of 1TB devices that had shipping exceptions (like yours). If you are a 1TB backer and have not received your device, please send us an email at <email> so we can sort out what happened with your shipment! @Aron: I'm very sorry you're not satisfied, but we're not overly sure what update you want. Do you have a specific question you want answered? @Jean-Marc, Fred: I apologize!! We've been a little behind due to the announcement email that went out a few days ago. You both are in the same situation; you're international 2TB backers, which we're still figuring out the best/fastest way to fulfill your rewards. We should have an update for you guys very soon. Sorry for the delay! Status update, there you are! :) We needed to get all of the ducks in a row before we could announce the acquisition, but we're excited about it! @Greg, Andrew: I have not heard about any plans at all to phase out Space Monkey, though I've heard of several plans and exciting things they want to accomplish with us! So, for you backers, it just means that we'll have even more resources and awesome, talented folks to help us make the product better and more awesome for you! Vivint, itself, is a pretty young, enthusiastic company-- and while I can't speak for them officially, of course, they definitely seem very excited to have Space Monkey on board, both the team and the product! Even our company colors already match up. ;) @Nick: I'm sorry you feel so strongly about the ToS; they're really pretty standard among hardware companies. You actually have even less protections under Kickstarter (for example, the new terms provide for a one-year warranty, whereas nothing on Kickstarter mentioned a warranty of any kind). However, you have the right to feel however you feel, of course! Anyway, we definitely still want to provide a purchase option and will be doing so; we've been a little delayed due to other concerns but I'll remind the guys who make these decisions to get that moving for you all. Manuel is right about being able to restrict the bandwidth of your device; you can restrict it all the way down to 300kbps up and down within the preferences in your desktop app. @Manuel: Thank you for being helpful with using your own experience to help other users, that's awesome! :D @Trip: We definitely would have let everyone know of the speed issues with iPhoto if we knew that it would definitely be one; we weren't fully developed as a product at the start of the Kickstarter campaign. We're being as honest as we can now that our product has launched and we're getting reports of this being an issue. @David: All 1TB device rewards should have shipped, with some minor exceptions. We'll be in touch via email (look for an email from <email>) about your case in specific; I suspect I know what happened regarding your shipment, and how to rectify it. @Trip: I'm glad you've had good luck with external drives before, but I'm just quoting Apple, there. And, as Manuel mentioned (and was right on the money about, actually, thanks Manuel!), iPhoto CAN work with Space Monkey-- but it's slow, for the reasons he mentioned, and may have some risks involved, as mentioned by Apple. @Johan: Did you send it to support@? We never received it if so, sorry about that! Anyway, we're considering making it so users can relocate their cache, but there's no ETA on that feature being implemented. DLNA support will likely come much sooner. @Fred: Multiple accounts is something we definitely want to do, but we have some other big things to get done, first. Still, it's on the road map and we definitely plan to offer it, hopefully soon! @Jean-Marc, Matteo, Nigel, Swamys, any other 2TB backers: The 2TB devices have not yet shipped. We were waiting on a few software changes that were necessary in order to make the 2TB devices work properly (understand the additional space, etc). In testing those changes, we came upon a couple of other issues that are now being corrected. Essentially, we still intend to ship the 2TB devices, but it could take a little longer to finish all of the necessary testing/coding iterations, because we don't want to ship a product knowing that it won't work properly! If you have any further questions or would like to ask for a refund, please contact us at <email> and we'll answer those concerns right away. @Trip: Refund concerns need to go through <email> -- though, specifically for iPhoto, Apple advises not to store actual iPhoto libraries on external drives/devices: <url>"show package," and moving those photos over. I think they're called "masters" or something similar when you click show package. @Soeren: I understand your concerns, and all of the issues you pointed out are on the road map (in fact, some are being actively worked on at the moment). In the mean time, if you have questions about your account and the expiration date, you can contact us at <email> and we'd be happy to tell you the dates we have in your account for you. I can only speak very generally on a lot of your questions, but I think generally the Space Monkey network is working as expected especially considering the relative newness of the product-- aka, there's still a lot of things we want to improve! I don't know that we have a hardened, release-ready road map, but multi-user and SMBA/DLNA support are DEFINITELY on it. @Tobias: Well, there's one reason behind that specific case: currently, your phone is actually not communicating over the LAN, even if that's where it's connected! Silly, yes, and we're currently working on fixing that, so you should see a speed up there, soon. ("Soon" is a relative thing, of course; as with everything, it needs to be finished, tested, iterated, etc. But it's coming!) @Whitecat: Thank you! :) We're happy that you're enjoying it! @DW: Sorry for the shipping being a little painful, but I'm glad you got it and were able to get it working! Thank you for the feedback. :) @Balazs: Thank you for all of the feedback, also! As you have run into, there's a lot of improvements we can still make regarding the service, and we definitely want to do so! I'll forward your feedback on the the engineering team so they know. :) @Artur: We definitely still plan on offering another upgrade path for you international folks, we're just giving you a few weeks to try out the product so that you have as much time with your Space Monkey as possible before making that decision. @Sam: Of course! No worries at all, we all have hard days. I'm glad we could make at least this part of it a little better. @Robin: These features are definitely still in process! With all of the new international devices shipping we have a lot going on, but I'll look into getting the powers-that-be to make another update regarding our upcoming features. :) @Gijs: Thank you for contacting us at support@ about this! To keep it on top, any user who has a technical issue, PLEASE contact us at <email> for the fastest resolution of your issue. Please include your account email (likely the same one as your KS account) and the HWID from the bottom of your device. @Balazs: We wanted to give you guys the chance to use your Monkeys so you would know for sure if you wanted to upgrade or not, but we still plan on offering an upgrade path in the coming weeks once you've had some time to play with the service! As I mentioned to Robin, I'm going to see if we can't get a feature-related update out sometime soon. However, we're definitely still working on the features we've mentioned in prior updates, especially DLNA/SMBA support! @Steven: As Marc mentioned, please contact us at <email> about this, and please include a receipt or proof of payment for how much you paid in duties charges, and we'll get it straightened out for you. @Marc: You're awesome, thank you for helping out around here and for all of the support! :) @Nick: We've been in touch regarding your support question, thank you for emailing us! We're waiting a couple of weeks for everyone to try their devices out and get a good feel for the service, but we do plan on making an upgrade offer available to the international folks. @Sam: We mentioned in a previous comment that we directed our shippers to bill any customs charges back to our account, but if that wasn't done please contact us directly at <email> along with the receipt or paperwork you got showing the bill for the customs charges and we'll figure out what happened. @Well, all! As you probably can see, we're shipping international device as quickly as we can manage. It's the great ship-off, everybody! I'm excited to hear that most of you are receiving them and enjoying them! However, if you have support requests, PLEASE email them to <email> Due to the volume of requests we are receiving due to this large shipment, we probably will not respond here very quickly, and typically we'll just tell you to email us there, anyway! Please make sure you either message us from the email account your Space Monkey is linked to or specify the proper email address for expediency. If you haven't been able to link your device with your account yet, then please specify the HWID (from the bottom of the device). This will help expedite your request so we can get you online faster! If you just have feedback you want to share with your fellow backers, then of course continue posting here. :) But once again, any support requests or reports of things not working properly, please send to <email> @Matthew: Answering your support@ request about this; to summarize what was said there, there's currently a very-alpha version of the Linux client. @Daniel: Your device is probably already on the way, but if you don't receive it within a business week, send us a message at <email> and I'll check into your shipment specifically for you. @Robert, Chu: Yay! :D We're really excited, too! We think you'll love them. :) @Thang, Three Axis: As you probably can see, the UK devices just got shipped out yesterday, and the rest of the European backers will be after that, and then the rest of the international devices soon after that. Fulfillment has begun for all countries, we're just doing them one at a time, but you should get shipping confirmation fairly soon! As far as shipping routes: shipping from the US ended up being the fastest way to get your devices to you, because they needed some minor repackaging that could only be done in our office, first. However, we have instructed UPS (our shipper) to bill any customs or duties charges back to our account. @Ayalon: Thank you for contacting us at support@, we'll handle your inquiry there! :) @Court: We'll be happy to help you with any refund/return inquiries at <email> @Jean-Marc: Similarly, if you are no longer happy with having backed us, you can also contact us at <email> and we can try to help you with any concerns or give you a refund if that's what you would prefer. @Matthew: The UK devices are coming soon, don't worry! :) The wait is nearly over! @Philippe: It is true that we're still completing the Canada/Mexico orders, but most should have been sent by now. I went ahead and checked into yours and got it on the list to be shipped asap, so you should get a tracking number within the next couple of business days confirming that it has shipped. Any Canada/Mexico backers who have not received a tracking number or a device, please feel free to contact us here via PM or email us at <email> and we'll check into your device's shipping status for you. @Johan: We're still on target to meet the timelines we've outlined in the last couple of updates. They'll be coming soon! We haven't finalized our plan regarding the actual path of shipment, but we'll have that worked out soon, as well. We're going to try to avoid import taxes for you guys if we can! @Marc, that's fantastic to hear! @Matteo, not much longer now. @Nathan, and really anyone who has asked for a refund in the last 30 days-ish: We have recently hit a stall with issuing refunds because the person who handles that issue has been out of the office. It was not simply being busy, and we never implied that; this person has come down with an extended and unavoidable illness, but is still working when able. Refund issues are much slower to be processed as a result, and we deeply apologize for that, but he is absolutely going to get to your refunds as soon as humanly possible, and we must ask for your patience until then. @Soeren: Oh, sorry! That was a miss-type on my part. They're going to begin shipping before mid-June, but I'm not sure if they'll be at your door by then; it depends on shipping times and how long it takes them to get through customs and such. @Terry: We responded to your similar email, but essentially, we're only taking immediate orders for domestic (US) shipments at this time. We have not and will not take orders from a country until we have completed fulfillment of the Kickstarter rewards for that country. @Chris: As the new update says, we're still on track to begin shipments in mid-June to UK/EU Kickstarter backers. @Matthew, we just posted a new update yesterday. We're still on track for the International delivery schedule discussed in update #16. @Marcus: If you're in Canada and haven't received your device, please contact us at <email> @CJ: Thanks for the review and kind words! We're happy you're having a good experience, and it's about to get better with a new speed boost we're currently rolling out. Regarding the auto-sleep suspension thing... sadly, we can't really control what the phone decides to allow us to upload once we're in the background. There's probably improvements to be made there, though, and we'll try to find them! Oops, *back from the original/still working disk to a new, replacement disk. :) @Matthew: Two-factor redundancy has its own failure cases, because if one drive fails you're now back to having a single drive with your files while you work to copy the data back to the original disk. This is why Space Monkey currently allows for 20 failures, as well as the failure of your original copy. And a local drive that you can reach from the internet is not cloud storage and does not provide the same flexibility as cloud storage. However, I am glad that you have found a solution that works for you, and wish you well with it in the future. As I said, we'll be here if you ever change your mind. @Antonio: We're sorry we couldn't meet your expectations, but we'll be here if you change your mind about not wanting a cloud storage solution. For our other European customers, we definitely regret the delays we've had but we are still on track to deliver in mid-June as our last update mentioned-- so we thank you for your patience, and the wait is almost over! @SECURIFI: Oh, sorry about that! Give it a try now; you may need to restart your browser or clear your browser history if the old version is cached, but it should download the correct file, now. @Nicolas: Our latest update goes into what's going on with international deliveries and such: <url>"That puts us at a target of around mid-June to fulfill United Kingdom and European Kickstarter orders. Other countries outside of Europe should start to see units soon thereafter." @Johan: We're working on some cool things that we want to get finished for update number 17, but for now regarding international shipping, we're still on target for mid-June! @Diane: It's still going out, slowly but surely! If you haven't received a shipping notification already, then you should get one in the coming days. @Matthew: We're still on target for what our update said! @Y. Chung: We got it, and we had been looking into it, I was just bad about letting you know our progress, sorry about that! We're still looking, your case is puzzling! @Peppe: Thank you, and to you! @Dave: Nothing new since update #16; we're still expecting EU/UK shipping to begin by mid-June. @Peppe: Thank you for contacting us via support@ about your refund request. @Francis/Omri: The latest update: <url>"Delivery of units to international customers depends on regulatory approvals, and may be delayed past the estimated dates listed in the Rewards section." I know that is little consolation, and we're working hard on getting units to you. We *do* value our International backers highly, and we *do* have a plan to make this right by you. If there were any way for us to have put units in your hands already, you'd have them right now. I know you must be tired of us thanking you for your patience, but that's all we can do right now. We are exploring several options for getting your rewards to you, but can't commit to any of them until we gather a bit more information. Even though we haven't shipped units outside of North America yet, some users have snuck them out themselves. There are currently Space Monkeys running on 5 of the 7 continents, and they appear to be working well, so hopefully that boosts your confidence that yours will work when it arrives. Hey guys! So, we do have a bit of new information to share: We've started shipping to Canada! And Mexico should be soon to follow. We're still gathering information so we can give an update regarding the other international waves, but we're making progress! Hello all International Backers! We have not forgotten you. In fact, there's not a day that goes by at Space Monkey HQ where you aren't discussed. We are acutely aware that we are late getting units to you, and are extremely grateful for your patience in delivering. Unfortunately, it's going to be at least until next week before we have solid plans to share -- we've been waiting on some news from some of our internal partners regarding dates in order to accurately project how this will impact you. As always, we stand behind our campaign and will refund if you are tired of waiting. We do plan on making this right by those who stick with us, making this wait worth your while. More news on that will be coming soon too. Again, sorry for the lack of news. One of the reasons we've not sent out the next update yet is because we are awaiting clarity of schedule. We know this is frustrating. It's frustrating for us too. But you are not forgotten, and we love having you on board. Hopefully the chance for you to get the product Internationally long before others in your countries will be able -- and at a steep discount -- will partly make up for the frustration. @Dave: We don't monitor the forums overly well (it's a community forum basically, so we're in and out) but we did get your email and have been looking into it, the engineer doing so just never touched base to let you know that was happening, sorry about that! @Johan: We don't have a delivery date yet, or more than I've said below that I know of that's ready for public release. But, I'll touch base with the people who communicate with the factory and see if there's anything new to be known and see if we can't update you international folks about it. @All Users: Kickstarter is currently malfunctioning and not allowing us to respond to PM's, though I can apparently still respond here. I'm unsure if this is a temporary glitch or what's going on, but if you want a response from us, please email <email> and DO NOT PM us here on KS. @Dmitry: There will definitely be another upgrade option for international folks when they receive their device. @Balazs: Oh! I wasn't the one who typed that post up, so I didn't realize that the report being finished was mentioned. It is the latest update, though. We're not delaying production intentionally, but producing units in a busy factory in China takes more than a phone call. :) I know we have reserved various times for production runs with the factory, and I know there's one coming up, I just don't know the exact date. @Greg: For a US 2TB unit? They're coming soon! In fact, I think we might be starting the shipment of those today... @Rosely: Glad we could make you happy, and thanks! @Axel: I'm so sorry, I didn't get any of those! Did you ever email <email>? That's by far the best monitored of our various communication sources. If we didn't get it from there, then I apologize, the support ticketing service must have hiccuped and skipped yours. :( I just put your unit in for shipment with the warehouse though, so you should get an email in the next couple of business days with a new tracking number. I'm sorry for the confusion! We're going to single-handedly keep USPS afloat. Mail all the things! :) @International folks: We don't have a ton of new information for you guys, but I will say-- the CE testing is done, yay! We got the report back, which means we can now officially produce CE-stamped units that won't get rejected at the European border (or wherever else CE-stamps are accepted). Manufacturing of the CE-stamped units should begin fairly soon. @Rosely, check has been put in the mail -- sorry for the delay! @Felipe: Contact us at <email> for any refund questions. Hi Niko, letting users delete their keys from their central account is technically pretty easy to implement, but making sure users understand the consequences of pressing that button involves messaging in several places across the software stack, including all clients, so its one of those coordinated changes that we just have to plan for carefully. Hopefully soon! All, warranty agreement has been finalized. Device will come with at least 1 year of protection. @Balazs, don't worry! We'll give you a great deal. But we also want to be fair to those international backers who have already upgraded, without even trying the service out yet. @CJ, sorry its going so slow for you. Performance improvement is one of our top priorities at the moment. Keep in mind, however, that most cloud services range from speeds of 250kbps up to 1mbps, so transferring 232.6GB to a traditional service could take you several months. *Still*, we have lots of room for improvement here, and are targeting a couple of days - max - for a transfer of that size. @Niko, please keep in mind that unless you can audit a company's datacenter code, claims of zero-knowledge can't be confirmed; even if you assume that their system is zero-knowledge today with no security holes or flaws, it doesn't mean that in the future some nefarious entity can't compel them to build in backdoors to the software you install on your own computer. We continue to believe the Space Monkey model is better in this regard; the datacenter is in your house. We will provide customer-controlled key management soon. @George, you should have received an email today with details about upgrade offer for International backers. @Y.Chung: It's coming, don't worry! @Rosely: Sorry, we're a little slower on processing things due to the holidays; I see that it was received by the shipping facility, so we'll be processing a refund for you soon. @Mirana: You can use the web client (<url>"Complete Cloud storage subscription service" 2) the Kickstarter FAQ (<url>"Q: What if i cancel my susbscription? A: We'll give you a pro-rated refund on your subscription once the device is sent back." 3) the reward levels themselves, in particular, the $349 level which is the only one that included device ownership, "Purchase the Space Monkey device +3years of the subscription (for yours to keep)." 4) numerous discussions in this forum and in the update post forums, e.g., back on Aug 12 we posted "BTW, we're still considering an upfront purchase model without monthly subscription (as well as a way for backers to convert to such a plan)," on Apr 30, "the purchase-outright option comes with a 3-yr subscription, after which you would need to renew," and answers to users asking questions like "I am still unaware of what are the advantages of continually paying a subscription and never owning the device versus paying for it initially." We're very sorry if you purchased a subscription thinking it was something else, and will be glad to work individually with you to try to make this right (please email support@). But we all should also remember that Kickstarter is a crowdfunding platform. As a backer, you are investing in an idea, a partner in helping that idea come to life. As a backer, you get early input into the project, and early access to a reward associated with the project. That input has been incredibly valuable to us -- it's one of the CORE REASONS we have moved to an upfront purchase model going forward. We wanted to include you in this change if it was appealing to you. If it is not appealing to you, we're happy to keep you on your current plan. @Mirana and @Hector, great points. Good catch on the 18-vs.-19 months -- we will honor the extra free month all KS backers get. We agree that ideally users should have a chance to try it before committing to the upgrade. The clock on service doesn't start until you have plugged in your device, or had it in your possession for at least 30 days. I think you'll both be happy with our warranty when we unveil it. @Jason C, yes -- we have that ready to go minus the backend plan changes and landing pages. 2TB tier, $209 tier, and $349 (which already own the device) tier will be getting unique offers over the next week or so. @Sylvain, we're in the process of sweetening the upgrade offering, I think you'll be happier with what we're doing. We're also almost through the process with Counsel on terms and warranty, and think you'll be happy with what will be there -- thanks for your patience as we firm all this up! @Scott, we'll be sorry to see you go, but are happy to process a refund due to the misunderstanding. Please email us directly at <email> for handling. REGARDING UPGRADES TO OWNERSHIP Thanks for the candid feedback everyone: the upgrade path is optional. If you prefer the lease model, you are free to stick with it -- nothing has changed on the original rewards you selected *unless* you choose to change. Regarding the concern that the upgrade path doesn't provide enough incentive to switch for certain tiers of reward levels: We hear you. We are working on fixing this for everyone. You will receive emails shortly. REGARDING QUESTIONS ABOUT SUBSCRIPTION VS UPFRONT PURCHASE @Scott and others with questions about subscription vs. ownership: We believed we were being very clear on the original subscription model: device comes with your subscription, and as long as your subscription remains current, the device stays with you. For example, see the Kickstarter FAQ under "What happens if I cancel my subscription?", or note that we added an option to purchase the device upfront part way through the campaign (the $349 level, update #1 discussed this). There were many questions about the subscription model early on in the campaign in this exact forum, and if you scroll back you'll see our responses have been consistent. *However*, if you did not understand the subscription nature of the offering when you backed, that is on us -- it is ultimately our responsibility to make sure this is super clear. If you would like to discuss individually in further detail, we're happy to do that either via Kickstarter messaging or <email> @Moosa, @Giulherme, @Hector, thanks for the input on this, great things for us to consider. We will be getting you more details on warranty as soon as we have all the pieces pinned down -- waiting on some work legwork from legal and our suppliers on how component manufacturer warranties affect things. @Cyril: I answered you via email, but as a summary for anyone else with the same question: the Kickstarter pricing plan was a lease model, not a purchase model. Thus, your "ownership" of the device ended when the subscription did, via the Kickstarter model. @Moosa: That's a good point and one we'll think over. If it breaks and is in the warranty period, we will fix it. Otherwise, you cannot repair it yourself; you will need to either purchase a new device or (something we're currently thinking about) ship it back for repair, or something along those lines. An extended warranty is a good idea! I'll suggest that up-stream. @Hector: As I mentioned, whether we offer some kind of "refurbishment" process (whether that be by sending it back or at a user's home) or not is something that we're considering and we'll give details on when we've worked it out! :) Hey guys, you've made some valid points re: the warranty (especially regarding for international usage, I'm sure the lawyers would love to read up on those cases), and I've forwarded your thoughts on to the person who talks to the lawyers and we'll see what comes from that. Regarding replacing your own hard drive, @Soeren is right in that there is software pre-loaded on the drive and restrictions coming from that. It could be the case that you had a hard drive failure and a perfectly functioning Monkey otherwise, or vice versa, which is where the thought of sending it in for refurbishment came in. But, once again, that's something we haven't explored well, yet, because it wasn't an issue under the lease model. @Soeren: Correct; with lease, we replace if the device dies. And actually, if the hard drive dies, you have to get a whole new Monkey; we do not enable users to replace their own hardware. However, there could potentially end up being an option to ship the Monkey back and get us to "refurbish" it for you for less cost, but this isn't an option we've explored much, yet. Essentially, you break "even" if your Monkey lasts a little more than two years. ($199 + $49 = $248, vs $120 + $120 = $240). If your hard drive lasts three years as you mentioned is your typical average, then you definitely start saving money. Essentially, we're making it so the people whose drives live for greater than two years no longer subsidize the people whose drives last for less than two years, and that's where you see the savings. We still need final clearance from the lawyers for the device's warranty period, but it's looking to be around 90 days. Power consumption's official answer: About 7-8 Watts. @ Folks asking about power consumption: I've got a question in to the hardware guy, but the answer is, "not much." We got low power consumption hardware for everything, so it doesn't take much. I'll give you a more exact answer when he gets back to me! For unbias reviews, you will have to wait until your fellow users provide those. I think any reviews from us are biased by definition! :) @ Guilherme: In theory, you will be able to flash it back to being a standard external drive. In fact, under that circumstance you will be able to use the entire 2TB! That functionality is not currently enabled, but is something we're starting to look into with the new purchase option becoming a thing! @ Hector: Starting to ship! It's definitely going to be finished by end of year (as will wave E and whatever US backers are in wave F). @Hector: Done! "The HDD never spins down, because we don't want to be parking the heads and starting/stopping the motor all the time. Those are the things that wear hard drives out. Turning the HDD on and off all the time would wear it out quicker than having it on all the time. And our power supply and filtering is good stuff, so no worries there." Evidently, most NAS devices never spin down, either. Alright everyone, first things first, if you ever have a specific support request regarding your device, the best thing to do is first go to support.spacemonkey.com and see if anything there helps, and then e-mail us directly at <email> . Support@ is monitored the best out of all of our communication avenues, so you'll get the fastest response there. Onwards! @Y.Chung: Awesome! You're very welcome, we hope you love it! @Daniel: The last update regarding international orders was this one: "CE testing has wrapped up. Reporting and documentation requirements are still being finalized, but it looks like we will soon be ready to start manufacturing units for international backers. We'll let you know if we hit any snags on the way to international fulfillment, and will update with firmer schedule details as soon as possible." We have nothing further to add right now, but we'll definitely let you and all of our international customers know as soon as we do! @CJ: I love wall of texts (And that's no sarcasm!), the more feedback, the better! I'm making notes of various things that you found that were bugs and/or feature requests to pass on to the team, but glad that you seem overall happy! I'll address questions in-line here, though. -There is currently no way to add privacy settings and such, but we're currently working on shared/"team" folders which should have read-only and read-write sharing (if not right away, then definitely soon after implementation). This way you can have a family photo folder, share it as read-only with everybody, and you're off to the races. (Though I think there will be limits on how many people one folder can be shared with-- we'd love for user input on what those limits should be!) - There's currently no way to rename, but I don't think you'll need to. If your family gets SM devices, they couldn't be logged into the client at the same time as you, so you will only ever have one device "connected" to any given user account at any given time. - @Justin answered the question about the lights perfectly, thanks! - The USB port is for Space Monkey-official-internal diagnostics only. - Power consumption was a very big factor for us when designing the hardware, so we're glad you appreciate it! - Make sure you wait until it's fully synced to the network before "pulling the pug"! You can view the progress (essentially, be notified of completion) by going to alpha.spacemonkey.com and looking for the icon in the lower-right corner below your file system listing. It'll either be a rotating orange icon that shows progress, or a green checkmark to show completion. - Mobile clients operate over the internet, yes. This includes the web client. - If you look at the "speaking Space Monkey" guide, you'll also notice that the blue rocketship icons actually mean that it's backed up to your local device. The "initial transfer" most people experience is really just it copying into a local cache. We're going to make a support site that explains this better and says everything that happens. The only way to check about network/"cloud" status is that icon I mentioned earlier on alpha.spacemonkey.com - The way we spread the wealth is basically by randomly choosing 40 best buddies for your data and sending it that way. Getting into it more than that is probably proprietary, but suffice to say we've got methods. :) - I assume with this filename prefix thing, you mean... automatic photo uploads via mobile? Whoo! I think I got all of it! :) Thanks for all of this, I'm sure it'll help other users, too! @Cryil: I answered more fully via PM when you messaged me, but suffice to say "no"; currently you cannot attach two devices to one account. This is something we expect to have enabled fairly soon, but even when it is enabled, it will just add to the existing storage for your account and will likely not even be treated like a separate "Monkey" by your clients and accounts at all. @Justin: Currently, everything you see from your desktop client pertains to the sync'ing between your computer and the device (other than bandwidth settings). The spark thing is not standard at all, but the devices have been through all of the safety testing and such necessary to be sold in the US. Definitely let us know if that sparking thing persists or get worse (though don't unplug your device until your data has transferred!). As I mentioned, a lot of your files aren't "sync'd" to the device, yet. They aren't on the device unless and until they have the blue rocketship icon. You can go up and read some of the stuff I said to CJ in regards to the initial transfer just being to cache; this is a confusion for a lot of users and definitely something we need to explain the steps of in a support document. @Y. Chung: Hey! We've sent an inquiry into the shipping fulfillment company about it, as they sent us an invalid tracking number so we can't look into it, ourselves. We're waiting to pester them further because of the holiday, but we'll let you know as soon as we hear back! @Raam: Thank you! We're glad you like it. :) @Sylvain: I'm not the country guy, so I'm not 100% sure, but I know he said there were some other things. @Sylain: We're definitely working on it! But F is an international wave, so your shipment isn't dependent on the US waves' shipping speeds at all, but rather our international certification's progress assuming your country accepts CE certification. But, that's also proceeding nicely! @CJ: Sorry! It's the only way to be sure it's getting to the right place, especially around the holidays when porch-theft becomes more common. @Justin: Mentioned from support@, but done! :) @Jacob: Thank you! We wanted our users to feel like they were getting something special, and we're glad you enjoyed it! I think you'll enjoy the service just as much. @Nathan: Glad you got it sorted out! If you have other tech-support related questions, you may want to e-mail <email> since we're more active about monitoring that. @Wayne/Nathan: Nathan is exactly right; 2TB is the entire drive capacity. @Cyril: Awesome! :) We're excited for you to get to use it! @Brian: I went ahead and added you to our Linux alpha testing request list. So, as soon as we have something we can share with everybody, we'll shoot you an e-mail! @Rodrigo: Yes; sadly, we're lagging behind on sending an update to the 2TB backers, as you can probably see from prior updates, below. The 2TB drives are on a separate manufacturing schedule than the 1TB drives, so we need to send a separate update and will hopefully do so soon. @Brian: While one of our long term goals is to offer audibility of our clients and the ability to have users directly inspect what is happening with their files, we are not currently in a position to offer source tarballs, and will probably just be shipping binaries for the near-term foreseeable future. Additionally, while our current client does not need to run as root, it does need access and permissions for /dev/fuse on Linux systems which is not always standard. Supporting a different client architecture for bulk import is under consideration but not scheduled. @Hector: Our first and second days were actually very busy ones; someone could have backed two hours later than someone else and they'd be hundreds of backers behind in the schedule. I'm not sure whether your survey response time had any impact on your backer number, but it doesn't seem like it since there are a lot of people behind you that answered their surveys before you did. Not sure if that helps or not! That's right, folks! We're starting wave C roll out! I know we're sure excited to finally get these Monkeys into everybody's hands! @Denny: Believe me, I'm definitely working on it. The folks who have final clearance on bigger stuff that gets sent out officially are currently out of the office, but I'll work on making sure it's high on their checklist for when they get back! @Brian: Yes, we are definitely planning on doing something like this. In fact, this is how we plan to support SMB and DLNA when we finally get to those features. They will be backed by a CLI daemon running on the node, and I suppose there's no harm in letting people run the daemon themselves. No current estimate for when this will arrive yet, though. @Justin: We have to work out the details on that, so nothing official yet, but we'll be sending out an e-mail if/when we figure those details out! I know, guys. A lot of promised e-mails. They are coming, though! Half of the e-mails are actually written, our head decision makers are just out making other awesome things happen for Space Monkey, right now. :) @Nick: Whoops, posted before finishing! Laptop keyboards. :) Anyway, we're completing the final testing this month. This update: <url>~90GB on there. @Nick: We're completing the final testing @Nathan: Ahhh, data caps. Well then, definitely using your office would be the best plan for you, and it shouldn't cause any problems. @Thomas, William: I absolutely agree, and I've been pushing to get something out to you 2TB guys. I will push harder as soon as I'm back in the office on Monday! :) @Nathan: That shouldn't cause any problems at all. Though, what CJ suggests is also a perfectly valid option and one I suspect a lot of users may find works for them. :) @Ary: Since you're a 2TB customer, you're in the 2TB wave! You should've received an e-mail about your assignment to whatever address Kickstarter provided to us. The 2TB devices are on a different production schedule, so they will be shipped separately from the 1TB devices. @Peppe, we definitely still view local protocol support as super important and are chomping at the bit to finish it up ourselves, but support will likely not appear until early next year. We'll send out a roadmap update again soon. Thanks! @Nick: We're trying to do better, so thank you for the encouragement! It's glad to know that it's making life easier for you guys. We cannot condone shipment of US devices outside of the country, as they are not certified for any other country's customs requirements. However, we can change folks into US waves if they would like to change their devices into gifts for a US customer, and if that customer then decides to take their device with them when they visit overseas (with every intent to return it to the US, of course), it should work just about anywhere they take it if they swap in the right power cable. :) @CJ: Thank you! Doing something great for our users is part of what inspires us to work hard every day, so we really love the encouraging words! You're right when you say the waves are our current priority, but we're thinking of what we want to do regarding what types of subscriptions to make available, or maybe even outright purchase... we're not sure yet, but we're trying to come up with something we think will continue to give everyone a great value in cloud storage! @Jacklyn: Thank you for contacting us via support@; I've responded to your inquiry, there. :) @Soeren: Our pleasure! We definitely want to make sure you get it, so please do! Fingers crossed that the mail man didn't drop it in the ocean on the way across or something. @Ferit: You are part of wave E! You should've gotten a wave assignment e-mail a couple of weeks ago, to whatever e-mail you used to sign up on Kickstarter. @Soeren: Yours was mailed on the October 9th. I'm not sure how long things typically take to ship from the US, for you; does a month sound like it's taking too long? @Susan: You should have received a wave e-mail; it was sent to the address from your kickstarter account. However, you are wave C, which is the first non-Utah wave. @Kevin: We actually already have an internal map! I'll have to see if we can't make it publicly accessible, somewhere. @Justin: Not really, no. Dropbox and such do quick scans of your files before you upload, but they can just route it through "the cloud." However, in order to do something similar with Space Monkey, we would have to either eat up some of the space on your device with anti-viral software, or we would have to send your unencrypted files somewhere for scanning. Neither is ideal. So, your Space Monkey relies on you for the anti-virus. (Though, it should be noted that because the files are encrypted and broken up, a "sick" Space Monkey cannot spread their virus throughout the network.) @Haitham: We don't have any dates for any of the waves, yet, beyond that we will be shipping wave C in December at the earliest. Once again, we don't expect extended delays between waves, but we don't have more concrete dates for any of the waves at this time. @Haitham: We have not, yet. Did you receive your wave e-mail? Wave C won't be shipping until December, at the earliest. So, subsequent waves will not be shipping until some time after that (though, for clarity, we aren't expecting there to be six month delays between waves or anything crazy like that). @Hector: You filled out your survey after the deadline, and thus after we did our data import for our accounts system. So, I've added your address into the accounts and you should be getting a wave assignment e-mail sometime soon! Sorry for any inconvenience, and let me know at <email> if you don't get it in a week or two or if you have any other questions. @Nick: We were already kicking around the idea of having a little tracker to trace where the ship the devices were on was, etcetc, and we'll look into that in the future. However, right now we don't really have a better answer than "we'll start shipping wave C by December at the earliest." For Wave H folks, and other international backers, we have an even foggier plan because it all depends on how long it takes us to meet your country's custom requirements. We would literally be picking a date from the air for our international backers without having more solid information, and that wouldn't be fair or useful to you guys. The good news is, we'll have an update e-mail for the international backers by the end of the month that will hopefully give you guys a little more of the information we've gathered. However, with all of that said, perhaps we'll get something like that together once we can give rough dates. For now, just know "after December," but once December rolls around maybe we'll be able to put some kind of guesstimate calendar together for everybody. I'll pitch the idea to the team. @Elias: We're currently running testing towards completing some of our international requirements, and we're hoping to have more concrete information with which to update our international buyers by the end of the month. Hey guys; wave J has not begun shipping, so it has definitely not finished shipping. :) We won't begin shipping waves C and beyond until the beginning of December at the earliest. (And Wave J, being an international wave, will be dependent on how long it takes us to meet the customs requirements of your particular country.) @Mia: Oh, sorry about any confusion! That link expires upon a change of password, so you will need to manually log in at <url>"C:\Documents and Settings\username\My Documents" would become "My Documents" in the root of the Space Monkey file tree. But which "My Documents" is that? Where did it come from? Would most users be able to remember? Of course there are a number of ways you can imagine to fix this problem, but almost all of them are worse than just simplifying the experience. Which brings us to: - Multi-folder-sync is a potential usability disaster when dealing with multiple computers. Suppose you have a "My Documents" folder on your laptop, your desktop, and your work computer. Which one is which if I select all of them for sync in Space Monkey? Should they be merged (with all the associated pitfalls and confusions that merging will introduce)? Should they be named after the computer of origin? What about if I also have a Mac, which uses a "Documents" folder. And maybe an Ubuntu laptop which also has a "Documents", but one that is likely quite different than that on Windows or OSX? Other? If you usertest each of these potential solutions, you find quickly that they add an incredible amount of cognitive weight for users to deal with. Not only do people struggle to understand it in the first place, but they have to apply that mental energy every time they use the product. File sync products have been around for decades now. Most of them have been disasters, both from a usability perspective, and from a market success perspective. The single-folder model is relatively recent. Those products that have enjoyed the greatest success employ the single-folder model. Those that have chosen the multi-folder model have generally faltered or been forgotten. This isn't to say that there aren't benefits to the multi-folder approach; there are. Multi-folder sync might make sense to people using a product like Space Monkey from a single computer, or if they wanted to use it solely as a backup system. We don't believe that is the majority of users. And, if users really want to use Space Monkey just to backup a bunch of folders in various places on their filesystem, they are welcome to point third party backup software (like Time Machine) to Space Monkey (more support for this scenario is coming). It's not impossible to think that someone could come up with a solution that makes multi-folder sync work in face of the above challenges; we just haven't seen anyone successfully crack that nut yet. We have consciously chosen to prefer simplicity over complexity whenever it makes sense to do so. At the end of the day, people don't want to use a product like Space Monkey so that they can geek out on file management. They want to use it to solve a pain that they are feeling. We believe the single-folder approach solves those pains best. But that's not to say that the matter is settled. We continue to rely heavily on user testing to help us figure out the path forward. Regarding command line support, yes you can script up actions to move files in and out of Space Monkey. This doesn't require specific support -- Space Monkey integrates with your host filesystem, so moving and copying uses the commands already present on your system. @Aron: Thank you! :) We're trying our best to be better about communication, and I'm glad to hear we're succeeding! And I'll make sure we send out updates on the CE testing and what our international customers can expect as soon as we know anything for sure about those tests, which should be by the end of this month. @Nick Martin: I responded to your initial identical comment on the most recent update, so I'll go ahead and copy my response here in case you didn't get the change to see it. I'm sorry that you are displeased and feel as though we haven't been clear. We've been trying, and I think we are succeeding, in being more transparent and in answering everyone's questions with as much truthful information as we feel we can provide without being misleading. We were originally focusing on the US market, and we did pre-qualify for the European market, so now we just need to finish the formal testing for the European and other markets. You don't need to worry about stock, though; we're going to do our best to be absolutely certain we didn't miss anything (the reason it's taking so long!) and if, in the unlikely circumstance that we do and something gets confiscated, we are confident we can get more units produced in a timely manner. In the end, we're expecting our customers to be so blown away by the end of their twelve month subscription that canceling will be out of the question. The shipping delays are something we regret, but we are working hard on the software in the mean time so that our customers get an even cooler product when it does arrive. We're holding off on complete clarity with stages in certifications at this juncture because we want to be sure of what we're dealing with and get through a few important tests, first. We would hate to give our customers information and then have to pull that information back as false because we released it prematurely, which is why we're asking for your patience and understanding until we can update you with more information later this month. @Guilherme: Please send an email to support@ with more details so we can look into doing that for you! @Y. Chung: Lima is a hard drive you plug in that then serves as the collective memory for all of your devices. Space Monkey is a hard drive you plug in that not only can do that, but also backs that data up on the network and (once fully synched to said network) allows you to access and retrieve that data, even if the Space Monkey device is offline or broken. That's simplifying things a whole lot on both sides, I'm sure, but that's one of the major differences. @Soeren and anyone else with wave questions: Currently, we are up to Wave J. I know, that's a lot of waves! But, if you're part of the latter letters (H, I, J...) then I have good news and bad news. The bad news is, you have a late letter; a much later letter than you would probably expect by when you invested. We're sorry for the sticker shock, but the reason is, you're international, and there are a lot of complications in fulfilling your order. Every country has its own requirements, its own power supply, and its own hoops to jump through to get past customs. Your late letter reflects our uncertainty in how long it will take to complete the requirements for international shipping. The good news is, if our international processing goes as quickly and as smoothly as we hope it will, we aren't going to stick too closely to wave order when we send you your devices. This means that a Wave H person could ship much earlier, potentially with Wave F or so... but it also means we could end up having to push you past Wave J if things go too poorly with your country's requirements. We will try to keep you all informed on how things are going with certifications. @Cyril: We're very sorry that we haven't been able to keep to the date advertised with your initial Kickstarter backing. I hope you got the update we sent most recently (not the wave e-mail, the one the day before) about the varuiys difficulties we've run through in manufacturing the devices and getting them out of China... and even in shipping parts from China to China! (For you international folks, we're having to go through all kinds of certifications just to ship our devices back to customers in China! They could drive to the factory where the devices were built!) This, of course, means that we're unable to get your device to your door, and we're deeply sorry that we've disappointed you. All we can do is what we've been doing, which is try to make our device as fantastic as we can, and ship it to you as soon as we're able. And, when you get it, you'll be able to brag to everyone you know about how you have the coolest new tech product there is-- which is part of the beauty of backing us on Kickstarter! Thanks @romain and @Gary! @Stephen, you will be receiving an email soon with information about updating/confirming your shipping address. We will also be revealing more detailed information about shipping schedule. @maurizio, send an email to support@ for refund questions. @Aron, yes, multiple devices are supported -- you will be able to upload and access all files on Space Monkey from any supported device (currently Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and anything that can run recent web apps). @Guilherme, some tshirts have already gone out, but we are in process of completing all tshirt orders Regarding CE, more details soon, but rest assured we are pursuing all necessary regulatory certifications. @Y. Chung, yes, you can set autoupload on your phone for photos and videos, and can upload any other file directly from android/ios. Hi all, another KS update will be sent out soon. We are still organizing details of schedule for delivery. Thanks for your patience! Latest update went out today, all. Another with more details about delivery schedule is in the works. @Corey, yes, we will provide a place for you to update/verify your shipping address prior to fulfilling rewards. We'll be sending another update soon with additional details and schedule updates, but the last schedule update said that we'd begin delivering to Kickstarter backers by the end of August (which we *are* doing -- a small number have already received units), with the rest of the units being shipped by the end of September. This is still the case -- schedule still has these units coming off the manufacturing lines in the next couple of weeks. As stated from day #1 on our Kickstarter page, "Delivery of units to international customers depends on regulatory approvals, and may be delayed past the estimated dates listed in the Rewards section." This is still unfortunately the case. We are running as fast as we can through this process to be able to deliver units Internationally (we're as eager as anyone to get units out!), but much of the determination for dates is outside of our direct control. If there are further delays due to quality issues or other reasons, we will communicate those as soon as we know of them. Thanks everyone for backing, and especially, THANK YOU for the continuing excitement about the product and its delivery. We understand how eager you are to get it, because we feel the same eagerness in getting it to you! Hi everybody! We're still on track to begin delivering en masse by the end of September / beginning of October. This will happen in waves, with earliest backers receiving their units first. International deliveries will happen after domestic orders are filled and export/regulatory hurdles are crossed. We'll keep you posted using the Kickstarter Updates feature. @Lincoln: We do not currently have direct integration with Chromecast, but we ran a little test, and it is possible to stream videos from the web client via the Chrome browser's "casting" app. So, as long as you view the files in Chrome, you should be able to watch them on your Chromecast from Space Monkey. @Eugene email <email>. BTW, we're still considering an upfront purchase model without monthly subscription (as well as a way for backers to convert to such a plan). @Bret, we've held off on the tshirts until we could get sizes from all who ordered -- there are still some stragglers who haven't responded. We have set a deadline of 1 week for a final attempt to collect that info to get them printed and sent out. @Hunter, please see <url>#6 and #7 for updates on schedule and progress (another coming soon!) <url>"undo" feature. @Moosa, please send us a direct message via Kickstarter and we'll figure out how to take care of you. Hey all, don't worry, surveys are coming. Sorry for jumping the gun a bit on when we'd send them out. We're waiting on finishing touches to deploy an accounts system where you can update your shipping info prior to delivery later this summer -- Kickstarter only lets us send out a survey once, so we want to make sure we get it right and have everything in place prior to collecting your info. @Jordan, surveys have not gone out yet. note: you can now pre-order Space Monkey devices at <url>"device comes with service" model is best for most users. Having said that, we may find that there is a point at which it doesn't make sense for the company -- from a pure logistics standpoint -- to pay to ship an old device back when a user cancels. We haven't determined what that point is yet (3 years? 5 years?), but will discover how to optimize that with our early customers. Thanks @Tobias, your answers are right on. @Nikul, we do plan to support Time Machine (works already, but we need to test more). On replacement charges: we'd definitely like to make at least the first replacement on the house, but there may be a shipping charge. We haven't solidified our policy yet. @Corey, the web/mobile clients as they exist today provide only simple download of files for access. However, from very early on we've designed the system to provide streaming access via web, and the engineers have already internally demoed streaming of both video and audio files live via web. We hope this can be delivered in v1, but if not, soon thereafter. Automatic transcoding of media files to formats that can be streamed is also on the roadmap. @Travis, yes, we will be doing regular penetration testing and outside security audits. @Aron, @Matthew, others re: customs, we're looking into ways to reduce that official cost to as little as possible, $120 or less. We are also considering shipping these out of a fulfillment center in Europe itself, in which case (as we understand right now), the company would bear the burden of duties/customs prior to delivery. Sorry for not having more clarity on this yet, we will continue to update as we learn more. Here are a few possible KickStarter t-shirt designs: <url>"share your credentials" answer was in response to how to share a single Space Monkey device among multiple trusted users while waiting for multi-user support to be supported, not for sharing individual folders/files with other users. @Martin, the locations of the pieces are stored in a distributed key-value store which lives on the Space Monkey devices. Sensitive data stored in this key-value store is encrypted, so the only way to get valid data from any level of the system is by possessing the appropriate encryption keys. The web/mobile system does require a copy of the user keys in order to function. We are planning on giving users control over granting the web/mobile api access to these keys. @Martin Goldammer, web app works on all mobile platforms today (including access, upload, move, rename, etc). Native app for Android is maturing quickly, iOS will release next, and after that we'll consider Windows Phone. @Jason C, that's a feature that is on the roadmap and we've devoted a lot of thought about how to deliver without complicating the experience, but it won't be included in v1. For the time being, sharing account credentials among multiple users will allow the space to be shared. @Markus Comperini, internal drive model may change over time, and may even vary from device to device, but the current run of devices are using green, power-saving drives designed for always-on applications such as DVR/PVRs and video surveillance. We chose these because they run very quietly and cooly, and can withstand a lot of wear, while also delivering more than sufficient throughput for the Space Monkey architecture. @Sylvain, we're not ready to give up on the 5000 goal yet, still some things in line that might get us there (and we're only half-way through the campaign). But we'll definitely keep our eye on things and revisit later. @Mike C, as you know, it's not uncommon for Kickstarter campaigns to start off with a bang and then calm into a steady roll (look at the kicktraq for the other project you backed, for example). We're super excited about the response we're still getting, and pumped to deliver this to people. We haven't slowed down on answering questions, and we certainly haven't slowed down internally on finishing up things that need to be done prior to delivery! @Brian C. Stanford, Space Monkey generates conflict files in a manner similar to what you experience with DropBox. @Peter Legierski, some of our alpha users are already using the Linux client. It is missing UI elements like integration with file browser emblems/overlays and a taskbar status app, but much of the client software stack was actually developed on Linux first. Current plan is to make it available to customers on an un- or semi-supported basis initially, until we can make it mature enough for full support. Hi @Calvin Moon, Space Monkey's goal is to make it very easy to share pictures and videos with your family. The interface does work much like Dropbox, but *does not* require a full sync of all data to your client -- as you realize, that simply doesn't work when we're talking about 100s of GB or 1TB of data. Instead, files exist in the Space Monkey network and a virtual filesystem layer provides you access to them from anywhere, without the files necessarily needing to be synced to your laptop's SSD. @Thomas Nguyen, 1TB. Sorry, that was left out of the description and we can't edit the reward-level description after it's gone live. We did add it to the FAQ, however. @George Young, while file reads can happen from the network while your device is offline, currently writes only flush to the network via your device. So writes that clients do while the device is offline get queued up at the source until it comes back online (this is both to align user incentives with system incentives in keeping the devices online, as well as to initially simplify the implementation). A "portable client" is an interesting idea, though it presents some serious challenges, including that each desktop client aggressively caches data to improve performance. However, the web interface does currently support easy multiple file upload via simple drag and drop or multi-select. Hi @Connor B, We've designed the system to be massively resilient to the scenario you describe, keeping your data safe even in the face of many simultaneous failures. The redundancy we talk about uses a technique called erasure coding. It is much more efficient than simply replicating data. As an example, a file may be split up into 20 pieces, and another 20 pieces of parity generated from the original 20, giving us 40 pieces total. Each of these can be stored to a distinct location such that we could lose any *half* of those locations without losing any of the original data. Hi @Philip-Arther Campbell 1 & 2) currently each account will always talk to its home node first for writes. This may change in the future. 3) yes, this will be supported sometime after launch 4) sharing an account is okay 5) super spacey @Eugene, the device is in charge of energy management of the disk, and does have spin-down capability. It isn't likely it will spend much time in spun-down state, however, since each device is actively participating in the network much of the time. For info on energy usage, see the FAQ @Niko, there will be an upgrade path for more space later, and at a minimum, yes, you'll get a second device (we have some alternate upgrade paths that may not require a new device, but we are still evaluating their feasibility). It will be at the same rate as the first TB. @Markus, the purchase-outright option comes with a 3-yr subscription, after which you would need to renew. At this point, seems likely that in 3 years, $10/month would get you either more space, or the monthly for 1TB would be cheaper. @Markus, yes, the device comes with extra capacity, but you only get to use 1TB of the space. The rest is devoted to the network. @Argon, we've already sunk millions into product development, and we will sink millions more into support, fulfillment, operations, continuing development, etc to keep the service running. We've modeled this out with a certain expected average lifetime of devices and tried our best to model the business so that it is a) a great deal for consumers (feel free to comparison shop for 1TB of online storage) and b) viable long-term as a business (if the business' financial model didn't work, it would be an even worse deal for it's customers, right?). @Niko, it is unlikely you would be able to read data off of the drive if you take it out and attach it to your computer. The Space Monkey filesystem is implemented on top of the system filesystem in a way that would make this difficult, even if the data were not encrypted. @Todd, in that case, there is nothing wrong with starting out with the 1TB offering and planning on an upgrade later when you need it. @Davor Martinovic, desktop clients expose a regular filesystem view of Space Monkey, so all file managers should work. We don't have any filesystem emblems on Linux yet for particular managers (as we do on Mac/Win), and may not do specific integrations like that until after initial release. @Richard D. Menz, we'd love to make a multi-pack reward level, but Kickstarter rules don't allow it. @Richard D. Menz, that's a great idea, we'll look into what special things we'd need to do to get in Ouya's app ecosystem (but right, technically, both the Android app and the web app should work there already). We have always planned to expose DLNA, SMB, and AFP services from the device for products/systems like XBMC. If we don't get this working well by initial release, we plan to get it in soon thereafter. @Moosa, yes, it will be possible to interact with your device locally even if Internet is down (there are some items we have to complete to make sure this always works, but that is the plan). @Omar Stradella, yes it would be possible to interact solely with the device in your home, but by interacting with the network at large instead, we can do things like provide access to your files even if your device goes offline. But that's a good point, and maybe something we can consider as an option. @Moosa, great question. You already hit the main answers: faster, more secure, more durable, greener for the environment. Here's some more info on the "faster" aspect: "Unlimited" and "Infinite" backup/storage services have been around for almost 6 years. The main problem people complain to us about is that if you really do have a lot of data, it's nearly impossible to get it all uploaded to these services. Some of them implement constriction of your uploads after they get to a certain size. All of them cap how fast you can upload (if not via software restrictions, then via the natural constraint of bandwidth resources going into their datacenters). If you google any of these service names with the word "slow," you'll get lots of info on the problem people are running into. The reason these services are this way is simple economics. You can't build datacenters so cheaply that you can store 1TB of data for a user for less than about $600/year. If the service you are thinking of using is charging you less than that for that much space in a datacenter, you can be pretty sure there's a catch. The most common catch is: they'll tolerate you as a user as long as you only store a small amount of data, but once you start pushing lots you'll find all sorts of "encouragements" to stop using the service, including slower performance. @Rod O'Leary, this is somewhat hard to predict as the time to get all the necessary regulatory approvals are outside of our control, but we don't expect major delays on our end (testing on our side is on schedule). First units to the EU could ship within a couple of weeks of the first US units, or it could be longer. We will continue to communicate where we are with this throughout the campaign and afterwards. If a potential delay is a major concern for you, there are two options: 1) wait to pledge until things become clearer, or 2) back now and cancel your pledge later if we aren't progressing to your satisfaction. Hope that helps! @Joshua Jeeson Daniel, you can take what @the paul says about a future API as fully endorsed by the company. As for future plans, while we are laser-focused on the product we are creating for consumers right now, Space Monkey does have a long term vision that goes beyond this initial offering. In a lot of ways, we think the type of technology we are building has a real chance at changing how the world stores data, forever -- and not just consumer data, but all sorts of data that is currently housed in datacenters: commercial video streaming content, big data analytics content, web content, content distribution, etc. What Amazon and a few other players did when they first started creating cloud services a few years ago changed the technology landscape. We think this is about to happen again, by moving the data closer to the edge of the network where it is ultimately consumed, and we believe Space Monkey can be right in the middle of it. An eventual public developer API fits in well with these plans. @Markus Comperini, the pricing is $10/month for each 1TB of space after your initial built-in subscription that comes with the reward level. There are many competing services in this space, including some which require you to run your own servers to provide similar functionality, some of which are aimed at enterprises etc. Some which will provide you with a small amount of storage for free. If you only have 5-10GB of storage needs, some of these free alternatives might be just right for you. We are a consumer offering, laser-focused on providing a lot of fast storage very cheaply, with a very nice user experience, without the complication of feature sets needed by enterprises. Some of the areas where we think we are better than competing products: - We're not just backup. We're primary storage with built-in geographically diverse backup. - We do sharing - We integrate with your filesystem. No strange apps to access/upload/download your files. - 1TB for $10/month. - We're 12x-60x faster than traditional cloud for upload and local access. - You can acces your 1TB of data as if it were local without eating up 1TB of space on your local machine (most other sync products require you to have a full copy locally, which is especially challenging for laptops, and a key reason most of those offerings only go to 100-200GB for their largest plans). - We're built for consumers, not corporate IT departments. Having used our own product internally for some time now, we're pretty confident about our offering. We'd encourage you to try out any of the competitors you mention (especially if they have a free plan), and then compare the experience and value to what you'll get with Space Monkey re: location of keys (@Mr. Atoz, @Travis Hoyt, et al): primary copy of keys live on the device in your possession, but a copy of those credentials is also needed to provide web app and mobile access. We've had some interesting discussions about how to minimize both our own access to these credentials internally (we have no business interest in possessing them other than to make the user experience nice, and there are a number of liabilities we take on by having access). So, here are a couple of options we're considering: 1) make web app / mobile access optional (keys would only exist on device in your possession), 2) create a reversible self-destruct button (you can download your keys then delete them both globally and from your device, rendering everything locked and unreadable until you re-upload the keys), 3) instruct users who are concerned about any of this to encrypt sensitive data prior to storing in Space Monkey. #1 is probably not the right solution for most users, #2 could be provided to users and users could be notified with enough time to engage, generally, when outside requests were received by the company, #3 is just standard advice for the true security paranoid using *any* cloud service. We're interested in feedback on this topic. re: t-shirts for early-birds, yes, add $10 to your pledge level (on top of the $10 you already added for international shipping, if that applies) and we'll get you a tshirt. @Adam Westwell and @Todd, it looks like creating junctions into Space Monkey works from those directories, but we'll need to do more testing to see if that would work with WHS' backup service. @Marcus Stoll, there will be web links for sharing with people at large. For sharing with other Space Monkey users, seamless shared folders and files within the filesystem will be supported. @Robert Mohid, files expand about 2x during network upload, so your 100MB will consume a little over 200MB of your cap. We have contemplated upload-assist services (which would bump that down to 1x) to help in constrained situations, but that's a feature that isn't on the roadmap yet. We try to know as little about your data as possible, so as not to carry the burden of having to police usage all the time. We have also consulted with Google's Privacy Team (including experts from PGP) on legal and procedural things we can do to protect users when law enforcement comes knocking -- having Google Ventures as an investor has it's advantages. This is always a balance between preserving your rights and not helping the bad guys. We will always err on the side of protecting your privacy and security -- our business depends on it. @Eugene, right, in Space Monkey, users all cooperate to create better performance than is possible otherwise, so you are right: the more participants, the merrier. Also keep in mind that we have designed the storage layer with resilience to many individual nodes performing slowly or going offline, so that we can just skip those and still get all the data from other participants. One more thing we haven't spoken much about in this forum: there are some things we can do that ISPs will like that traditional cloud providers cannot do. The reason ISPs cap data is that it costs them money when they transit off of their own networks and onto internet backbones, so when you are downloading/uploading to datacenters, that costs them real money. But data transfers that stay on their own networks are essentially free (they paid for them when they laid the cables/fibers to your neighborhood), so there is very little real cost incurred when, for example, you are transferring data next door (assuming you are both on the same ISP). Long term, Space Monkey could take advantage of this, grouping Comcast users together, or Verizon users together, etc., giving the ISPs not only reason to not restrict bandwidth for our apps, but to prefer solutions like ours over datacenter-centric ones. @Todd, dropping files in from the coffee shop tries first to write to your home device in both cases, then to the network. @Eugene, thanks for the question and answer summary. @Peter Legierski, we chose not to include wifi because for most people, their wifi routers are significantly slower than their wired connections, and so choosing that option would degrade the experience. However, it could be supported fairly easily with a usb wifi dongle. We may provide instructions for enabling if this proves to be something a lot of you guys really want. Initial sync happens in two phases: 1) client->device and 2) device->network. Phase 1 is visible to the user and fast, phase 2 is slower and less user-visible. As soon as Phase 1 completes, all normal Space Monkey functionality is enabled. E.g., it may take a few seconds to push a video file to Space Monkey, after which other clients will be able to access it and the content become sharable. The durable network copy then happens in the background, and may take several minutes, but users shouldn't worry about waiting for it to happen. (answer to @Todd, 1 & 1a). @Sylvain, answers will depend largely on how much you use your Space Monkey, how you adjust your throttling, and partly on how others use the network. We have users constrained by less than 1Mbps upload in our test network, and naturally it does take longer for the network copy to be made for those users, but eventually, the data does get out. Note that any problems you encounter with your ISPs caps and bandwidth in Space Monkey would also be problems you'd hit with any other cloud service. @Maikel, we are still considering answers to those questions. Most likely path right now is that company pays for return shipment when you cancel or, at its option (maybe because subscription was longterm, or hw has been upgraded, etc) lets you keep it. These decisions will be based on economics and viability. We'll keep you posted. @Connor, devices have gigabit ethernet. We're at the stage in software development where we're spending significant time focusing on performance improvement, and there is still work to do here. We've clocked already at 12x-15x faster than most cloud services, but based on some raw performance testing, expect to be able to boost that to 30-60x by release or shortly thereafter. @Kevin Hsu, yes, streaming will be supported. Internally, desktop clients already do this if the data is not cached locally. The current version of the web app only supports direct file upload/download, but our awesome engineers already have internal demos of streaming for both video and audio via browser as well. @Mark Keller, 1) yes, we monitor SMART, as well as a ton of other internal metrics, 2) and 3) yes, data is encrypted, but to provide local access via other protocols (SMB, AFP, DLNA, etc) the device needs to be able to provide unencrypted access. We will provide a way to 'wipe' data prior to return. 4) that's a great idea, we will look into building that into the service agreement. @John Garner, we don't use global convergent encryption because it has serious privacy and security issues. In Space Monkey, if two users upload the exact same content, they will have distinct copies in the system of that content. We do, however, use some deduplication within a single user account to avoid uploading the same content multiple times. All filenames and filesystem metadata is encrypted at the source, so no one else in the system has access to that. Keep in mind, though, that accessing your data via the web app requires that you authorize our web services to decrypt that content for you (giving that system access to your keys). re: two-factor authentication, this feature is on the roadmap. @Antonio Rus, yes, multiple clients will sync individually to the Space Monkey device; you'll see the same filesystem across devices. @Maikel Lodewijk, most USB ports can't provide enough power. When you quit, you have to return the device or pay for it (unless you've already purchased it). @Aron Rotteveel, yes, we have an Android client that does autoupload in internal test right now, and plan to have an iOS version ready soon too. @Khrt L. Williams: - data is distributed across multiple geographies, specifically to withstand issues like we saw with Sandy. - data is protected via cryptographic primitives, not physical possession of the encrypted data. Ultimately, this is true of all cloud services. - ownership of data is tied to cryptographic primitives as well, hijacking of your data requires much more effort than simply hosting one of many small encrypted pieces of a specific file. - relying on cryptography and math is a safer proposition than relying on the policies of a corporate entity run by ordinary people, and a much safer proposition than relying on limiting physical access to encrypted data. Traditional cloud providers run into trouble over and over again because they rely on the latter instead of the former. - refund is for the service -- you don't pay for the device so there is no refund for cost of the device. @John Garner: - we use both software and hardware encryption (hardware encryption engine doesn't support all the crypto we need, but it does help) - we plan to support all common plug types for EU, are still navigating certifications and power supplies (no expected roadbumps since power supply is external to the unit) - we like BTTF too, should be doable - doubling pledge should work for getting two. We want to make sure we aren't in violation of Kickstarter rules here, though, so let us get back to you (you can always adjust pledge level later) - there will be an upgrade path for larger capacity later. At minimum, you can combine multiple devices for higher capacity (we may offer simpler upgrade paths too, undecided yet on those). - also, 'the paul' knows his stuff. Yes, all data is accessible even if home device is offline. Note that we still have some software work to do here prior to delivery to make this smooth, but the system has been designed to insure that all your data is accessible even in this case. regarding multi-packs, we tried but had to remove those rewards before Kickstarter would approve us. We'll figure something out for you after the Kickstarter campaign ends -- agree that being able to get two or more at a time is a great thing. @Victor Mateevitsi, system uses erasure codes, can survive lose of half of those locations without losing any of the data. To retrieve the file from the network, only need half of those as well, so if some are slow no big deal, system moves on to the next. System is constantly monitoring for missing chunks and replacing them (self-healing). Platinum subscription comes with a device that is yours to keep, and service lasts for as long as the device does. @Eugene, 1) we don't currently transcode your media into other formats for playback, but plan to add that optional functionality soon and will make sure we communicate supported codecs. 2) device comes with excess storage for the network. 3) answered below. 4) we expect SMB/AFP/DLNA support to be in v1 when it ships, but it is not complete yet (we'll keep updating on status). It will move up in priority if you all tell us it needs to -- appreciate the feedback. re: datacaps (@Justin Gilbert and @Eugene), we will provide some knobs for controlling bandwidth in both directions. We still have some work to do to really understand real-life usage patterns for things like network reads, but we don't expect this will be a problem for you -- the network copy happens best-effort and in the background, so other devices that want to store to yours don't have to blast this all in as fast as they can. @John, just to clarify, we're still navigating how to provide similar functionality on Windows. On both OSX and Linux, symlinks from inside Space Monkey out to other directories works today. @John, yes, that is correct. @Daniel Gutierrez, yes, streaming music out of Space Monkey works well today, including via iTunes. @Monsur Hossain, yes, one full copy of all your data is cached on the device, and files are also cached locally on your desktop/laptop client -- temporarily while you access them, permanently if you 'pin' them. @Mike C, it's cool, Space Monkey is not for everyone. Maybe it's not for you. This isn't our first rodeo. We come from the traditional cloud, which also has upfront capital costs in the form of building out datacenters. It's because of the costs there that we took this approach, which is vastly more affordable than the DC. We understand the economics, and we're confident in the model, and that the prices will actually go down over time, not up. Cheers! re: linking (@John), in order to make this work, you'll need to move your folders into the Space Monkey folder, then link them from outside Space Monkey (we have users currently enjoying this feature, it works). @CK, yes, you'll be able to set up automatic recurring payments, or renew manually. Your choice. @Joshua Jeeson Daniel, you can actually just tell Dropbox to use a folder inside of Space Monkey, and then those files will live in both services. No plugin required. Regarding EU power supply (@Maikel Lodewijk, @Aron Rotteveel, et al): we are planning on providing different power supply for outside of the US. Please remember that international configuration/certifications/approvals are behind US domestic, but we'll get this figured out as quickly as we can and communicate where we are at with international shipments often. @Mark Fuccio, @Justin, @Mike C re: company financing, please note that we are currently requiring new users to pay for 1 year of service up front (that's how all the Kickstarter Rewards work), so even if all the users simply sign up and then abscond across the border with the devices and cancel their credit cards, we're covered. As Justin points out, over the expected lifetime of the device, profit margins are very healthy. There are a number of financing vehicles a company like ours can use to handle the upfront capital demands, including both traditional venture financing and venture debt (we are currently using both). This really looks no different than any other hardware company; funds are required to produce inventory before it is sold. It's not a problem. If users cancel before their pre-paid period ends (the first year), we refund the difference once the device is returned. @Justin: MAC address is currently tracked and associated with your account info, I'll add it to the roadmap to make it visible from your account logon. We may also have some work to do here on first-run experience -- home routers normally just assign it an IP address and then the client software can find the device and associate it with a user. @Steven Draper: "unlimited" and "infinite" cloud storage services have been around since 2006. Unfortunately, they almost always suffer from two problems: 1) slow, and 2) not really unlimited. I won't speak to pogoplug's offering specifically, but the economics of datacenter-based cloud storage are fairly straight-forward: if you are storing 1TB but only paying $5/month, you are costing that service roughly $600/year in ongoing operational costs. That's not a sustainable model, and most providers try all sorts of tricks to keep their users from actually using as much as they promise -- most commonly by making uploads slow. One of the best known unlimited backup services, for instance, throttles upload speeds so that it would take almost 3 years to push 1TB of data to its servers. In the case of Glacier, they actually power down the servers that house your data to save money, only spinning them back up on set service schedules (that's why it might take 5+ hours to access a single file). That's fine for archival backup, but it doesn't work for always-on access to your data. For more info on datacenter economics, see <url>