RE: iOS 7 – From what we can see in the WWDC keynote Spike will not have a problem on the new keyboard design. Keys appear to be in the same place, and if they did in fact change anything but the graphic design, we will be able to adapt quickly as it will only affect the (x,y) placement of the capacitive pads on our printed circuit board. Spike for the iPhone 5 also features a removable keyboard that will allow swapping in and out different keyboard layouts and designs. Hey all! I'll be flying to Malaysia tonight to oversee the final stages of production & assembly of the iPhone 4 models of Spike 1 & 2, as well as the keyboards units that will make it onto Spike 3's. I will also be bringing back the first set of units (as many as we can fit in a suitcase) so we're going to begin shipping orders as soon as I get back on June 5th. I'll be taking plenty of pictures of the facilities and the manufacturing process that I'll attach in official updates while I'm there. Our iPhone 5 models are getting prototyped right now in California and we should be receiving those back in Seattle next week, so we'll be posting those ASAP. Re: the other keyboard case on KS – we are aware of that product but are confident in Spike and it's underlying patented technology. We'll be watching closely! Look out for a proper update in your inboxes soon, right now I have a flight to catch! Have a good weekend! Quick mini-update: Case part manufacturing is currently underway. Case assembly will begin on the 16th (sonic welding the halves together etc). Keyboard parts will be assembled the following week when one of our team, most likely myself (Cody), will be there in Malaysia to oversee the final assembly and testing. Booking flights tomorrow, I hope to bring the first 500 units home in my suitcase! We should be getting some pictures of the manufacturing soon, so we'll attach those in a proper update when we get 'em. Meanwhile we just got bids for iPhone 5 prototyping and will be moving forward with those ASAP. Those will be either 3d-printed SLAs or cast polyurethane and will include 2 different materials, one hard plastic for the case shell and a softer, flexible material in place of the rubbery TPU so they will be excellent examples of what the next-gen Spike is all about! To backers whom is it may concern, As I tried to point out in a previous update, we have encountered unanticipated issues resulting in many unacceptable delays. We never have, and are not now, trying to get out of accepting complete responsibility. Also, as members of our team are themselves backers of various other projects, we know how it feels when a product has many delays or in some cases fail. First, KickStarter is primarily for projects that most often have not been done before. It is not a store, rather it is a place where you have the opportunity to invest in projects that you think are cool or have products that you really like. We developed a new technology in order for Spike to function successfully. Unfortunately, we have run into many unforeseen hurdles along the way in getting Spike manufactured in a timely manner. That is, more often than not, what happens with new untried technology projects in development environments, even outside of KickStarter. Projects very often take longer, are more difficult, and more expensive than the creators anticipated - that is all that has happened with our project. In spite of the unanticipated obstacles we have persevered and spent multiples of the funds raised on KickStarter to make sure all of our backers would receive Spike, and we as the creators would have a shot at a successful commercial venture. In our case, we have a seasoned development team with a record of successful products and we still find ourselves in this position. With that said, as backers that relied on what we presented on KickStarter, you have every right to question our competency, our ability to execute, or of being too optimistic, etc. However, suggesting that we are ‘scam artists’ or that we have personally enriched ourselves at our backers expense is simply beyond the pale and could not be further from the truth. And from a personal point-of-view, personal attacks from backers of KickStarter projects to their creators are not within the spirit of the community. While we are very distressed that it has taken this long to get Spike manufactured, it is not uncommon problem. According to a recent article in Forbes only 25% of Design and Technology projects on KickStarter were delivered timely and 75% were late by an average of eight months. While we don't know personally, we are confident that virtually all of those that were late, or may have failed, were not because the creators were out to cheat their backers or through lack of effort, but rather due to the inherit obstacles associated with doing something new that often pushes the envelope. In closing, we again want to thank all of our backers for their patience and understanding. Best, Robert + the SoloMatrix Team P.S. @Rene, Terry, & John – Your orders have been changed to the iPhone 5 version of Spike! Update on the way! We just wrapped up i5 design, working to get some renderings out today, may have to settle for CAD renderings if our processors can't work fast enough. @daniel - And thank you for your contribution, patience, and continuing support. I think you hit the nail right on the head! @barry – No one is getting an inferior/flawed product. The problems I was referring to were those discussed in the updates, generally relating to our sonic welding and plastic warping problems (problems which have been solved). Spike 3 was always immune to these due to the different nature of production/assembly. /hello w̶o̶r̶l̶d̶ james – Thanks for the rant! It is good to hear everyones opinions. Being this behind schedule is frustrating for us too. I'm just going to quickly address a couple points and hopefully clear some things up for you: firstly, if you think that we don't understand/comprehend the consequences of the situation we are in, I'm afraid you are mistaken. This product is our business, we work 7 days a week at it. We fully understand – and comprehend – the ramifications of our product becoming irrelevant before it comes out. And personally, I wouldn't mind giving the S4 a spin myself, but that's not the point. Spike for the iPhone 4/S is coming out. We're not stopping the train now, even if it's not moving as fast as we, or you, would like it. Secondly, we have gained a ton of experience in the design for manufacturing department and, as stated, have redesigned the iPhone 5 models from the ground up so that we can avoid the litany of problems we faced with our current models. Our next (bi-weekly) update will provide renderings (read: fancy Photoshops) of our new design, as well as a realistic timetable. We'll post actual photos as soon as we get them prototyped using 3d-printing or cast PU. Thirdly, Spike 3 – we are working on these, it's just that they depend on a lot of Spike 2 parts that we don't yet have. Fourthly, the PS1 came out it '94, the PS3 in 2006. I am confident that this won't take us a dozen years :) Annndddd finally, thank your for your pledge and donation! Every dollar does count. We are producing what we think is a killer product, and do hope you think so too when you receive it – even if it doesn't work with your PlayStation 3. Keep an eye out for the next update, and leave the worrying to us! @Austin, Luna, Hector, Jeff, Tamer – Your orders have been changed to iPhone 5 versions of Spike. @Angela – We are a technology product, albeit a simple analog one. We have a printed circuit board, a carbon-rubber resistor, an antenna, complete with 34 capacitance switches. All those components, due to their sensitive analog nature, actually made this product more difficult to manufacture than a bluetooth or wired product as it took far more R&D to tune the product to interface with a variety of touch screens that are used in iPhones. @Nick – That is our hope too, but if it is the first 's' model to change forms we will be ready to adapt our latest design to the new shape. We'll post that design, for the 5, in an upcoming update soon. We actually did have a design in January, but it was based on the 4S design that has caused us so many problems. In an effort to both modernize it and make it far more manufacturing friendly we stepped outside of our box and reformed it from the ground up. It now features a removable keyboard, a one piece case, and a two-color composite case made of hard PC and soft, rubbery TPU. That design reformation was a delay brought upon by us, not our manufacturer as with the 4/s, but it was the absolute right decision, and we think you'll agree when you see it. @Hector, Rob – Thank you for your encouragement and understanding, just because we're late does not mean we will be cutting corners. It's important to us that we turn out a quality product in the end, and it is our hope that end will justify the means. You can also expect a much smoother road to iPhone 5 versions, as we've gained an enormous amount of knowledge in the development and manufacturing of the iPhone 4 versions (including a ton of "what not to dos"). Re: the keyboard being small – we are limited by the size of the screen itself, and end up being 90% of width of the BB Curve's keyboard. Our keys are much larger than the on-screen keys, so we think you'll find Spike to be a major improvement. It's coming Barry! Been in meetings for 48 hours re: these units, we'll get an update out by end of day. Hey all! We're supposed to be receiving our latest pre-production units next Wednesday so we'll email out a true update then, just wanted to touch base to let you know that they are on their way (FedEx tracking #799286833352) from Malaysia. We are anxious to give the green light for full production, as you know we're coming up on 6 months late (though not a year, @FoldingFan), so we're pushing as hard as we can to get our manufacturing issues solved. We have heard that this set is much improved from that last several we received so we expect to be able to move forward very soon. If you have any requests to change your order, please do so through email or private message, as we simply can't make it to every comment left on over a dozen different places. We will, however, be sure to answer every message as fast as we can get to them. Stay tuned for the update on Wednesday! @Barry, Francois – We're working on it! Barry: We met some great local (California) based aluminum case manufacturers that we are excited to begin working with on Spike 3. Aluminum cases have notoriously been tricky, especially regarding signal strength (which is super important to us!) and they already have solutions to those problems, which should expedite our pre-production process for Spike 3. ETA is 6-8 weeks. @Karl – The great thing about the iPhone's dev cycle is that there is a very good chance that the 5s will be exactly the same (externally) as the iPhone 5! So when they do come out our iPhone 5 Spikes should be forwards compatible. @David – Working on it now! @Michael – Last week we migrated to a new server and had some hiccups along the way, but everything should be back in order now. @LivinLarge – On our working timelines we have iPhone 5 Spike due out by the end of April. We have some pretty substantial targets to meet by that time and we are doing everything we can to expedite the dev process, which we are deep in the middle of currently. We're confident it will be worth the wait. @Cy – We're looking to give the green light for iPhone 4/4s production in the next 1-2 weeks, which means we should be ready to ship in 2-3 weeks. iPhone 5 models are still several months out (3-4). That's about as precise as we can get! @Mark – Absolutely! @Hector – Nevertheless, thank you for supporting our project. We have been working around the clock for months to get you the highest quality product that we can then produce and distribute to retail channels around the world. Unfortunately for both us and all of you (our backers) we were too optimistic about how fast we could move from prototyping to production, but the good news is we are just about there now. @Barry, Francois – Just flying back today, will send an update re: iPhone 5 & CES at the beginning of the week. Regarding the CNET review: a Blackberry user (like the author) will definitely notice a difference in the way our keyboard works. As you may know, we are interfacing with a touch screen – inherently an imperfect technology (you can tap the screen and not register a touch sometimes). Our keyboard is not built into a direct circuit to the phone's microprocessor as is a Blackberry's. What that means is there are more conditions to meet in order to make out technology work. One of which, and perhaps the most important, is that the keyboard must sit almost exactly flat on the screen in order to produce a high enough Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) to simulate a touch. This has been one of the hardest parts of engineering Spike. The keyboard that he used at CES during our 2-minute demo (this was not a true hands-on review due to the nature of the show) was actually on our iPhone 5 prototypes, which were actually 3D printed cases. The tolerance on that material/process is not up to the spec that we require from our offshore manufacturers. In a nutshell, our prototypes look great and demonstrate that we've successfully applied our technology to the new phone, but they're not perfect. As soon as we have units to spare, i.e. after we fulfill your rewards, we will be sending out proper review units to press around the world for legitimate hands on reviews. We expect we'll be seeing much better articles at that time :) @Hank – Thanks!! @Steve – Cheers and Happy New Year to you! @Daniel, Mike, Lisa – Sure thing! Your orders have been changed. @Dr. Hank – Happy new year to you! Regarding your first comment, your order has been changed. @Stephanie – You got it, back to the original order! @Kevin – No prob, got you covered! @Barry – Just sent! @Frank – Check out the latest update for all the details. @Timothy – You can read the latest update for more on the first units. We are bringing the first units to CES but they are not retail quality (ready for the consumer) yet. In other words, we're not using backers' orders as sales models. But I'm sure you can appreciate that in terms of the success of our company, which you helped to kickstart, CES is extremely important! If anything, the pressure of the deadlines for CES has sped things up. If you're attending, let us know and we can arrange to meet! @Thao – Sure thing! @Sandeep – Your order has been changed to a Spike 6 ;) @Fortunato, Francois, Richard, & Munzer – Your order have all been changed to reflect your requests. @Barry – Coming up here in 3 weeks is the Consumer Electronics Show; we're attending and as a result we need photography of the first production units. As soon as we get the photos done we will post them and send out an update! @Taylor, Terry, Michael – No problem whatsoever! Your orders have been changed. @Jean, Michael – Sure thing, I've made the changes. @Hector – More accurately that means we're about 2 months late, as we aimed for around the end of September (4 months ago was the end of July). We're currently in the production process overseas and are limited by the timeline of that process, but it looks like we'll begin receiving preliminary test units in the next couple weeks, but may actually end up being almost 4 months late of our targets back in July as we probably won't have the final retail-quality units until January to ship to our backers. @Andrew, Jason, Wendy, and Neil – Your orders have all been changed and I sent confirmations to your inboxes. @barry – Yes, the limiting factor for Spike 3 depends on Spike 2 for the keyboard assembly. They should be ready at approximately the same time. @Susanna – Sure thing! @Susanna, Michael, David – Re: iPhone 4 Spikes –We've released all the drawings to CPI in Malaysia, and tooling is currently being made. After the 30-day turn around for tooling we have to produce test units, texture the molds, and go into mass production which is a couple week process. Mid to late December we'll begin getting retail-quality units that we will ship off ASAP. @LivinLarge – Yes, we have begun design for the iPhone 5. We're keeping the same basic concepts but doing some redesign around the hinge and keyboard to slim it down. We're also trying to incorporate a backlit keyboard that uses the screen as a light source – hopefully we'll be able to engineer that in parallel to the functional and structural changes so we can incorporate it into our first iPhone 5 iterations. No promises, but it's looking like a definite possibility! We're neck deep in iPhone 4 stuff as the tooling is being made this month and we're ramping up for production so I don't have any drawings or concepts to share with you yet but we'll post them as soon as we can. iPhone 5 models are still scheduled to be out early next year, Jan–Feb. @SteveTheo – Thanks! We think so too, it's a huge improvement. @Paolo, Adrianna, Michael, B.de, Adnan – Sure thing! (and Michael, it has been quite the learning process! ) @Shreyas – No problem! :) @Ester, Jim. and David – Sure thing! All your orders have been changed accordingly. @barry, razmataz – Most but not all. We're rushing day and night to get everything finalized and it's definitely proved to be a more daunting task then we anticipated a couple months ago! We're essentially making a computer hardware product with the kind of tolerances that watches are made with, so it's critical that we get every detail just right. But we had a great day Friday with our designer and made a ton of progress finalizing almost all of the over 20 parts that make up a Spike keyboard! Stay tuned for an update this week. @Adnan – You can check our updates section for the latest published news on the status of Spike (there's also information scattered in the comments from questions like yours). Our latest estimate puts the finish date for production at the end of next month with assembly and shipping happening not long after that. We're putting together another update with more details for sometime this week, along with more information on the improvements/fixes we made to make Spike even more awesome! And believe me when I say, no one wants this as bad as we do – so we're doing everything we can to get our Spikes in your hands. @SteveTheo – Your patience and understanding is most greatly appreciated, it's not easy being delayed! :) @Joshua – No problem! @Rob – We figured that the iPhone 5 would have this affect – after all Kickstarter is a community of early adopters. But the sales of iPhone 4/4S's are still going strong and we expect them to hold steady even in the shadow of the iPhone 5. Especially for enterprise users now that they have become more affordable for companies to buy in quantity. So we're very content producing both versions :) @Wendy – You can check out our updates (on the above tab) for more detailed information, but it's looking like the iPhone 4 and 4S versions will ship at the end of November or beginning of December. @Chan & Brian - Done! Changed both your orders to iPhone 5 versions of Spike. @barry – Sure thing I changed your Spike 1 to the iPhone 5 version. It affects the Spike 3 schedule equally because while the case is a different design, material, etc... the keyboard is the same as on the Spike 2. So we have to ship the keyboard parts over from Malaysia in order to assemble them on Spike 3 cases that are made over here. It's hard give an an ETA for Spike 3 an this moment because it could either be a bit ahead of Spike 1 and 2 or a bit behind depending on when we get those keyboard parts. We'll keep you posted via updates as soon as we know more. @Daniel & Stephen – No problem, your orders have been changed! @Brandon, Vince, Hank – Done! @Kevin – We'll send those as soon as we begin to coordinate the international shipping in a few weeks, but if you'd like to take care of it now shoot an email over to me at <email> and we'll take care of it. @Michael – Nonsense! We'll just upgrade you to an iPhone 5 version :) @Husker – Our original estimated delivery was September but we all share in your frustration, no one wants to get this out there as bad as we do! We're working hard everyday to make the final improvements before the tools are made. Thanks for sticking by us, it sucks being off schedule but we are moving forward! @Andrew – Done! Scott – We've begun the tooling process already for the majority of the parts, so we're looking at a minimum 30 day lead time. We'll send out more info as we get it. As for the changes you requested – you got it! @Barry – Not since our last update re:Spike 3. We're working hard on getting all our plastic injection molding tools built for Spike 1/2 and will be focusing on Spike 3 as soon as we get all that sorted out in the next few weeks. @Chai – No problem, we changed your order! @Steve – Check your inbox! @David – We're not forgetting about iPhone 4's! @LivinLarge – We hope to get them out by X-mas but officially we're saying January 2013. @Darc – From what we've seen on iOS 6 there was no update to the layout of the onscreen keyboard, but we would sure like to know if you know otherwise! Could you send us a link/picture of what you mean? Thanks!! @Paolo, Catherine, and Daniel – We've made all the changes you requested, thanks for supporting us! @Murray – Yes you can! Head to our online shop at <url>– No prob! You are switched to the iPhone 5 version of Spike. @Michael & LivinLarge – We're in the tooling process now which is the 'limiting factor' in terms of when we can ship product. Unfortunately we won't have Spike this month, but October is looking good if everything goes as planned *fingers crossed*. We'll be sending out an update with more details tomorrow morning. @Melanie – We'll ship 'em when we have 'em, and we plan to have them at the same time. If we get either unit in before the other you'll have that first. We want to send them to you just as fast as you want to receive them! @Stephanie – Yes they are all sent to the US first before we distribute them, so for those living in SE Asia your Spikes have to make a quick stop in this hemisphere before getting on a back on a plane and heading to your home! @Michael – That is correct! You'll receive the i4 version this fall and the i5 version as soon as they're out. @Andy – No I'm sorry but Spike was designed specifically for the iPhone and will not work if detached from the protective case. @Hector – Not yet, but we're flying to Malaysia to oversee the production on the 17th of this month and we should be able to come back with a pretty solid date for when we'll have landed units! @David – We're in the same boat as you, we want to get Spike out there ASAP!! :) @John – Sure thing! Note taken :) @James – Originally we were offering Spike 3 in Neutron Gray and Kickstarter Green, but have now added Pitch Black to the list. As it is anodized aluminum, they all look very sleek! @Cy, Daniel, and XxLiviNLargExX – We still haven't confirmed any ship dates; we are working with a couple different manufacturers to get some limited production tooling that's comparatively very fast (as opposed to full production steel tooling) but it is minimum 1 month. If everything goes as planned we'll be packaging our finished units by the end of September, but as manufacturing Spike is a difficult process, due to the precision required and very low acceptable tolerances, we don't want to jump the gun just yet. But I can tell you, after a major design review meeting today, that the products are really taking shape and looking great! A couple tweaks here and there and we'll be ready to give the green light! We'll update you when we have more specific information regarding production status; we want to get them out there ASAP!! @HHH and Edward – Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send different surveys to backers who selected more than one reward (so if you backed two Future Proof rewards you only receive one survey). If you would like additional colors on the other two Spikes, just send us a quick message, we can make the note there! If you forgot shipping: After the surveys are complete and we have a better idea of everyone who forgot to include shipping we will send out PayPal invoices to your email addresses and take care of it that way. We'll give the surveys a couple of days and proceed from there! Cheers, Cody & Robert @Sofia – Check your inbox :) @Mike – Thank you!! Hey all, we just wanted to wait for Amazon to complete the processing so our backer list is final before sending out the survey. There are a couple hours to go today so we'll start sending surveys tomorrow! @Barry – Yes, Spike 3 is on a different time-scale, we estimate those will be ready to ship by November. @Chan Xing Yun – You only have to pay for shipping once :) Cheers, Robert & Cody @Eleanor – No worries! After you fill out our survey (that we will be sending in the next couple days) we'll provide everyone who forgot shipping a payment gateway to do so. @XxLiviNLargExX – We're looking into other colors for production and we hope to have one selected for the survey... Stay tuned. And thank you for your kind words! @Chris – Thanks!!! @Cy – You have to go into 'Manage your pledge" and up it by $20! @XxLiviNLargExX – They are an ABS alloy plastic. @Eleanor and Esther – Thanks!!!! @XxLiviNLargExX – We've updated both Spikes so that the hinge is on the left, it makes for better on hand operation for us righties :) @Susanna – Thanks!! We're super excited to launch! @Richard – You will get a survey after our campaign where you can put that info :) @Frank – You should have been directed to Amazon to make your pledge – I'm not sure why you wouldn't have been... I also don't see your name on our backer list so my advice is to try and try again as we only have 13 hours to go!! If it's just not working e-mail me at cody (at) solomatrixinc.com and we'll figure it out. @Kirpa – Sure! If you want to add another reward the easiest way is to go into 'Manage you Pledge' and add the amount of the additional reward you want. Then send me a quick message and I'll put a note on your account with your exact order so there's no confusion. Hope that answers your question! @Chan – Our keys do not actually push through to the screen, so we've modified the layout from the on-screen keyboards (take a look of the placement of the Q and A on our keyboard vs the virtual keyboard). Our keyboard is intended to be used with the ABC and 123 layouts of the English keyboard. It can also be used with the #+= keyboard but due to the limited space we are working with and the low frequency of use of those characters we are not printing legends for them (they're accessible in Quick Access Mode). @Metzi – Thanks for the support!! @Ken – We're definitely planning on both AZERTY and QWERTZ layouts for our friends across the pond! It's actually just a printing change on the keys so it won't be a very difficult modification. You can expect some news about Euro layouts before our Kickstarter campaign is over! Cheers, Cody @David – Estimated shipping is in Spetember. @Matteo – Spike is compatible with all apps that use the standard English keyboard layout, including Mail, iMessage/SMS, Safari, etc... @Johannes – If you would like the iPhone 5 version you can back the $50 reward and send us a quick message – we'll make a note on your account and you'll receive the iPhone 5 version! Cheers! @Mike – You can email either one of us directly at either: cody OR robert @solomatrixinc.com, or find me on FB at /cody.solomon or search me on LinkedIn, whichever you prefer! We're definitely taking into consideration both button access and bulkiness to make the most consumer-friendly product we can. @Tim – Our Spike keyboards should be totally Blendtec compatible! ;) @Adnan – Thanks for the kind words! It will touch the screen but the back of the keyboard is a smooth composite material that won't scratch the glass, the buttons themselves don't push through to the screen. We're still playing with the design of Spike3 and will upload new materials as they are available. Thanks so much for your support! @MJ – Thanks!!! We can't wait to grant you that honor ;) Thanks everybody!!! We really couldn't have done it without you! It's not over yet though we still have 22 days, get the word out there and let's keep going! @Jeremy – The audio port is definitely large enough to fit most headphone plugs, I use it myself with no problem! @Jeff – We've made the camera cutout quite large, it shouldn't vignette or reflect the flash. Cheers! @Mike – Thanks! We just hit 100% minutes ago!! We'll pour a glass of bubbly in your honor ;) Now let's keep going and see how high we can go in the next 23 days! @Anna – "Antenna-neutral" refers to eliminating the loss of signal that tends to plague aluminum cases. it only comes into play on the Spike3. @Stephanie – Spike should have a very similar feel to the Blackberry keyboard – a lot of people swear by it's definitely a benchmark for us. @John – Thanks for the kind words!! That is correct! @David –Exactly, it fits in a slot molded into the back of the case so it sits smooth and flush. @Barry - We'll send you a survey after the campaign and you'll able to choose colors – and yes, Spike definitely provides tactile feedback complete with a crisp 'click' :) A big thanks to all of our backers so far, less than 5% to go!! Check out this C}Net article released today after an interview with Robert: <url>– Thanks for the feedback, part of the explanation for that is that the printed font will be bolder than the wireframe legend, so we'll post another picture once we get the new keyboards. That may solve the issue of readability. @Evan – Thanks for the kind words! We're ecstatic about making this project into a success! @James – Thanks for the support! We're looking into belt-clips as we speak. Going to try a couple different options and will definitely take into account your suggestion about the clip the Life-proof case uses. Regarding colors, we're always open to suggestions! We'll be sure to include yellow in the mix – eventually it will come down to a vote from our backers so hopefully our Kickstarter community loves 'Electric Yellow' as much as you do! :) Cheers @Sandeep – We're definitely excited to hype up the iPhone 5 versions of our Spikes.. The Future Proof options are quite popular and we're regularly taking personal requests for iPhone 5 versions so we're thinking that may be sufficient, and works to limit the potential confusion. But we're still considering the best strategy going forward in the next month! @Anna and John – Thanks for the support guys! Now go out and share us with your friends! :) @Adnan -Thanks! We're happy with it too. We're already planning another video that's more focused on demoing the actual products and highlighting the functionality of Spike – we'll keep you and all of our backers updated on its progress! @Matthew – This project is focused on the iPhone, but the technology we developed is applicable to other touch screen phones such as Androids. We'll keep you posted on those developments! @Adam – Our Spike keyboards require no syncing nor charging, they are totally power neutral! @Anna – Thanks!!! We're making them as durable as possible, we know (from personal experience) the occasional phone gets dropped. The plastic we are using is going to get a soft-touch coating that has a rubberized feel to it to provide maximum grip! @Matan – Yes, to receive multiple rewards, select one of the tiers and add the extra under the "Manage your pledge" section. So two "Future Proof 3" packs would be $598. @Francois - We definitely have it in the plans at the very least for the Spike²! @All belt clip fans – Send us an example of your ideal clip/holster, we want your input in designing ours! @HHH – After the campaign is all said and done come the 11th of August we will send out an email survey that will allow you to pick colors as well as choose your shipping address. @Sandeep, Curtis, and Francois – We are currently exploring the option of offering an iPhone 5 only version of our Spike keyboards. Until we come to a decision, we are accepting requests for the iPhone 5 versions. To pre-order the iPhone 5 version of Spike 1 or 2 you can back the $25 or $50 levels and send us a private message with your request. We will then make a note on your accounts and you will receive the iP5 version as soon as they are available, estimated in Jan 2013. We are also offering Future Proof rewards that get you a Spike unit for both phone versions. Thanks for your interest and support of our project! @evermore707 – Thanks!! After the project deadline (August 11) we will send out a survey to your email where you will be able to enter your shipping address and color choices. @Tam – Just change your pledge amount, we'll make a note on your pledge for 1 black Spike² and 1 white Spike² @Ed – The back side is a durable and good looking combination of metal and and plastic composite Thanks for all the positive words everyone! @Lukas – The TypeSmart technology we've developed is definitely applicable to other uses such as gaming. We're already looking into the possibilities! @Jason - Yes, we'll make a note of that and you'll get 3 Spike2s! @John – Spike does not cover the charging port nor speaker/microphone slots. Apple's charging dock is unfriendly to most cases and bumpers, but we think that the Elevation Dock will accommodate us just fine! On both Spike 1 and 2 the bottom half of the case can be easily removed allowing you to insert it into any dock, including Apple's. Thanks for your interest and support! @Cameron – So far that color is just a mock-up, but we do like it too! We definitely plan to have additional colors beyond Ice White and Pitch Black, and will probably look to you, our backers, for advice on what to choose! Thank you for your support, we're honored to be your first Kickstarter project!! @Everyone – Thank you all for your comments, we're really excited to be here and it should be a very exciting 35 more days! @Ian – As a backer of our project you will be able to order the iPhone 5 versions of Spike from us at the reduced Kickstarter prices. Thanks for your interest and support!