@Joe There is a 1-year warranty on Spixi. If it's possible, we'd really appreciate some photos, you can send them to <email>. This will help us address quality with our supplier and make improvements. Also, it's possible you received a defect, in which case, we'll ship out a new unit free of charge. Thanks, Paul @Eevee Send us a photo at <email>, we'll see if we can help you out, otherwise we'll send you out a new one. @Oris @Tom Thank You! @Mike We'll ship the iPhone 5 Spixi's in a separate shipment, when the units are ready. If you ordered Android (MicroUSB) or iPhone 4 Spixis AND iPhone 5 Spixis (or Limited Edition Spixis) -- The Android/iPhone 4 Spixi will arrive first, and the iPhone 5 Spixi (or Limited Edition Spixis) will arrive in a later shipment. Hope you enjoy your Spixi! Escargot Team @Carlos Glad to hear you got Spixi today!! @Guitarplayerbp Thanks for your comment! Please give us your feedback upon your review :) @Leonard The iPhone 4 and Android (MicroUSB) Spixi's have shipped worldwide 3 days ago. It should be arriving in 1-2 weeks. Thanks for your support!!! @Markus We've sent you an email with your shipping address. Please confirm. Thanks! @Dan @Li Wang We are waiting to receive approval from Apple for iPhone 5 Spixi Product Forecast and Product Certification. We'll have more details in our next update. @Kent We're still working on the Limited Edition Spixi's. They'll be shipping out alongside the iPhone 5 Spixi's. @Shannon Saw your comment in the updates post, and wanted to address it here to keep the communication flowing. What is really important for us, is doing it properly within a respectful frame of time. Ouya is a much more complex product than Spixi, so they had a lot more challenges facing them. I refuse to ship crap product, and we've been making sure of that with several iterations in a short period, even with a simple product as Spixi. I really care about good design and good quality, and above all, I want to make something that I will want use. I know the backers care about good design and good quality as well. And when you receive Spixi, I think you'll really love using it. Thanks for your support! Paul Yun @David Thanks for sharing that link! Great for some, if true. But on a moment's notice, Apple can change this. Will keep an eye out for this on the official iOS7 release. Paul @Joe Our first batch is shipping from China today, which includes iPhone 4 and MicroUSB models (this info is in the update post today). It looks like you ordered the MicroUSB model, so you should be receiving yours in the first week of July. In response to your comment about the project- I understand why you say that, and I'm sorry that you feel this way. Yes, it took a lot longer than what I wanted, but for me, because at end of the day it's exactly what I've been wanting, I'm not disappointed. When you get yours 2 weeks from now, I don't think you will be disappointed either. Kind regards, Paul Yun @Bernard @Steven Just posted an update today. Thanks, Paul @Sonia @Joe @David @Tomoya @Daryl Thanks for your comment and feedback. We are experiencing a set back in our schedule- the shipping has been postponed due to a quality-related issue during production assembly. To troubleshoot and fix this issue, it will take an estimated 1-2 weeks. I am personally 'fighting' the supplier to commit to their word on delivery time, and I am committed to you and all the backers to deliver the product in a time-sensitive manner. I understand this is a lot later than what we originally estimated. We hope that you are excited about Spixi, still, as we are, and we hope you continue to encourage/support us during this period of our journey. Paul Yun @Joe We just sent you a message to confirm the change. Thanks, The Escargot Team @Sonia Thanks for your comment. Delivery outside of US should take about 1-2 weeks after it is shipped. We will start shipping in the last week of May-first week of June. Thanks for your support :) The Escargot Team @David Thanks for responding to Joe's comment. We have sent you a message, let us know if you have any questions! Best, Paul Yun @Joe We apologize that we missed our estimated delivery date. We forecasted our schedule as best as we could based on knowledge we had and agreements that were made. But there were some factors that arose after the campaign ended, that were not in our control. We know we missed the estimated delivery date, and we feel terrible about it. Our goal is to get the best product in your hands as quickly as possible- always has been, and still is. If you want to change your order- from the iPhone 5 model to the MicroUSB model, send us a message. We can accomodate the change for you. We are on track to do our first batch shipment of MicroUSB and iPhone 4 Spixis to Kickstarter Backers at the end of this month. We are thankful that you are a backer, and we want to make you happy by giving you an awesome product. If you have any questions, let us know please. Paul Yun @David Thanks for answering Parisri's question. And we can help you make the change for your order. You'll get a message about it shortly. Thanks, Paul Yun @David Yes, I saw your message and just replied. We'll put up a comparison shot between the black and white. Thanks for your support!! Paul Yun @David Yes, you can change to white. Just send us a message, we'll help you with the color change. Thanks for your support in our project! The Escargot Team @Li Thanks for your comment. We apologize for the inconvenience with the change in finish options. You can do as @David suggests, and change to white. Please let us know, if that is what you would like to do and we can get on it for you. Thank you for your support in our project! The Escargot Team @Steven Thank you for the comment, and thank you for being understanding. We are working hard to get an awesome product in your hands. Regarding the color change, we can definitely help you with that. Please send us a message, and we'll get on it. Thanks again for your encouragement and support! Paul & The Escargot Team @Lecomte Thanks for your question. Please send us a message with your new shipping address, and we'll take care of you. Thanks for supporting Spixi! The Escargot Team @Rich Thanks for the comment. Yes we can make the change. Please send us a message and we'll help you process it. Thanks for supporting Spixi! The Escargot Team @Solomon Thank you for the comment. We are shooting to get Spixi in your hands by the end of the month. An update will be posted tomorrow with more details. Thank you for being an awesome backer! The Escargot Team @Baback Thanks for your question. The Apple MicroUSB-to-Lightning adapter is compatible with the MicroUSB Spixi, charging and syncing is flawless. We tested this and posted up photos in the late December update post. And it will stay attached to the side of the unit, like it does with all versions of Spixi. Thanks for your support! The Escargot Team @Aaron Thanks for your comment. We will post up an update today. We were waiting for some new photos from the factory and we received it this morning. It will be served shortly, hot & fresh :) Thanks for your support! The Escargot Team @David Sorry to hear that- usually that is the case with knock-offs. You won't have to worry about quality or performance with Spixi! Thanks for your support David! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. Good point, I know exactly what you are talking about. My stock apple cable is barely long enough to reach my bed from the surge protector sitting on the floor. We'll keep this in mind when working on our next iteration. Thanks for your support in Spixi! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. 3 metres is roughly 10 feet. Making a 10-foot retractable cable is easy. Making it not look bulky would be a challenge. One we would gladly take up, when the time comes! Thanks for your great, great support! Paul Yun @Kristin Thanks for your comment. A 5-foot (1.5m) cable might be good- we'll keep that in mind for a future iteration. The 2-foot cable may be short but its ideal use-scenario is when connected between laptop and phone. And then packing up to go, it retracts into a small, slim form-factor so it easily slips into your bag. It sounds like you are excited to get Spixi, and we are elated to hear that. Thanks for the kind words and your support! Paul Yun @Ivan, Sorry- we put out the update today, instead of yesterday. Check out the Updates tab for the latest. Best, Paul Yun @Bob Thank you for your question. We do want to make a longer version and it has been requested by a few, so there is a possibility. I have a 10ft cable that I use occasionally, when I want to walk, talk, and charge simultaneously in my house, but I hate 'dragging' the extra length of cable along the floor. It would be cool not to have it drag, and also for stowing away or for travel. What length would you want? 10ft? 5ft? Thanks for your support in Spixi, Paul Yun @Ivan Thanks for your comment! We are planning to put out a formal update this Friday. We are finalizing the details of the packaging for Spixi. Very exciting stuff. We'll explain the details in the update post. Thank you for your support! The Escargot Team @Hagi Thank you for your pledge! We are grateful to have you as a backer. We are very excited to get Spixi made for you! Thanks for your support! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for helping out with the comments! You Rock! The Escargot Team @James Thanks for your comment. As @David mentioned, we are experiencing a delay in production, which we made an announcement about a few weeks ago. The estimated ship date is April 2013 for Android/iPhone 4 Spixi, and June 2013 for the iPhone 5 Spixi. The website, has been updated to reflect more accurate ship dates. Apologies on any confusion. Thank you for your support. The Escargot Team @Li Thanks for you question. Our last update was posted 5 days ago. We don't have any new updates since then. Do you have any particular questions in mind? We'll do our best to answer them. Thanks for your support! Paul Yun @David Thanks for the comment. We will post photos after we get the revised version of the final engineering samples. Should be in about a weeks time, which I mentioned in the latest update post. Thanks for your continued support! Paul Yun @M Carlin As David mentioned, Spixi will work with iPad- both iPad 4 and iPad Mini (and older iPads). Thanks for the question and your support! And thanks to @David for answering the question! If you have further questions let us know, Thanks, Paul Yun @David Yes, we were at CES last week- that's where we met with our supplier and other kickstarter folks. We were not exhibiting this year, but possibly next year we will. Thanks for the question! Paul Yun @Aaron, Thank you for your question. We have met with our supplier today in Vegas to discuss the final engineering samples. There were a few minor tweaks made primarily to improve the long-term reliability of the product. Minor tweaks include improved strain relief which reinforces the strength between cable and connector, tighter tolerances of internal assembly which helps achieve consistent mechanical performance over long-term use, and decreased surface area of the connector head tip which means it will accommodate for most phones with bulky cases, so users don't have to take off their case when plugging in (which we think is plain silly!). The tweaks are minor, and will ensure a even higher quality of product for our Kickstarter backers. We are doing our best to make a product you will love. And we thank you for supporting our project and giving us the opportunity to make this dream a reality! Thank you, Paul Yun @Joe Thank you for your comment and backing the project. You are right, China does not completely shut down. However, there are other culprits for the delay, which we mentioned in the last update. The circumstance is highly undesirable for us, and we understand your perturbation. We are working as best as we can to deliver a quality product, as quickly as possible. And while we would like to perform a gesture as you suggested, we could not support it, financially. We are glad you are still excited, as we are too! Thank you for understanding and your continued support! Paul Yun @David The tooling process started this week. And we are waiting to get a few more updates from the supplier before we make the announcement in a new Update post. Thanks for keeping tabs on us! The Escargot Team PS. Definitely 'like' your new profile photo! @Mo Glad to be of service! The Escargot Team @Mark As of now estimated shipping is still Feb 2013. We will let you and the other backers know if anything changes. Glad to hear you are getting excited! The Escargot Team @XD, @Matt Luong, @Mo, Please make sure you are using the link from the 'Updates page'. You must use that link for free shipping. If you have further questions please message us! Thanks, The Escargot Team @Lester, Thanks for the kind words. It's very nice to hear that from a Veteren Kickstarter Backer as yourself! The Escargot Team @Yukihisa As @David mentioned, there is currently no support for USB 3.0 since there are no mobile devices that support it. Once Samsung starts putting USB 3.0 ports on their phones and tablets, you'll see a USB 3.0 Spixi! :) Thanks, The Escargot Team Thaddeus, There is a black iPhone 5 model. After you choose the model you want, click the drop down midway through the page on the right, you will have a choice of glossy white and matte black. Please let us know if you have further issues. Thanks! The Escargot Team Sahil, That sounds like a good idea. We'll put up some photos in a couple days. We should be putting up the pre-orders site tomorrow! We'll make an official announcement soon. Thanks, Paul & Escargot @Sahil Thanks for the kind words! We think our cable is way better than Apple's cable, and we know you will love it. Thanks for backing Spixi! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for answering Timothy's question. Stay awesome! Paul & Escargot @Timothy, as David mentioned, the facebook survey was to help us get an idea of what our backers wanted. Sorry if it was inconvenient for you. We got the results, and now we have a better idea. We will be messaging you soon about your product choice, which is will give us our backers' real choices. Thanks for backing us! Paul & Escargot @David Thanks for helping us answer our backer comments and questions! And you are right on the money about the EU law! Brilliant! Paul & Escargot @Liaw Sorry didn't get back to you sooner. About the Lightning to MicroUSB adapter and Spixi (MicroUSB) to your iPhone 5- it should be fully compatible, I am 100% confident that this set-up should work. We will be getting our hands on some Apple adapters this week, and we will test out just to be certain. As @David mentioned, in the EU, it is required by law for Apple to include a Lightning to MicroUSB adapter, whereas the end-user would use any MicroUSB cable to the adapter to the iPhone 5. In our scenario, it would be: Spixi (MicroUSB) > Lightning to MicroUSB Adapter > iPhone 5. And should work just fine. Thanks for the question and backing us! Paul & Escargot @Clarence We are considering a power adapter for the wall. We've already gone through concept designs- keeping the same width and height of Spixi, and goes perfectly with Spixi, with USB port lining up. We are excited about this power adapter concept, because it would be ultra slim, yet strong enough to power an iPad or iPhone (or almost any other mobile device), and the prongs would be foldable. We are thinking about taking pre-orders for the power adapter on our site, and hopefully if we get enough funding, we can offer the product shortly after the Spixi is launched. Many have inquired about this and we thank you for the comment and backing us! Paul & Escargot @Cesar The LifeProof case for iPhone 5 isn't even out yet! And no technical specs are given on the products page. We are refining the connector design so the housing of the connector will be as small as Apple's Lightning connector- we don't see it being a problem with the LifeProof case, from the images we've seen online. Just ordered a Otterbox Defender Series case for iPhone 5 to test out fit. We can't test out every case, because there are just too many- but we will test out certain popular cases that may be of concern to backers. Thanks for backing! Paul & Escargot @Vitali You can get the Android (MicroUSB) version and pair it with the Lightning to MicroUsb adapter by Apple (<url>"wow, it's a lot smaller than I thought." Most people associate Spixi with the iPad chargers or the Macbook chargers which are bulkier and heavier. In the pictures some people have difficulty telling the actually size, that's the main reason why we tried to make it 'look' as small as possible, especially against the product comparison shots. As I mentioned in the comment to @Garrett, we have decided to go with the current design for now, but we will give it another thought after seeing two consecutive comments in the last 24 hours regarding this. Thanks for helping us reach our goal! Paul & Escargot @Garrett We did consider this. A few like-minded backers also mentioned this suggestion. But we decided for now to go with the current design because it is more cost-effective from model-to-model. Thanks for the suggestion! Paul & Escargot @Leonard, Just put up another blast on my personal facebook page, hopefully that will give the extra push to reach $50k. T-11 hours! Thanks for the awesome support!! Paul & Escargot @David Congrats on your shiny iPhone5. Glad to hear the screen protector suites you well. Thanks for the encouragement and continuous support! Paul & Escargot @Francois We hear you! And we have taken note. We are considering a matte finish. We will let you know when he hear back from our supplier. Thanks! Paul & Escargot @Arnold, Thanks for the suggestion. Sounds similar to the iPhone 5 design scheme. We are considering a matte finish, and we will let you know when we hear back from our supplier! Paul & Escargot @Mark thanks for the comment. We are considering a matte finish, after the receiving so many requests. We will let you know what when we hear back from the supplier! Paul & Escargot @Nicky, Thank you for the question. We are using a genuine chip. Doing so is the only way to ensure the cable will work with iPhone 5. We're not sure what Apple's firmware upgrades are capable of, but theoretically it could prevent non-genuine cables from working. We want to provide a cable that does what Apple's cables do, with added convenience to simplify your life. Hope this answers your question. Thanks for backing Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Arnold Facebook allows for just 1 vote, it used to be multiple votes. Apologies about the confusion and inconvenience. You can just send us a message with your survey response. Thanks! Paul & Escargot Andrew, The "Android" is actually also blackberry compatible as well. They both use microUSB. I can assure you it will work with Blackberry 100%, we just titled it "android". Sorry about the confusion. Thanks, Paul @Everyone Apologies on the delayed comment and message responses. With me being overseas, it has been a challenge to respond quickly to each message and comment (it's something I am working on- finding better access in China, and dedicating a set time to sit down/reply). Thank you all for your patience and encouraging/supporting the amazing journey! Paul & Escargot @Francois Pure coincidence that the mock-up was black, and the stretch goal is for the black version for iPhone. All of the manufacturing samples are done in black. Remember before little ol' Apple came along, all cables were black? Those days are long gone! But still, the norm is black- all manufacturing samples the same. Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Leonard We are only 6k away from reaching the stretch goal. If we work together, we can do it!! Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi! Paul & Escargot @Alexandre Thank you for helping us reach our stretch goal! We hope we can reach 50k so we can offer the black version to you! BTW there's an inner geek in all of us-- no shame in admitting it! Paul & Escargot @David Awesome photo! Hope you are enjoying the screen protector. Thanks for backing and supporting Spixi!! We are glad to have you on board! Paul & Escargot @Jo Thanks for addressing Chai's question! You are totally awesome and we love you just as much as Chai! Thanks for also reading the FAQs- we wrote that section for you guys- our backers! Proactively speaking, what question(s) do you think we are missing in our FAQs section? Chances are you are not the only one with that/those questions. Let us know! Best- Paul & Escargot @chai, thanks for your question. We are trying to make Spixi compatible with iPad. And in about a week, we should get a definite yes or no on this subject, from our supplier after they confirm manufacturability and lifecycle quality. Just to let you know, we have it spec'd as of now to function with iPad, which means on a manufacturing level a different size internal wiring is necessary. Regarding slow charging, the primary reason one experiences this is due to the amperage of the wall plug that is used for your device, in this case iPad. Apple supplies you with a 10W charger- 5 volts and 2 amps. If you use say Apple's iPhone charger, 5W- 5 volts and 1 amp, you will get much slower charging. If you use your typical laptop USB port, 2.5W- 5 volts and 0.5 amps, terribly slow charging, or even sometimes no charging, depending on laptop generation. I hope this helps paint a clearer picture. Thank you for backing us, and we love you! (We love chai tea, so naturally we love chai!) Sincerely, Paul & Escargot @Solomon, Got your message, and we are getting around to implementing a system for retailers, wholesalers, and distributors. It looks like there Singapore could be a great market according to @Joanna! Thanks for your support, and we'll be getting back to you soon. Cheers! -Paul & Escargot @Chris, Thanks for the awesome quote and the HUGE backing!! Looking forward to talking with you when are product launches! Paul & the Escargot Team @Mark, Again thanks for the kind words! Couldn't have done it without you! Paul & the Escargot Team @Arnold, Thanks for your suggestion and the kind words. What we have that a lot of other kickstarter projects do not have is real-life manufacturing experience. Prior to kickstarter, I have been working in engineering and manufacturing in Mexico, China, and US. I've worked with production plant executives down to the line workers to get a better understanding of the whole production process. Over the last couple of years, I've made almost every mistake under the sun- and I have learned immensly because of them. So in terms of manufacturing, we think we have that down. Now in terms of anything-Kickstarter, we have a secret-weapon that not many kickstarter creators have- we have a mentor that was successfully funded nearly one year ago (with happy backers!), and they have been guiding us step-by-step, even before we even went live. So fullfillment, shipping, post-KS- these items and others have been discuessed before our KS went live. About your idea, we think that it is neat. How do you feel about having a small box dangling off off your laptop? For me, it depends if the 'laptop' is on my lap or my desk. If I had to read between the lines, I would guess that really what you want is an extension off of the USB port- is this fair to say? This is something that we are considering for an iteration of Spixi. Thanks for your comments and supporting Spixi!! Paul & the Escargot Team @gee-jay you will be able to choose connector type/color after the campaign is over. For more details on how this works, check out the FAQs section where it is explained in further detail, or if you'd like, send us a message for clarification and we will try to explain in a reply. Thanks for your support and your question! Paul and the Escargot Team @Dorian thank you for being our special 873rd backer!! Indeed, this will be an exciting journey!! Glad to have you on the ride. Paul and the Escargot Team @Mark, Thank you for the kind words. I guess you caught us at a good time! We try to get back to everyone in at least 48 hours, I think that is fair. We try our best to be as transparent and communicate as frequent as possible, and put an update at least once a week (but it'll be more frequent when there is more action of course). Thanks for you support and comments!! Paul and the Escargot Team @Heri, we believe 2' feet is enough for most. But of course there are some that will want 3' or 10'. In the video, the full length of the cable is shown. And as we have received multiple requests for photos showing this, we will put one up in the next few days. Thanks for your support and comments! Paul and the Escargot Team @Patrick, We did think about this during the concept stages, but we came to think that people didn't want a brick extending off of their phone. This idea may be good though, as with design there is no right or wrong, there is only good and bad. The main reason why we didn't want a 'brick' extending off the phone is because it is plain out right awkward if you are on a call and your handset is 8-9" long- it just makes you look and feel silly. But maybe in the future it won't be so silly. Thanks for the suggestion and backing Spixi. Paul and the Escargot Team @David, Thanks again for helping answer other backers' questions and comments! We shipped out a special package to you last week, let us know what you think when you receive it! Paul and the Escargot Team @Ian, we did look at wall adapters, And as I commented to @Arnold, we may consider it for another stretch goal if we get the opportunity. BTW, it's not heavy at all, it will not weigh down Apple's USB adapter. Thanks for your comment and backing Spixi! Paul and the Escargot Team @Arnold, a wall USB adapter is a very cool idea. I think we will consider this for another stretch goal if we get the opportunity. Thanks, Paul and the Escargot Team @Mark, Thanks for you comment. We haven't changed our ship date, it has always remained February 2013. If anything, we are trying to beat that delivery date and get it into your hands sooner. Just to be completely transparent, if there is a delay because of the iPhone 5, that will only affect the iPhone 5 version. Micro USB and iPhone4/4S will not be affected. So your micro USB version will not be delayed because of the iPhone 5 version. I hope this clears it up. Thank you for your support! Paul and the Escargot Team @Eric, we want to show the iPhone 5 Spixi in its full glory, but it's currently in development at the factory. I had mentioned in the FAQs and in the comments, we are using an MFi-certified supplier which means we will use Apple's connector specs from California. Apple did not stop licensing 3rd-party cables, they just made it very difficult for 3rd-party NON-MFI suppliers to knock-off Apple's lightning port. The lightning connector costs $3.50 for suppliers to make, the old 30-pin cost $0.45, a increase in costs of nearly 800%, and the authentication chip in Lightning cannot be reverse-engineered, according to current reports. Since our supplier is MFi-certified, we will be able to showcase a functional charging/syncing Spixi with iPhone 5. And I am pushing the suppliers to get that to me before the end of Kickstarter. I am confident that Spixi will be 100% compatible with iPhone 5. Definite proof is what I'm working on getting in the next couple of weeks! Thanks for your comment and your awesome support Eric!! @Richard, Thank you, your support is HUGE. We're half-way there thanks to all of our backers! @Jo, Thanks for being the awesome supporter you are!! @Li, Slate Spixi sounds really cool actually. We're really leaning towards making this a stretch goal. We've received numerous requests. The more you share, the sooner we'll get it in production!! You ROCK!! -The Escargot Team @Jody, you will decide on what version and connector type you want at end of the kickstarter campaign. We will not send out random Spixis. For more information, check out the FAQs. Thanks Jody for your support!! -The Escargot Team @Francois, we may do a stretch goal to provide iPhone Spixi in black. If our funding goal is met, this is something that is definitely possible. Thanks for your support and feedback Francois! -The Escargot Team THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT, SO WE ARE POSTING HERE: Is there an authentication chip in your design, have you coordinated with apple to be able to connect to the phone? Yes, we do have an authentication chip in our design. This gives it the full capability to charge and sync, like Apple's lightning cables. We are coordinating with Apple through an MFi-certified manufacturer that has their hands on the official lightning connector specs and components. This will ensure that Spixi will be 100% compatible with iPhone 5. We will NOT use "fake" lightning connectors- we will only use lightning connectors that are Apple-approved. -- This is posted in FAQs as well. There are reports from gizmodo and apple insider (thanks @David and @Kaleb) that third-party connectors will not work- Are partly true. The knock-offs and the fakes will not be fully functional cables or adapters. We are DIFFERENT- we are using an Apple-certified MFi manufacturer that gets the component specifications directly from Apple in California. This is the real deal. We want to make Spixi fully compatible with iPhone 5. And this is the right way to do it. Thank you, all you beautiful backers!! We just surpassed $11k with 285 backers!! -Paul & The Escargot Team @Jo, the LImited Edition in the F&F pack is the same as the stand-alone Limited Edition. Yes, this means it will be engraved with it's unique lot number! Your second question, we have not tried that scenario. But we have no doubt Spixi can replace your retractable cable in that scenario. Spixi will charge and sync, just like the original Apple or Samsung cable that came with your phone. I don't have/need a car, kinda the beauty of being a New Yorker, maybe we'll ask a friend or cab driver, if they can test this out. We'll let you know if we find out anything. Thanks!! @David, technically you could stand up the phone upright, but we would not recommend it, since your phone could easily fall over. And yes, making just a micro-USB connector with adapters would be cheaper, however we feel iPhone users don't like to have adapters. They like to have iPhone-made accessories made just for them. Regarding the message you sent me, I updated the FAQs about the new lightning connector and Spixi, how it is possible to make it work. Thanks again! @Arnold, Actually there is a neodymium magnet in our prototype. We did not market the fact it was there, because we wanted to see at the production level if the spring would create enough force to hold the connector in place. But to be honest, I think we are leaning more towards including the magnet, just for that extra security. And it does add a nice touch. Keep the great feedback coming! Thanks! @David, Thank you for answering Leonard's question. By you helping us out in this simple manner, believe it or not, it really frees up our time, and helps us focus on what's really important-- delivering the product. We are a small company and every little bit helps. Do me a favor, message me your mailing address. I want to send you a free iPhone 5 screen protector, as a sign of thanks. You'll get a sneak preview of the high quality packaging we plan on using on our products, that really sets it apart from the crowd. You'll know what we mean when you get the package :-). YOU ROCK!! Thanks! @Leonard, I think David answered your question, right? Thanks! @Heri, we do not disagree with you. We want it to be as small as possible and we want an extra long cable, but we quickly realized we had to make compromises. We do believe we can cut down on the size, and we are working with our supplier to see if we can try rearranging some components to accomplish this. But the question comes up again. Do you want smaller package, or longer cable? From our research we determined that our case study users needed atleast a 2' cable to connect to their laptop and comfortable talk on their phone. At Escargot, we'd actually like to make a slightly longer cable than 2' (maybe try to squeeze an extra 6") and keep the same outer dimensions. INTERESTING you mention the USB chargers. Here at Escargot we LOVE USB chargers (side-bar, we just got a sample of a usb charger that can charge 3 iPhones simultaneously, 2.5x each!) but they are not perfect. Perhaps there is a future opportunity there, but right now we are focused on cable management, particularly laptop to phone charging and syncing, without giving up phone functionality, and no tangles/clutter. We believe there is a market for people who face this situation consistently, and we'd like to offer our best solution Spixi to this crowd. It just happens to be so, that Spixi can work in other situations, though it may not be the best solution for every situation, such as your USB charger scenario. We can only say that we will continue listening to our loving supporters, and do our best to give them the products that they need and want. Thanks for your feedback! Arnold, a very good observation that you bring up. This is something that we have been considering since conception of the product design. There are two reasons why we decided not to make the device connector flush and we will try to explain our systematic approach: Firstly, we did not feel confident we could make a flush device connector in a 2"x2" case with a foldable USB connector and 2' retracting cable. (The device connector thickness is 1/4" so in the specs it lists 2 1/4" x 2"), after numerous calculated attempts of trying to find the "sweet spot" between cable length, case dimensions, and combination of folding connectors, we eventually determined we could make the overall size 'seem' smaller by leaving the device connector outside the case and putting it on its side. Having the USB foldable was a MUST for us, especially because it is a fixed point, whereas the device connector is on the end of the cable which would be dynamic-- move in and out, be pulled and retracted. Secondly, by using one case design for iPhone 5 (8-pin), iPhone 4/4S (30-pin), and Android (Micro-USB), it cuts down on tooling costs and tooling time. Which mean tooling costs are $30k instead of $50k, and it takes 2 months for tooling time vs 2-3 months. This way funding amount is lower to bring Spixi to life, and you can get it sooner than waiting an extra month or so. Having one case also helps us reach our minimum order quantities meaning, each order will contribute to the the required minimum (well, atleast in the case of the white versions since they share identical cases). We wanted to make an awesome retractable cable for iPhone 5, iPhone 4/4S, and Android, as fast as possible, and as low-cost as possible, so at the end, it benefits the most important person- you. I hope this explains why we made the decisions we did. But perhaps in the future when we are not strapped for cash, we will use your great suggestion. Thanks Arnold! Jo, Thank you! We think its only right to make cool products for our cool supporters! The Friends and Family pack would score you 3 Spixis and a Kickstarter-Exclusive Limited Edition, matching your macbook air/pro, or just to show off how cool of a supporter your are! Thanks!! Chris, we are targeting a $25 retail price for Spixi- for iPhone and all other smartphones. Scott, thanks for your very kind words. We know what it's like to be on the other side of the fence and there is nothing that bothers us more than a poorly communicating company, especially when it's an unknown company. We know it can get frustrating at times, and we're making every attempt to prevent that from happening. Thanks for your support!! Neal, the short answer is yes, but we do not recommend it at this time until we do further testing. Your question sounds similar to a question that was asked in our FAQs section- take a look and see if your question is better answered there. If not, I will try to give you a clear answer and explanation. How's that sound? Thanks! Scott, great question- please check out the new FAQs I just updated regarding your question. Please let me know if my response is not clear and you would like further clarification. Thanks for getting Spixi!! Bob, we will address your question in the FAQ section. Very good question by the way! David, thank you very much. You are a very cool backer!