@Jørgen thanks for your input. It doesn't change things, but thanks anyway. @W. Laging - you are incorrect - it is IP67. It is not a standard USB plug. Hi All, Firstly, the StormTag project is very much alive. The StormTag is still definitely going into production, although I'm waiting on a couple of things to align before I can proceed further (quote negotiations, lead times and so forth). I moved the manufacturing because we are now using a waterproofing process that was not *reliably* available in China. I'm using the delay to work on making the StormTag Apple HomeKit enabled - I already have one of the latest Apple TV's here to develop an Apple TV App, and we are MFi certified so you will be able to ask Siri: "what is the outside temperature", "what is the cellar temperature" etc. So far, the expenditure on the development of the software, hardware and industrial design for the project is considerably over the budget. This means production costs will be funded from company resources. Finally, I find little utility in posting updates or commenting here, it just unleashes a firestorm of negativity and abuse. If we can go a week or two without the hate, I might revise my thinking. However, I give the naysayers about an hour before I hear that's it's all my own doing, I brought it upon myself etc etc... <url>"heartbeat" updates - that is just dumb. 3. I am working on this and other projects, yes - they are taking longer than expected. 4. The follow-up emails sent to previous backers are offering kickstarter prices, if you choose not to purchase more product - that is fine - remove yourself from the list! Each email has a link at the bottom - it isn't difficult to unsubscribe. 5. Yes, I will block or report malicious, obnoxious or harassing tweets directed at me - what of it? 6. Some of you people need to get a grip and calm down, continually posting comments neither speeds up delivery nor changes anything I do on a day to day basis - I am already working as fast as possible. 7. I have every right to defend myself if people are being obnoxious and defaming me or my company. I will be dealing with defamation actions and seeking significant damages in due course - there is a lot of malicious intent with many of the comments. This forum is read in the UK, my company has a presence in the UK - <url>ウェザー - since you are not a backer of our other projects, maybe you don't have all the information. @R_Blake - yes, that will work @Shez - will do my best @Colonel - To change over to the plus or pro, you will need to click the "Manage My Pledge"button and change the reward and amount. @Joe - for data logging you will need the Plus or Pro version. @Pascal - thanks! IFTTT - Stretch goal achieved! Brilliant... IFTTT + StormTag is going to be awesome :-) Thanks everyone @Kevin - and wine cellar :-) @Matt - thanks! I am ordering parts today from our electronics suppliers, so it's all systems go! @MK - the charge cycles are sufficient to allow for more than 10 years of use. @Jake - no the iOS App is not a web page, it will be an App specifically built for StormTag. Data will be available on a web page and is visible now from Android devices already delivering data into the WeatherSignal network. @MK - it can be up to 60feet - 20m. It can be around 1/3 that if there are walls in a building. @Pascal - definitely a native App. @Dag - yes - the PRO is the same physical size. @Marcel - The solar cell is encapsulated in the plastic body and will be protected. @Dag, The battery in the pro version is sealed inside and cannot be replaced, it is recharged by solar panel. @Swampster - You will need to edit the reward. Click "manage my reward" button, then add the pledge amount for the product you wish to add onto the early bird amount you have already pledged. Thanks! @Dag, The range of Bluetooth means that you will only need to walk near the StormTag for the data to sync - just like activity wrist bands auto connect and sync. Correct - the Pro model never needs a new battery - so long as it gets an average of a few hours of light every each week. Plus it has longer data logging if you plan to not visit the location very often where it is located. @Dag - the pro model has a larger memory capacity. Battery life is a separate matter and both models should have around 2 years of battery life depending on temperature and a few other variables. @Frits - WeatherSignal is already launched for Android and will be released for iOS before StormTag ships. @R_Blake - The same basic engineering/design is required for all of these products with some minor changes to the enclosure for the PRO. I do not foresee any changes to the delivery date. @Shez - I'm working on improving that, thanks for your suggestion. @Daniel and @Reagan - The WeatherSignal App who we have partnered with already has an installed user base of 230,000 users (50,000 active) on Android devices. We'll be adding our functionality for iOS and all other Android users who have no weather sensors on their devices. The portability and convenience of the StormTag also enables personal weather/environment monitoring plus of course in home, cellar, basement, closet or outbuilding climate monitoring (which will obviously be isolated from outdoor weather reporting) @Edgar - we'll soon have MFI certification which will enable integration with Apple HomeKit, I will look at additional hub integration where possible or practical. @Rohan - Yes for IFTTT to work it will need to communicate via BTLE - and we're proposing to use on of the hub devices starting to appear in the market. One important thing I didn't mention in the update is Apple HomeKit, I have applied for MFI to enable this via Apple products. I'll have more news on that soon. No photos yet, ID will work on it next week. Thanks! Hi All, see the latest update! StormTag Stretch Goals: 1. IFTTT at $100,000, IFTTT allows for recipes, such as "if the temperature reaches X* send an tweet" or "if humidity gets to X send an email". Check it out here: <url>"stick on" mount for StormTag at $125,000, 3. Windows Phone SDK Support at $150,000. Please share the StormTag link with friends and followers and help us hit these stretch goals StormTag PRO: StormTag Pro includes all of the Stormtag+ goals, plus a solar cell and energy harvesting circuitry, it means that you will never need to change the battery - just add some sunlight every week or so. I've also upgraded the memory to take advantage of the virtually unlimited life - so StormTag PRO will be capable of 2 years data logging. StormTag Pro will also be a totally sealed waterproof unit. @J.T all customer service queries are handled as quickly as possible by our support staff. There are none outstanding. But as I said, you have commented anonymously (and slanderously) So I can't really look up any orders or help you. @J.T - thanks for your input. Clearly you are personally unhappy about something, but since you are posting anonymously I can't help you, please contact us through HEX3 customer support page if you need assistance for anything.Yes JaJa Stylus was delivered later than planned, AppTag was delivered later than planned both approximately 2 years ago, so no further updates or comments from me are required there? Nota was delivered on time. YuFu will be delivered 2.5 months later than planned due to some PCB issues. Updates for all projects are done on a schedule - at the bottom of each recent project page is a table explaining this schedule. My last comment on YuFu was 10 days ago, and an update will be made this afternoon. All backers can email me directly or contact us through the support page at HEX3. Other suggested stretch goals for the StormTag were going to cost quite a bit more in parts, but I can see a lot of interest for Solar power. A few other good suggestions were increased data retention, air quality sensors, wind speed, wifi and a milk frother :-) Apple Home Kit and MFI certification is something I have begun work on because it can deliver some great networking features... Thanks everyone for the suggestions. I'll be posting an update with stretch goals fairly soon. To the below comment, obviously this is what I get for calling out another stylus project for misleading videos and false claims. I have made several comments and updates on all my other projects in accordance with our update published schedule. At this stage, for stretch goals I'm thinking: 1. IFTTT at $100,000, 2. An outdoors mount for StormTag at $125,000, 3. Windows Phone SDK Support at $150,000. @Stephen - yes we are planning a UV index calculation so the raw UV data is easy to interpret. Hi All, This is tremendous feedback! I just got back from a weekend camping in the hills - very cold! I'll be tabulating all of your suggestions over the next few days and have a stretch goal plan soon! Thanks again :-) Jon @Jeffrey - The Kickstarter platform is awesome for all sorts of reasons! I have run 6 successful crowd funded projects so far and the Kickstarter community has helped me in a lot of ways financial assistance is just one of them. The most important thing for me is getting the confidence to develop and build the minimum order quantity at factories - which can be very expensive. Old style "corporations" have product design by committee they design and build products, ship them to stores and then half of them bomb. I can't afford to do this. I see Kickstarter as the beginnings of a new way to do this and it's a lot less wasteful - My company will always float our ideas on KS first, if they do well we'll produce the product - if they don't we wont. Another great facet of our Kickstarter campaigns is the huge amount of input we get from our backers - asking for features and telling us how they will use our product - just look at the 55 comments here: <url>¹Imp - we're considering Windows phone and will probably make it a stretch goal next week - still waiting on some info I need. Great comments folks - for more amazing uses of StormTag you should also take a look at the comments on Update#3! @Iloy - great idea, I think we should be able to create some very interesting data for you! Crop farmers will find data equally useful, from visiting farms out West I know that localised conditions can change grain harvest times - perhaps we can help reduce the use of artificial ripening agents (usually roundup: <url>"contact me" link under my photo ----> Thanks @Roderick - Our humidity and temperature sensor is open to the air (via a small filter) the temperature should be very quick to stabilise, since we are measuring air temperature rather than the temperature of the case. @Shilohtd - we are still working out if we can do a windows sdk. I will make a decision in the next week after I can discuss with the software engineers. And thanks for the pedge! @Gaston - Yes there will be a battery low notification. @Nathan, Quite simple to change. It's a CR2032 button cell battery. @Tony - yes, for accurate readings it will need to be outside. We have a switch in the App for indoors/outdoors. We also have some algorithms to determine if the readings are accurate - including the UV reading and comparing them to data from other users in the area. @joebar - sorry, I should have added that the sensor will deliver –40 to +125 °C *operating* range. To be clear the other number below is the tolerance specs, so it will be ±0.4 °C inside the –10 to 85 °C range. The tolerances are a little less accurate in -40 to -1 and 85 to 125, I do not know the accuracy in the very hot or cold ranges but will find out. The upper range is probably not as important for most people<!> - but I personally spend a lot of time in the mountains - regularly around -30 and StormTag will definitely work in this range! Sorry for the confusion! @Konkelenberg - we are thinking of adding tracking to the tag, but we don't want to impact battery life. @Andrew as an example, one of the many sensors we are testing has these specs for temp and humidity: Precision Relative Humidity Sensor ± 4% RH (max), 0–80% RH High Accuracy Temperature Sensor ±0.4 °C (max), –10 to 85 °C @Johan Thank you! @Ivan I'll add that to our feature request list! - thanks @Geremy - a developer API will be produced, we will consider Windows. @Matt - this is a chicken and egg problem - thankfully we have teamed up with WeatherSignal who have 50,000 users - it's explained more in this TechCrunch article: <url>"contact me" button under my profile photo - they go into an inbox for me, comments can be on any number of updates or the main project) I'll always do my best to answer in as timely a manner as possible! Thanks @Reagan - sorry I missed your query, thanks @Matt for answering that. @Ian - I am afraid due to the tight costs on the extra sensors in StormTag+ it is as low as it can go. @Kevin - not sure about the comment, maybe you made it on an update? Anyway, if you wanted to get both the Earlybird and also a StormTag+ you would need to get a friend to back it, the way KS is setup you can only choose one reward. Thanks! @Matt - Thanks! @Peggy - Thanks for that, and I'm looking forward to delivering StormTag - it's looking very promising that I can start ordering parts soon! Very exciting :-) @Matt - thanks for pointing that out - please take another look, one of my edits didn't stick... Hi All, I've just made an update with some extra sensors - I hope this answers some of your queries. @Robert - iOS App will come before launch. @Chris - The UV Sensor should help here, we also have an "indoor" switch in the App @JonnyX - I'm yet to fully spec the waterproofness, but I'm aiming to achieve sufficient waterproofing for all outdoor sports whatever the weather. (I want mine to work while skiing - and there are occasional wet icy days out there!) Thanks! @joebar - yes that's great - thanks! @Robert - I am discussing internal logging of data inside the device with my electronics engineer - more on that soon. Thanks Hi Robert, StormTag could definitely use humidity data. I am currently discussing the addition of logging and extra sensors with my electronics engineer. More news on that soon. Battery life is over a year, our transmission frequency is low and the length of time this transmission takes is very small, so battery life is great. The ability to separate the sensors from your phone is the main advantage. Also depending on your phone model, our sensors - particularly temperature - may be more accurate. Thanks!