@Sammi! Thank you man! Great day to hear that news! @Whorhay @david @Victor @Bob @Kenn @Justin @Abdul, thank you so much for coming back after all this time to drop some kind words and let me know you guys are happy. I really appreciate it so much. So happy to have such awesome people repping TGT!! @Alexander! Sorry to hear about that. We are reshipping your order today, so it should get to you soon. Thanks for your patience! @Titanium7, I appreciate that dedication!! We shipped your wallets out last week, hope they come to the rescue very soon!! @Anthony Louie, @Dean, @Lynn, @Nicolas, @Popinjay, @Rami, @gainground, @Marcelo, I appreciate you guys taking the time to come back and say all these nice things. REALLY cool of you! @kifkif,@Scott, @Stot, i hope everything is good now, we reached out thru <email>, but if not, make sure you write to that email address and we'll fix you up. Thanks again you guys! Official Update coming soon!! @Nicole! Ha, you're so awesome. Looks like your original package got sent back to us b/c of an error on our part, but I'm sending you another tomorrow. Sorry about that! Thank you for being so patient so far! @Jeff @Rhycochet @John @Chris @Lee and everyone writing in all these positive comments. I really appreciate you guys taking the time to do that! Thank you!!! @Lukan, I am emailing you now. Tracking info says it arrived Xmas eve, but sometimes the USPS eff's up, so I'll email you and we can fix you up. Btw, you know I'm from Libertyville too?? My family is still there! @nicholas, we still need your survey info, check the banner at the top of your page that says "Jack Sutter needs som info from you", it should lead you to an order form. Fill that out and we'll fix you up too. =) @Darren yup, we have it in the mail, so hopefully it won't be long! @MAL, Thank you! Sorry for misunderstanding. @Chung @Matthew, we are shipping the replacements over the course of the next week. @everyone who has emailed in the past few days to <email>, just found out there was a problem with forwarding and we weren't getting some emails. I'm sorry if you haven't been responded to yet, but we have all your emails and we're getting to them now. Thanks! @Dusty @Ted, We shipped to the people that filled out the surveys in the first two weeks first, and we are shipping to everyone who filled out the survey later, now and over the next week. Definitely haven't forgotten about you though! @MAL, we've emailed with you a bunch, I recognized your name right away, so not sure what you mean when you say you haven't heard back? The last time we emailed we told you we were shipping to you on Tuesday, and we did, so you're all set. =) We're still working hard everyday- anyone need anything, don't hesitate to reach out to <email>! So happy to see so many have recently arrived! Thank you for all the positive feedback, much appreciated!! The last of the Stone backordered wallets are shipping tomorrow, 372 of them. Wahoo!!! @rhycochet, yours is being shipped tomorrow, just checked. =) @mark, i searched for you in facebook, and <email> and can't find any of your messages. just looked up your order though, and it was shipped on Dec 18th. I'll email you and we can figure it out. @Jansei, yours also shipped Dec 18th, so I've emailed you. We will definitely sort it out. Thanks for all of your patience so far! I have appreciated it so much! Stone Update: We began shipping the backordered Stone wallets on Friday of last week, and have been shipping them everyday since. We have shipped over half of the backorder, and the rest will be shipping over the next couple days. FINALLY! Trust me the wait was harder for me than it was for you! @Americana replacements, I'm shipping them right after I finish shipping the rest of the Stones out. I appreciate everyone's patience so far so much! @Matt @Zoheb, @Jim, @Gordon, @Steven @ Brett, @Stephan you guys all ordered the Stone, the backordered wallet. So no need to worry, everything is happening to get your wallets to you as soon as possible. As I said in the survey, there was a delay on Stone orders because I was still in production on the black and white elastic. But It's finished now and we've been making your wallets this week! Hooray! If you're done with the wait, anyone who ordered a Stone is welcome to switch it to any of the wallets available and they will ship tomorrow. Just let us know at <email>. Otherwise, sit tight and we will ship them to you very soon! @Jörg, no, it won't apply to the Stones, so you're good. =) @Mirko, @Solefeld, @Alexander, you should reach out to <email> if you haven't yet, and they can replace your wallet if it was lost in the mail. Really sorry you haven't received them yet! UPDATE: Stone elastic is finished production!! We will begin to make the wallets this week, and will begin shipping them by the end of next week. @Manoel, that's bonkers, they'll be hearing from my lawyers! Can't believe they even stole the 1.0/2.0 thing. Everyone who sees that should comment that it's a cheap knock-off and let people know where they can get the real thing. @Yukihisa, you were emailing my personal address which is why it slipped through the cracks., your order is on its way though. @Yeuk, you can spot clean clean them with a little bit of soap and warm water, but try to avoid the leather. @Dusty and anyone else who responded to the survey after the first two weeks, you are in the second group of backers getting their shipments. Those will start going out next week. @All, we are still working on emails all the time, if you haven't been responded to, please continue to be patient and we will get to everyone very soon. @eric! you got it! Definitely gonna keep at it. @Alina, Thank you so much! @ryan, yup, email <email>. @George, I responded to your email this morning, you're all set, Cowman 2.0 on the way. @ Joe, hit me up about the dues at the same email address above. @Brett, that's for repping dude! You have the Stones on order, check my last comment, you're welcome to switch them out for any available wallets if you don't want to wait though. @MCG, there are five ppl responding to emails, we do it as much as possible. We got your email and changed your order to a Cowman 2.0 so you should be getting it very soon. =) @Peter, your trick worked! That's amazing! But see below and hit me up for a credit for having to pay those dues if you want to. @Yukihisa, you will definitely get your wallets, but you didn't fill out the survey, so you need to email me your details. @Michael, You're right, I was misinformed. Thanks for that info! @Laster, schweet. @Laura, yup, I think Rachel got back to you. @Carlos, glad you got those, but you'll get the other one too, that was a shipping mistake. Sorry about that but enjoy the bonus! @Alex @Ross YES! @Liz, sorry about that! Hit up <email> and we'll take care of you. @Rodrigo @Simon, @Ervin, @Marcus, @Ramananthan, EXCELLENT!!! @Dalton, the best way to ensure a response is to email info @tightstore.com, we are getting to each one of them, it is just taking a little time. There are three (sometimes four) of us and we should be caught up very soon. @Prowl, I agree 100%. I spoke to a professional shipper about this before we shipped, and was told that anything under £22 would not be subject to dues. I agree that the support was partially a gift/partially for the reward, and rewards were labeled $10 for 1.0s and $25 for 2.0s, which is £6.5 and £15.3. If the packages were labeled the full price $32, that is £19.6 which is still under the limit. I don't understand why you were taxed. In the future, packages will be shipped within the UK so will not be subject to dues, but in the mean time, please reach out to <email> and we can give you a credit for the amount you spent in dues. @Frank, if you reached out to <email>, you will be responded to as soon as possible and we will get you the right wallet. @Joesf, I don't want to put an exact date on it yet, but it will be very soon (probably the last week of January). @Darren, it shipped on Dec. 14th, if it hasn't arrived by the end of this week, reach out to <email>. @Dave, you are waiting for a Stone, see above, shouldn't be long. @Kevin, awesome! For the other wallet, reach out to the email and we'll fix you up. Still going through the emails everyday, and are going to get to every single one. Jen, my friend who helped me create the first TGT, is helping out now! She'll be taking care of some of you via email, so give her a shout if you hear from her. @Rami, We just sent you an email about your replacement, I think you'll be happy. :) @MCG @Aaron, the Stone timeline is in the coming weeks, but I don't want to nail down an exact time, because I'm still working to get the elastic right, and i don't want to rush that. I expect the whole production to be completed within a few weeks, and the wallets to be made and shipped after that. We are prepared to make them as soon as we are finished with the elastic. if anyone wants to switch out a Stone for a wallet that is available now, let me know by emailing <email>. I will hook you up. @Jesus, All I can see is that everything except your backordered Stone shipped on December 14. Sometimes it takes a few weeks for a package to clear customs and be delivered internationally. I would give it a week or so more and if you still haven't received your order, we can replace it. @Manoel, your Stone is still backordered, but no problem to switch, see above. @everyone dropping love, THANK YOU! So happy to feel the support and hear the positive feedback!!! @The rest of the missing Disco Easters are shipping tomorrow, thank you for being patient with those! @Teck, I just checked it out and your order shipped, but your tracking number is not giving you delivery status information because the USPS isn't able to track packages once they leave the US. This is true for all international orders. To UK backers who were charged customs and Royal Handling fees, please reach out to <email> with your info (backer name/pledge level) and I will try to make up for those unexpected fees. All, everyone who kicked in on Kickstarter is getting their wallets, I promise. The TGT team is still very small, and it was hard to grow it during the holidays, so we do ask your patience in getting back to emails. The estimated shipping date was December. I tried my best and succeeded in getting most backers their wallets, but due to the volume of orders, I need a little lee-way in finishing the job. About emails, Rachel, Nick, and I are going to be in email overdrive until everyone is responded to. We've been going at them hard today and will continue to do so. Due to the programming error that caused orders to be split into two (Disco Easters coming separately), and other issues related to the rush shipping of 7,521 orders domestically and internationally, there have been a LOT of emails coming in. If you emailed a couple weeks ago and didn't get a response, I'm sorry. At that point it was only me, and some emails may have been overlooked. @International backers, the USPS does not provide international tracking for First Class mail, so please don't use those tracking numbers, they shouldn't have been sent. I'm learning a lot from this project, guys, and it's going to help me serve customers better in the future. I really appreciate the support and kindness coming from so many of you, can't tell you how much it's meant! As always, am grateful and happy for all of your feedback.. @Josh, yup that Stone is backordered too. @Nicolas, yes orders were split a bit so will be arriving separately. @Patrick, your tracking says it was delivered on Christmas Eve, if you could help by talking to your postman or local USPS about it, that would be helpful. I'm sending you the tracking number now, and if they can't help, reach out again and we'll see what we can do. @Seize, your order is for a Stone 2.0 so it's backordered, but will ship as soon as it's available (this is true for all Stone orders, as mentioned on the main Kickstarter page). @UK backers who are being asked to pay dues, I'm really sorry to hear this. I discussed this with the shipping facility and we thought the price we claimed for individual wallets should have fallen under the limit for Royal Handling fees, but obviously some did not. We couldn't claim them as gifts because we'd be at risk for fraud. In the future, I will be shipping locally from the UK so no dues will be required, but for this shipment we had to ship from the US. @backers who want to track their wallets, please check your SPAM folders for something from ship4u, and if you can't find anything, email <email> and we can track your package for you. There are many emails coming in everyday, and we're responding to as many as we can, but please continue to be patient and understanding, we haven't built up a big enough team to tackle it all as fast as we want to. @Casey, I can't delete comments on here. Maybe you left the comment on one of the updates? So happy to hear all this positive feedback! @David @rhycochet @Sira @Lance @Greg I checked your orders and they are all for Stone wallets which are backordered. I will send you these wallets as soon as they are available, which will likely be at the end of January. The shipping confirmation for these orders were sent by mistake due to a programming error. I'm really sorry about that. Everyone who received a partial or incorrect order, hold tight, the rest of your order should be on its way. If your wallets have not arrived after the first week in January, please email <email> and someone on my team will track down your wallets and make sure you get them. Still working on getting to all the emails, thanks for your patience so far! @Michael, btw, that Christmas Vacation moment. Feel like I was there, put a huge smile on my face. =) Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays everyone!! Very happy to hear so many wallets arrived already safely, and that so many of you are happy with your TGTs! Thanks also for letting me know about any order issues. Producing and shipping over 10,000 wallets in less than a month for the first time was... challenging. So definitely there were some mistakes, but email <email> and let me know about any issue, and I'll make it right as soon as I can. @Desmond you can also email with the Disco Easter problem and I'll get it replaced asap. Thanks for letting me know. @Yong-Soo That gap will mostly go away after a little use because the seams will flatten out. If it remains a huge issue for you, let me know via email and I'll help you out. THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE POSITIVE FEEDBACK! Really made my day! Hey everyone! Wallets should be arriving on Monday too, so keep hope alive for Christmas Eve delivery! The shipping was divided by region. TX orders should have all arrived, west coast states (NM, AZ, CA, NV, UT, CO, WY, ID, OR, WA, MO) should all have all arrived by Monday. The remaining states also shipped over the past four days, and I'm putting all my hope in USPS for three day delivery (but I know the holidays are tricky). International orders all shipped the week of December 12-16, but there was a programming error on some of these orders so there were missing some Disco Easters, and RPJ 2.0s. This is being fixed, as well as any domestic errors, partial orders, and back orders, so everyone will receive all the wallets they ordered. All emails going to <email> will be responded to as soon as possible. Thank you guys for being so encouraging, understanding, patient, and awesome in general. Happy Holidays to all! Wahoo! Great, so glad they are on their way to you!! @rami, very sorry to hear your RPJ request didn't go through in time. Can you email <email> and I'll try to make it right? thanks @David! Yes, I'm working every waking hour on this, and I've got a group of great friends at my apartment folding the cases and checking each wallet before they are boxed I've got another team helping me with shipping, and a bunch of really amazing people in Rhode Island, New Jersey, and New York making these wallets every day. You guys have given jobs to a ton of people this Christmas season! I'm sorry if i can't answer every question right now individually, but as soon as I'm able to I will. Thanks for your patience and wish me luck with this shipping operation! It's starting!!! @doug, aiming to ship Dec 12 for international and Dec 18 for domestic. @josh, Kickstarter emailed me telling me their developers are working on it, shouldn't be long. Heading to Rhode Island tomorrow to work on expanding the TGT production. =) Excited to be meeting so many great people that are excited about this. Please be patient with messages and questions, I have been making production and fulfillment my full time job so the wallets get done on time and right. All messages will be responded to as soon as possible In the mean time, G'nite! @david, I just wrote Kickstarter about it again. I will write them again later this afternoon if they don't get to it. @robert, no problem, but would you mind sending any order change requests in a message. i've gotten a bunch of requests, and my sister is going to work on making the changes in the excel doc through the messages. keep in mind there have been a lot of order request changes, and with this volume of shipments, 7,500, organization is pretty challenging, and changing your order could potentially delay your shipment slightly. @rhycochet you got it, black it is. and thank you! @darren, you should message me your wallet choices and I will add them to your order. @kevin, it wouldn't hurt to message me about that just to be sure. @david, thanks! @rami, still making my way through the messages, and my sister is starting to help me out with them too, so we will note all RPJ switches and change them. This also goes for vegan leather switches, please let me know via message. @John, I can't change anything on here, but if you go to tightstore.com, you can make additional orders there. I'm trying to overproduce now so I can fill those orders right after I ship the Kickstarter rewards, aiming for before xmas (except the Stone, which will still be delayed). @justin, The rubber in both elastics is very durable, I was referring to the fabrics used to make the elastic being different. The fabric on the Americana is a softer, lighter material, where the Cowman has a denser, thicker quality. @Dylan, the first 450 Stone wallets are reserved for the first 450 backers who supported the project when it opened, regardless of reward level. The survey response time is not included. So happy to see you guys so involved! I'm finally getting a chance to visit the comments, I have had quite a day- literally all over the city and Jersey, from factory to factory in a rented Ford Focus in the rain. Quite. A. Day. It's all coming together! And I just finished the backer surveys at every reward level (LE Stone 2.0 survey seems like it has a little bug preventing it from going out, but Kickstarter is working on it). So I think everything's moving at a great pace. I'm going to get to all your questions, comments, and messages, but it might take me some time. To get everything running smoothly with production and make sure I can deliver the wallets in time, I have to work in the city away from a computer. During some of the hours I was was away today, I was averaging twelve messages from Kickstarter backers every ten minutes! That is a lot of much wanted attention! So thank you! Not being able to get to all the emails and comments right now is definitely a great problem to have, but I don't want anyone to think I'm not listening. Please be patient and I will get to all unanswered questions as soon as I can. And thank you all SO MUCH for the kind words on here tonight, it really is a great thing to see before going to bed. I have another big day in the city tomorrow, but I will be on here to work on these questions as soon as I can. In the mean time, g'night! @mauricio, you got the black Stone 2.0, which comes standard. To be clear, it's not the first backers to respond, but the ones that came in first to the project. But don't worry, the new Stone elastic is being worked on now. @Yukihisa, Thank you! You will get your wallet soon. :) @Marcel, please write in the email field a special instruction that you want the vegan leather. @Ashlei, here is a photo of the former model: <url>