Hi all. We have a shipment going out Mon/Tues and final replacement flasks made and ready to ship to us to ship to those with problems and those final few who still have not received their reward. This last shipment - after multiple qc rounds in China - still had issues so we had to go through them again here to separate problem flasks from passed flasks. Our factory just can't get high quantities right and we are solving that for the future but we are stuck w this process for now. In terms of our customer service, we do apologize. Starting tomorrow we have freed up resources to communcate w backers in a way that's informative. We know people just want their flask(s). Hi all. We have a shipment going out Mon/Tues and final replacement flasks made and ready to ship to us to ship to those with problems and those final few who still have not received their reward. This last shipment - after multiple qc rounds in China - still had issues so we had to go through them again here to separate problem flasks from passed flasks. Our factory just can't get high quantities right and we are solving that for the future but we are stuck w this process for now. We are noting every complaint and preparing those to receive shipment if they did not. 100% of the backers will have their pledge. Fred is managing all of its obligations and if you back manufacturing projects on KS you will find that challenges arise. We have a few backers to complete. We are not at all skating any of our obligations. Unlike a piece of clothing or a simple item, Fred has been through a lot of pain to make this product bc it has never been done before in our shape. Stainless Steel is a very difficult material. We could have switched to lesser aluminum bc it is softer. We did not do that. We are almost at 100% fulfillment. Coolbee333 and others. We have returns and we're going through data to id who did not receive. We will be sending out replacements and those not sent this week. Yes, Pride is our fulfillment partner. Good news! The balance of the flasks arrived to our fulfillment house in CA today. We are sorting and sending them out starting Friday! Will send an update with delivery schedules. Good news. The balance of flasks landed at SFO and the extra thick washers are with them! Waiting on customs and will begin packing out and sending. Look for an update when passed through customs. Once through customs we have control finally. - The Fred Team @eddyoneil Thicker washers not yet here. @danobrien Yes, we are very sorry about all this. We are not making excuses, we are dealing with a tough situation and fixing it in ways we cannot describe on a public forum. We will post pics and news of the shipping release. @jesselenton We never promised Fred for xmas, that would have been Amazon. We did say that you could gift Fred by supplying recipients with a note saying a flask is coming. This is Adam - one of the founders of Fred. These comments are getting completely out of hand. Many ks projects have manufacturing challenges and delays. This all seems sketchy because of missed deadlines but we are not sketchy and this project is not either. Our bottles are arriving and you will be receiving your flasks and washers shortly. The factory, we believe, is not happy that we failed so many of their bottles and we had to work through that with them. The passed quantity of flasks satisfies the balance for backers. 4 out of 5 backers today have received their flask and if you do not have your flask, it is coming. In terms of communications, we are reachable but if your question is "Where is my flask?" the blanket answer is they are close to arriving. We know this is rough and we are making the right decisions to finalize this project. You backed us and we will make this all up to you not only through fulfilling our obligations. I will upload pictures of the passed bottles for those most skeptical. Very sincerely, Adam To our backers who have never worked in China: You have every right to think we are bad at what we do, incompetent, etc. But imagine telling your factory that the washer needs to be 2.7mm thick in order for the flasks to seal. Imagine receiving, 2 weeks late, thousands of washers that are all 1.5mm thick instead. Imagine ordering 500 of one color and 200 of another. Imagine receiving 700 of the first color and zero of the other. Imagine a culture where lying is considered good business and if you catch the lie then that earns you respect (rather than causing shame or embarrassment). This is not unique to Fred. We are waiting on the 2.7mm washers, promised to arrive in 1 week, and we can ship out the rest of the flasks. We are hiring a new team in china to manage this going forward. This team will be living at the factory every day. It will cost us a lot of money, but it is required. Please bare with us, it's down to 1.2mm in washer thickness - a piece of food grade silicone. - The Fred Team @adrien We are working on a solution packet for people with the leaking issue and for the scratch cap and sending out all together. We are waiting on this from the factory. Hello, We are attempting to satisfy everyone as fast as we can. Our campaign expenditures are completely unrelated to the amount of time and attention (and money) spent to completing this project and moving to a better manufacturing process going forward. Sending update now. Close to receiving balance of bottles. Some day we will tell you what it's like to work with factories in China. Issues noted in this comment are better to go in Messages. Either way, we are responding to each of you in comments because the issues noted are repetitive. If you have a problem, we do recommend you scroll down on comments because they are very likely addressed as well. Also, approx 2 weeks for rest of colors and orders to ship. - The Fred Team Please send issues to <email> and they will be handled. If your cap is leaking, it may require 2 washers. If that works, email us and we will send out a washer that is thicker. There are two reasons one would taste or smell steel. Dirt or high sensitivity to drinking water from steel. For those with this problem, we suggest filling the caps (without seal) and bottle in very hot water and a drop of dish soap and letting them sit for an hour. Be careful, the bottle will be very hot. Rinse really well with cold water. For the most part, it's getting used to drinking water out of steel. The quality of steel 18/8 is odorless. If anyone has an issue w their order email <email> with pictures. If your cap leaks, use two silicone washers. If your cap scrapes when turning on, try the cap with no washer. If it no longer scrapes, email us and we will send you replacement washers. Complaints here will not get addressed. Thank you. Rick. Response to your post below. Rick: Received my army green flask in the UK today. First impressions were great. The finish on the bottle is flawless but there's a fault with the thread on the bottle or on the supplied caps. With the green cap it's tricky to get the threads to engage. When you do, whilst everything appears fine as you start to screw it down, as you tighten it begins to sit unevenly on the bottle - not by much but enough to look bad. Fred Water: Yes, we have rejected many for this reason. The issue is with the spout or the ledge of the spout or the cap thread height or a combination of all three. If it is off by more than 1.5 mm on one side, we tried different caps. Of course, some can slip through. Please let us know. Rick: Tried the brushed steel spare cap to see if it did the same. It doesn't as the steel cap seems to be a different size on the inside and goes virtually all the way on without engaging the thread - only needs a quarter turn to tighten when the thread engages. Does it leak? No, not with either cap on but getting the cap on is fiddly and the fit of the green cap bugs me as it's not straight. It's just a few millimetres but it takes the edge off an otherwise fabulous looking bottle. Fred Water: If it's a few millimeters, send us a pic please. Also, on the cap that only engages a bit, did you receive extra washers? There are thinner washers for that issue, if it leaks. As noted, these bottles are hand made. Quality and speed are not friends. We have standards for what passes and fails so if you think you have a serious issue, please let us know via messages. - The Fred Team Duane et al. Yes, we are responding to people with questions about their flask. In terms of the status of the balance of bottles, we have not had information that could get you closer to knowing the timing. The predictability of this project is very poor as a result of the amount of hours required to make our bottle by hand oversees. Clearly, it goes without saying, the factory over promised. We are controlling the elements that we can control and attempting to minimize the areas we cannot control as best as possible. But this combination costs us on speed. We are refusing bottles with quality issues and then new bottles need to be produced to replace those bottles. Shipping by air, which saves approximately 30 days, is very expensive. We have been doing it and will continue to do it. An update is going out today with a stated 'ship out to you' goal on the balance of the bottles (orders that include white, kickstarter green, light blue, orange or marsala). 3 weeks from now is the stated goal (based on the information we have now). We appreciate your support! - The Fred Team Jess. Place the large loop around the bottle (small loop for your finger). It works better this way. In terms of the small loop around the spout, the lack of consistency of space below the cap causes some to leak. So we made the alternative option, which works well. - The Fred Team @erictoe for some people, the steel has a taste. Try dropping a lemon slice in for a day, helps a lot. It's not an issue w the material we use, it just takes getting used to for some. Note: With many flasks arriving, Message volume has ramped up. We will get caught up over the next 3 days. Bethany, send a pic. It is extremely unlikely to be rust, more likely discoloration. Please send pic to <email> Theo, It is easy to make simple comments about using updates more, which we have used them alot, and comments and especially messages. We have 4700 people across 65 countries and 7000 flasks which can be a combination of 81 different variations of colors. Updates is insufficient for communicating a single person's status given the delays. Eric. There is no glue anywhere on the bottle. Just food grade steel. Email data was not transferred to many from ncoa data cleanup and so many will not receive an email but we do have all the tracking numbers. Please message, we can't respond in comments effectively. 1. If no seal in cap or in box, that is an error. Message us. 2. To clean, we reco a dab of dish soap and hot water then lemon and hot water. Also BOTTLE BRIGHT on Amazon. 3. Loop Lanyard usage. Place large loop around bottle, small loop is for your finger. The other way doesn't really work because we ended up removing some space under the cap due to design issues. @kyle, Message us and we will replace. Patrick Scherer, Message is w the issue. Sorry that happened. 7000 flasks, 14,000 caps. Shluld not have slipped through. Jess, to be fair, correction. You did update in the survey and the staff did not update the fulfillment file. Alot of data moving around. New flask sent to VA today. Apologies. Jess. Be fair. You did not follow our message to you. Messaged to you... "We are requesting that all addresses be entered into the survey. Mainly, so we don't make errors transferring the info into it. Also because we cannot keep up with demand on address changes." @FredMcFarland With all due respect, you told us that you were complaining to Amazon and handling it with them. This was over concern of the shade of the Army Green color, which we clarified for you. It looks awsm and it's precise to official Army Green. It is arriving to you via FedEx tracking no 624361000471 Brushed/Steel/Charcoal Orders (not including other colors). All US are in the FedEx Ground system. Some of you should already have them. Be worried in another few business days and contact us via Messages. All INT'L feeding out country by country and almost completely completed. USPS. Tracking numbers will hit your inbox if INT'L. @Wolli.Wood. Our 'messages' inbox is 100% answered. With 4600 people, that's the place to get the answers you need. If an individual wants to know the status of their flask, simply message us. Thank you. All flasks are shipping out or have been shipped out. If you have not received the email and you are outside the US, you will any day. We are pouring through each and every address to make sure it looks correct. Unfortunately, in many countries, we cannot verify and if it looks at all strange, we are messaging you to confirm it is correct. Some provided their address NOT in english and our system does not recognize non-english letters or symbols. With the exception of a very few, all are out or will be out within days. This is for the brushed, charcoal and/or army green. Update on the other colors shortly. - The Fred Team @danobrien This is a bit much. The campaign ended on Dec. 31 and was orig. promised to ship some time in Jan. Not in time for Christmas. Note: US Customers of the charcoal, brushed and army pledges will not get an email because we ended up using FedEx Ground in the US instead through a faster fulfillment house. They should all arrive in the next 4 to 5 business days in the US. All charcoal, brushed and army green bottles are sending out now, if another color was not included in the pledge. The rest will be shipping soon. - The Fred Team We are shipping out. IF you have a change of address as of today or this week, please MESSAGE (don't COMMENT), MESSAGE your new address to us immediately. Thank you! - The Fred Team Hey all. 2,443 addresses include only the steel, charcoal and army green flasks. Those are mailing out Wednesday. The balance are en route to the states. Some delays with qc. We are sending out a message to the 2,443 letting them know via bulk email and sending another email out to the rest with the timing for their shipments. - The Fred Team People have asked a couple questions that we want to clarify. A. Someone asked about coatings on the inside. The natural chromium oxide layer that forms over stainless steel is what keeps it food safe. We have made sure that the weld material is high food-grade stainless (high chromium %, which is what you want for that protective layer). B. This 120 day delay (orig estimate was end of January) was the result of 3 things. 1. It is really hard to make our bottle. I know people are making funny comments about how easy and simple it is. Some do not recognize the difference between soft aluminum and hard stainless steel. Steel is forever safe, but much harder. The stamping of the bottles (and retaining the alignment of the two sides so they line up) was a process to get right. When they are off, they had to use too much weld and we rejected those. You see, round bottles are easy because they are purchased in already-made tubes and then the bottom and top are welded on. Our bottles are stamped. 2. Communication with our factory has been a real challenge. We believe in only dealing with the top person when it comes to projects like this and so we are dealing with the owner. But it requires translators. He is a good guy and he is trying like heck. But we have been rejecting bottles and so they had to slow down their process to keep quality to our standards. The original estimates on speed of production were way off, but appeared reasonable when originally estimated. So every night, we talk with the owner. And we have visited on numerous occasions. A day is a week over there when it comes to making any changes to our bottle. It requires changing the parts that make the parts. These parts are hardened steel and altering them is not a fast process. It took 30 days to make our mold, 24 hours a day, as an example. That was completed on time and that is why we estimated end of Jan for shipping. Of course, we had many samples that passed. But that was because they only made a dozen or two dozen. Not thousands. Thanks to your support, we had to order 7,000 flasks. 3. We have 4500 people (across 60+ countries) and each, reasonably, wants their flask now. Because of the complexity of 8 colors and pledges that include 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, and 9 flasks (mixed and matched across colors), in trying to send out passed brushed flasks, we created confusion because the back numbers are all over the place. Backer number 3,000 might have ordered just 1 brushed flask or backer number 3,000 might have ordered 1 of each color. We want to get everyone their flask and trying to communicate with each person is taking a lot of time. Each of you are worth the time, but we receive everything from "Good luck getting through this. I understand. My job includes manufacturing in Asia." to "You are lame. You don't know what you are doing. This should be so easy." We can take it all, but in the meanwhile we are simply focused on completing this and getting you flasks we are proud of. The factory has the final flasks completed and they are packing them up. As soon as they are in the air, we will have 100% predictability. Before they are in the air, we do not. Not because we are lame, but because communication is challenged and things that make sense to us don't play out as one would expect. This is the reason for not putting up another Update to all. Note: 99% of all steel bottles are made in Asia. Because of how labor intensive they are to make. Finally, we appreciate those who understand that Kickstarter is not a store. It's a community of people backing business ideas. We are 120 days late, and we hate that. But you backed us and we have a great product that took longer and it is in fact getting sent out to you. And from there, we will continue to get better and our business will succeed. Thanks to you. You got us here. - Adam and Ariel (co-founders) All of the final flasks are shipping to us in days. The day they do, we will have exact dates of shipping out. - The Fred Team Every single person is getting their flask. Final set of flasks preparing to ship to Fred to immed go out. George, looking into. The status for some countries says that even though it is sent. Every single person is getting their flask. Final set of flasks preparing to ship to Fred to immed go out. All of the brushed steel, charcoal, army green are heading to us by air to be immed shipped out. They were QAed and boxed there. We will notify when they clear customs. All of the other colors are a week and a half behind those. If anyone reading this has dealt with chinese manufacturing on a first major run of a product, you will understand. Thank you for your patience and feel free to message w any other questions. Rod, We held the factory to a high standard and this caused delays. We are through it now and they are shipping to the states to immed send out. I assure you this has been more painful for our company than you can imagine. But you will have your flask shortly and we are happy with the final outcome. - A I would describe this project as incredibly painful but worth it in the end. I would also describe the project as whack-a-mole. We solve one issue, another pops up. We solve that, then another. Through the process, bottles are making their way to PASS and we're shipping them out. A high number made it through and are heading our way. So, the pass rate is increasing. The mole is popping up less and less. Clearly, this is unacceptable. But we have no choice at this time. We must power through and we very much appreciate your patience and understand your frustration. - A @Jared and all. All of the rest of the Steel, Charcoal and Army Green have passed the 11 point inspection and they are being air flown to us in the states to immediately send out with a fast fulfillment house. The rest of the colors are supposed to get on a plane to us next week and we are on top of doing everything we can to make that happen. I am cautiously optimistic about next week versus the following week because of how unpredictable everything has been. For those not following, we were rejecting a bunch for issues. @Jeff You ordered color flasks. Please read the update. Best. - A @linda We did not collect the payment through paypal. So we need to just pay you, which is why we need your email. Thanks much. - A @melissa You are in the queue but your backer number is on the high end. Should not be too much longer. - A The surveys are left open for change of address. When we give delivery dates on them you can determine if you need to change the survey which is a click away on our project page. Logged in, go to your pledge and click on it. Undergoing color qa to ensure high satisfaction. Will have results of those on Tuesday/Wednesday. Will update then. Didn't say we jumbled up the numbers. Backers who ordered 1 brushed only were sent first (because colors are not ready to be sent) and the backer numbers are not sequential. Backer 3 might have ordered a brushed but backer 4 could have ordered orange. @jeremy spray Gotta admit. Nice to hear! @taylor you will not be disappointed. @xiao We were not able to do and let you know that. Some have their idea about how to handle their order differently. Times 4,500+ people times 6,800 flasks times 13,600 caps and 13,600 washers and 13,600 stickers and 6,800 lanyards, 4,500+ boxes, 4,500+ shipping labels after performing a 10 point qa check on 6,800 bottles and 13,600 caps. We are not able to make changes that would seem simple to a single person, it will cause us to make errors. @ken Not ignoring. Will go through tomorrow. Accounting handled. @frank We have been using the Fred flask and testing it against other stainless steel water bottles. Zero difference. Have you used stainless steel bottles before? @dave We started shipping International day 1. @annmariepfohl When we made the labels within pledges for brushed steel bottles only, the label making program mixed up the order of the backers and so some did receive bottles out of order. We cannot guarantee exact accuracy but we are trying. - A Wash your stainless steel water bottle thoroughly with water, some mild soap, plus 1 teaspoon of baking soda. In the end, there is zero leaching into your water and it's the smell you might not be used to. But in a day or two, you will not notice it any longer. @rayraysayhey place the cap, washer separate, bottle in the dishwasher bottom rack. That will do it. We will be sending out an email to the balance of people who will be getting bottles from final chinese shipment w timing. We are undergoing an intense qa at the factory now, packing orders in individual boxes there for shipment to all at the same time when they arrive here. Labels for all are awaiting them. - A @thesanfrancisco et al If using the lanyard, use both washers in the one cap (rounded edge of washers facing up). Wash spout facing down in bottom dishwasher and place cap and washer separately in silverware holder to wash. @thadeus message us and we will send you a couple new caps and washers. - A If you want to know, message us with the name on the "ship to" and we can look it up. Sometimes different names are used as kickstarter usernames - making it difficult. Color are not ready to ship so if you are an early backer and you ordered a color, you will not yet have it. Make sense? They all stand up. Some of them rock a little. Obviously, we can do better. But they do stand. - A The bottom needs to be a separate section so it can be molded with an indentation and we tried that but then we had yet another weld inside and the tolerances made it hard to match up (at the thickness of our bottle, which is already thicker than other bottles). We think we have a solution but it will require r&d. Which we are beginning. China. On our 3rd qa firm. They are made by hand and I think they are really nice. Improvements to be made in the manufacturing process? Yes. Robert amd others w a change of address, please update the survey. Login, click on your pledge and change your address in the survey. Thank you. We should be up to 4000 from 1000 soon but we are performing very strict qa and will have more info very shortly. First, it is weld which is food safe. We have increased our attention to the problem w qa and if you have this issue we will send you a new one or provide a refund w a picture of the weld. It must be a bubble. Message us with your desire. All, a Great product for cleaning your bottle is "bottle bright" tabs avail. on amazon. Makes cleaning super easy. They were on Shark Tank and they are grt guys. - A Chad, Because the bottle is not round, you will find imperfections as much of the bottle is made by hand. Round tubes are far simpler. In terms of something rough near the inside of the bottle, that is safe and expected based on the current process which will not change for this run. A bump of slag is not acceptable. Please advise which you have. - A Giulio, First production pain, not amateur. - A These have been QAd out. Missed these w weld. Will send replacement. Message changes of address pls. Sf, While safe, we will replace those. They got past qa. Will send out. Sf, While safe, we will replace those. They got past qa. Will send out. Sf, While safe, we will replace those. They got past qa. Will send out. Sf, While safe, we will replace those. They got past qa. Will send out. Toladib, Are you talking about something that feels like a bump? - A Toladib, Are you talking about something that feels like a bump? - A We are fast and furiously sending out brushed. Color coated shipping out next week. We ran into qc issues and spent a lot of time removing them which slowed us down. Will send new update in the next 24 hours. If you get yours, please let us know. Dave et al The Flasks look good but we decided to qa each one stateside and found caps w the laser etching off center. We made process improvements at the factory and removed those and will begin sending today. Painting for color is late, starting tomorrow shipping to us end of week (w cap laser center improvement in place). Please know that this has been way more difficult than anticipated but we are getting there, working around the clock. We appreciate positive comments and your oatience a ton! Thanks!! Brushed flasks are here! Shifts of people packing, as of this morning, every day all day, two 8 hour shifts a day. Starting w backer #1, will send emails to each person as their package hits the post office which will be daily. Color flasks heading this way shortly to join brushed in this fulfillment frenzy. I understand the frustration everyone. We are super close to hydration in your pocket. All, when you send a change of address or color change in messages, we got it. We are getting hundreds if not more messages from people wanting to converse back and forth and it's not possible to pull resources away to converse. Please don't take as rude. Updates and comments are where to get info. Fred is in customs at sfo, should arrive tomorrow at our office but could be Wed. We are doing everything we can, that I promise. - A Sf, what direct message? Did not receive. Hi all. We are waiting for them to arrive, any day, in transit. The minute they arrive, we will send out and notify you that they were sent. - A @Theo I will publish order dates as they get sent out. Hey all, first 50% of the flasks are heading to CA by air. We spent 2 extra days on QA. See Update schedule for details. We will show pics of them getting packed for delivery to you. Earliest receive first regardless of country. More to come. Jaymes, The color coatings are rated to be durable at well over boiling. Jaymes and Daniel. Pictures sometimes don't show well, but yes, the brushed caps are mirror finish on the top with our Fred badge laser etched into the cap. On the durability of the paint, we are using the best paint available, however as you can imagine, paint on metal is going to scratch if you take a key to it or drop it on pavement. Skippy, there is a great product called Bottle Bright (effervescent tablets) on Amazon. We are using them and they work great. Hello. I did say that I would post an update and it took longer. We were working out a schedules. Apologies. We are project managers as well and we are being careful to make sure this product is perfect and the chinese new year means not all of the staff are working though we do have some working. I promise to send a schedule and rather than have approval delays, we are traveling back to handle approvals ourselves. This is our first run and small things are coming up and we are not willing to compromise. Thank you. @Dono Boyer III and @Soltyk The cap is identical to what you orig saw and what is on our project page. The cap is flush to the bottle. It is double walled which is why you see some w the outter shell. I will be posting an update tonight. If anyone has a change of address, you can do so right in the survey - it is editable. Or you can message it to us. Hey all. In the survey, you can update the address. See KS instructions here: How can I view or change my survey responses? If you’ve already submitted your backer survey, you can review your response by visiting the project page and clicking the 'Your response' text in the bottom of the reward tier you selected. If the creator of this project has enabled address changes, you’ll notice an option at the top of this modal that will allow you to change your shipping information. If the creator has not enabled address changes, or you’d like to modify your responses to any other questions on this survey, reach out to the project creator directly using the 'Contact me' button on the project page to request any changes. If you can't figure that out, simply message us. Hi all. We have had some more delays and it is extremely frustrating. Very stressful. There are a couple positives however. 1. The factory delays have to do with small unforseen issues requiring improvements. Welding speed, sandblasing w a smaller spout. They have been solved and the quality is very high. I will post pictures in the morning. 2. Parts are all stamped and welding and sandblasting is well under way. Also, they are committed and in fact many of the staff are working into the holiday. Not stopping. I will post pictures and begin to release mailing schedules. Thank you for your patience. - Adam Hi all. Adam here. Welding issues solved, working on expediting production run shipping to the states to ship out. I will know more shortly. Please check here and updates as we can't handle each inbound question re ship date. Getting real close and psyched about the quality. Hi all. Adam here. Welding issues solved, working on expediting production run shipping to the states to ship out. I will know more shortly. Please check here and updates as we can't handle each inbound question re ship date. Getting real close and psyched about the quality. Read the Update. Yes, we will send out based on those in line first. - Adam To all of our supporters. We are getting a lot of complaints that the KS Green and Marsala were released after the survey went out and some want one of those colors (when they thought they did not) OR some DO NOT want one of those colors (when they thought they would). We were not able to release the two colors before the survey went out because we didn't have the images. If you are unhappy, please message us with the correct color - the color you want. We will sift through the messages and update your survey. Please do not message us and ask if you can or complain, it's better to just message us with what you want. BUT, please be clear because there are 2 greens. ARMY GREEN and KS GREEN. Please specify. Thank you! - Adam Check updates for production and general responses to your questions, including questions in messages you send us. - A t-miyajima, Please try again. Ruth, Yes. - A Jack, the two new colors will be up shortly. - A Ruderis and everyone else filling out the survey. I had the same issue when pledging for other Projects and filling out the survey. Resulted in '404 Not Found.' The good news is we are receiving the data from the 2 people who have experienced this with our Survey. Ruderis, we have your info! - Adam Use this link <url>… <url>傅明軒, Sammy, Karma on shipping, Unfortunately, we go through a number of processes in the US before shipping out. Sorry :( Nathanael, We need all of the color flask pledges to be color flasks for color minimum reasons in production. If we made an exception, which seems perfectly reasonable, it would be unfair to others who asked the same question. If you really want a steel, make the $23 pledge and let the color pledge go - it will get swiped up by someone else. Wish I could help more. - Adam Connor and others asking about the leather sleeve. We are fast at work on the design and design considerations of the leather sleeve. This will become available on our site as soon as we can get it launched. Mathias, Yes, do that and add $4 if going to the US or 8 if going International. Skippy. All of this has been avoided for three reasons. 1. Very experienced production managers who work exclusively with Chinese manufacturers with feet on the ground and nightly conference calls. 2. Personal on site visits and alot of time spent prototyping with the manufacturer in China before launching Kickstarter. 3. Very detailed and professional project management function in place at Fred. We have produced and sold this same brand/shape in another material (live in market across the US). We leave no stone unturned. You are right that this requires a lot of expertise. We are on top of it. Best. - Adam Jack We are underway with production now starting with the first pledges first. We will send out a survey the day after the Project ends and provide updates on shipping / timing depending on the time of your pledge. Jeremy C. It costs $1 more for colors. Benjamin We are always looking to innovate. Great suggestion! On your question about heat, there is no technology. It gets hot. The original design is made for water, not hot water. Though Stainless Steel is safe for all liquids and we will be innovating a sleeve that greatly slows heat transfer. P.H. We are underway with production. We noted 8 weeks in our Q&A. We will provide more certain timing upon sending out the survey and grouping pledges - first come first serve. Akeel The leather sleeve option has to go through many phases of design, prototyping. We have many considerations including additional materials that provide different properties. But we are working on it. Julian, I checked with our social media person and you received a response. - Adam Brad - We are working on the viability of the Kickstarter Green. The minimums might be high, working on it. - Adam P.H. So far we are looking good on timing. - Adam BaSILB and Jeremy, It costs much more than an extra $1.00. The bottles and caps have to be transported to another facility, coated, then go get the laser engraving (whereas the brushed can skip this process) then get handled differently at every step of the process to make sure each person receives the proper color. Hope this helps. - Adam Hi Charlotte. Thank you for the love. Back atcha! It is dishwasher safe. Happy Hydrolidays! - A Zach - at the end of the Project you will receive a survey asking you which color. Eldar - Food-grade stainless steel can hold alcohol safely. - A Hi Carol. The quality and workmanship of our bottle is off the charts high. - Adam Stretch Goal: We are strongly considering offering a stretch goal for the Kickstarter Green color. Any takers? Our bottles are manufactured in South Mainland China at a factory that we have personally visited. We have a strong daily working relationship with the owners and we are very pleased with the working conditions, expertise and the quality. Bhurut, We are using a product for the coating that has been tested extensively on stainless steel and the results of the tests tell us that this is THE best coating on the market today. It is the same coating found on the outside of the highest quality stainless steel pots and pans. - Adam Hi Alan, Yes, the stainless is right in between the 20oz and the 13oz plastic flasks. It is smaller. - Adam Good news. The colors are up and we have solved the Pantone color matching problem. The Flasks will now be color coated with an extremely durable paint made specifically for stainless steel AND the colors will match to our Pantone color desires precisely. Also, the coating is even more durable than the Powder Coat method and the matte finish looks even better (zero 'orange peel' - google if you don't know the term). We are super pumped! We have struck a balance between strength and weight, it feels really good in your hands and pocket (filled). jennifer, the brushed steel is just straight steel. The colors are powder coat colors. - Adam Hi Natalie. Great care has gone into every detail of our design. I just uploaded a picture of the spout (seen on the bottom of the PHOTOS Section of the Kickstarter Project Page). We used thicker food-grade stainless steel (compared to the bottle) to make sure drinking from the Water Flask would be comfortable and not at all sharp. Before thickening the steel, we considered rolling it. But we were concerned that doing this would cause issues with cleaning the spout, so we decided to avoid hard-to-clean spaces and widened the spout instead. Hope this helps. - Adam Oops, Typo: "look lanyard" should have been "loop lanyard." Hi everyone. A few responses to the below questions in one Comment post here: 1. Leather case. Looking into this but we do want to consider coverings that provide more insulation properties (perhaps). This is not to say we are not also considering Leather. 2. The look lanyard you see on our project page loops around the threads and the cap then screws over the top of it. Pretty simple, and effective. 3. The gauge is thick, you can barely feel it move when you really try to squeeze it front-to-back. Barely. 4. Production is beginning! 5. Due to color minimums, if you want a brushed steel water flask, manage up your Pledge to the level that says "brushed steel" available. 6. Julian, on FREDWATER.COM, click contact us (provide your zip code) and the team can send you back stores in your area for the PET Clear Plastic Water Flasks. A store finder is launching on our site soon as well. Thanks everyone! - A Alan, yes. That is the black color. - A Specs image getting updated w weight and dimensions. - Adam Will let everyone know when photos of colors are up. Matching pantone chip is taking a bit. - A Blake, you will receive a survey at the end of the Project where you will have an opportunity to choose your color. - Adam Mike, the mouth is approx. 30mm. - Adam Alan, shipping in Jan. Yes. - Adam Thanks for the feedback! - Adam Kenny and Nixolus, Though not the initial intended us, we are working on sleeves that insulate for hot liquids. - Adam Hi. 1. 2 is at the $48 pledge level. KS only allows 1 pledge. 2. Yes, sharing on your social channels is super appreciated. And the video is fun to share. 3. Water will stay cool in the flask. Hi Alex. It is a screw on cap, so as long as you tighten it, it will not leak. The cap's silicone gasket presses against the spout for a reliable seal. Hope this helps. - Adam Hi David. Food grade stainless steel will not leave a taste, that's the beauty of it. And how safe it is. - Adam 1. Color pics coming soon. 2. Will look into heat tint Lars. Great idea and truly a unique one. 3. Matt. Thanks for the complement on our vid! 4. On green, we have an Army Green. In terms of a KS green, not out of the question. - Adam The Team at Fred is humbled by the support we have received thus far. We're halfway to our goal and just a few days in. Thank you does not even begin to characterize how we're feeling. As Rhys would say "Sell the Papers!" We can't wait to get you one of our Fred Water Flasks! - Adam and Team Yes, it will. Hope this helps as long as you tighten it down. Of course, be careful if you change altitude. :) actually :( - Adam We can hit that Pantone color! It's a great idea. All ideas are going into a bucket to review weekly. This one made it in there, didn't bounce off the rim and miss. :) - Adam Hi Elle, Color choices will be at the end of the project when we send out a survey asking you to choose. And we will have studio shots on our site by then so you can make a confident choice. Hope this helps. - Adam Hi Matt, we will definitely have nice studio shots of all colors so people can feel confident about their choice. Yes, limited edition colors are a good idea. Trying to keep it simple at first (simple like Fred), but we will definitely have many cool things in store over time. Thanks so much for your complements. Always give us feedback, good or bad. It makes us better. - Adam Brad, they are identical except for the color. - Adam Yes, they are powder coated - for durability. I'm not even dressed like a scientist, but we are using this technology to color our Flasks: Says WIKI... "Powder coating is a type of coating that is applied as a free-flowing, dry powder. The main difference between a conventional liquid paint and a powder coating is that the powder coating does not require a solvent to keep the binder and filler parts in a liquid suspension form. The coating is typically applied electrostatically and is then cured under heat to allow it to flow and form a "skin". The powder may be a thermoplastic or a thermoset polymer. It is usually used to create a hard finish that is tougher than conventional paint. Powder coating is mainly used for coating of metals, such as household appliances, aluminium extrusions, drum hardware, and automobile and bicycle parts." International has now been opened to all Water Flask quantities. We did not anticipate the kind of demand Internationally (which we are psyched about) and so we want to serve that community with more offerings. If anyone ordered 4 when they wanted 2, they can go in and change their pledge to 2. Sorry for the confusion. We are looking into offering 2 and 8 for International. The reason we did not to start is because shipping at those sizes makes the per-unit shipping cost unusually high. 4 is the best rate on a per unit basis. But with your desire for 2, we will get back to you right away and may just open it up. Will be in touch. - Adam Correction on latest comment: "strong, but NOT heavy." Typo. Sorry. - Adam Hi Irawin. On the Stainless Fred Water Flasks, we went for a hefty but not too heavy weight. So it's strong, but heavy. The recyclable plastic versions are available online at fredwater.com Thanks! - Adam A question was asked about the Cap. It is 100% stainless steel, including the thread. With a food-grade silicon gasket under the cap to prevent leaking. - Adam The best thing about Kickstarter is getting feedback like this. We are taking all feedback and working through the process of identifying priorities for implementing new ideas. We will keep you posted as we progress. Thank you!!! - Adam We have tested the Fred flask and the differential between the temperature outside and the temperature in the bottle does cause sweating as you would expect. But it's not enough to cause any real issues. If you really get it cold with ice, it sweats more as you would expect. We do include the Loop Lanyard for these times. Also, R&D does have sleeves in development as a next step, but not for this Kickstarter timeline. Best. - Adam Yes, it is safe to use hot water but note that the bottle will get hot. It is not insulated. Pledges for single Fred Water Flasks are either stainless or choice of powder coat color. Pledges for multiple Fred Water Flasks allow you to mix and match between stainless and powder coat color. For anyone who chooses a color, we will send a survey at the end asking which color you would like to receive. Images of the White, Charcoal, Army Green, Orange and Light Blue will be uploaded and we will post an update when they are up. Note that they match the color chips shown on our page. Does this help? Best. - Adam Hi P.H At the end of the project, we will send out a survey. It may offer the stainless steel version to those who chose powder color coat. But we will not know until the end of the project, based on minimums of each color, etc. So if you want to be sure, you should pledge at the stainless level. If you want to gamble, choose the $19 pledge level. - Adam Hi all. First, thanks for your support. A few are asking about pledging for 2 or more Fred Water Flasks. If you scroll down, there are 2, 4 and 8 qty. options. 1 and 4 are setup for International, 2 and 8 are domestic only. For any multiple orders, we will survey you at the end of the funding to ask which colors you want. Does this help? Best. - Adam