Dearest backers, I apologize for being MIA - BUT during this past month the entire project has gone through some tremendous and exciting (great) changes. I've only been working on this game - full time - in fact -TOP SECRET- Beta v1.0 was just finished and is currently waiting to be distributed by the Humble Store to all the Beta backers AS WE SPEAK! ...or as I type? Anyways, it should drop by this weekend! Really! This past month, and even more so - this past week has been insane. I actually just relocated to Arizona last Saturday -had to live in a hotel, find a place to live AND buy an overpriced bike from a sleazy pawn shop so I can get to work (7 miles everyday - which I love) on the project in person with the SFG team. Great things are happening. As soon as I get some time (tomorrow or Friday) I WILL CREATE AN EXTENSIVE UPDATE with all the details. This may seem a little like rambling - but it's only because I've been creating room designs since 10:30 this morning and have been living on a diet of coffee and ramen (which I also love). Things are great, I'll tell you ALL about it soon! Now I have to sleep or into cardiac arrest. Shame to hear about the other project you backed but Crystal Catacombs is far from being a "failure". As far as updates go, I would suggest reading through the August 16th KS update/check out the latest Developer Video. When there is something news worthy to report, I'll release a new update. @Octo, the best way to keep up with the current happenings is to follow Crystal Catacombs over on Facebook. I don't usually post here on Kickstarter unless announcing bigger news (which yes, I do plan on - sometime soon) Overall, development is moving forward. Every new build of the game is a small step forward! Stay tuned. The 'once was Halloween Update' should be posted by Friday evening. Release dates! Hey guys, I've recently been working on compiling a nice, new update for everyone. It should cover a lot of questions. In spirit, eh? I'd say everyone who entered won because I'm actually using some of your suggestions for inspiration. Thanks Nicholas! I think Steam is doing something that a lot of indie game developers are going to appreciate. I'm definitely planning on trying to get Crystal Catacombs involved with Greenlight. Side note: We're working on getting the official website up and running! From there, you can follow on the development of the project and pre-order the game as well. I'll keep everyone posted here on Kickstarter! We might just hit that map editor yet... A big thanks to everyone who has entered into the realm design contest! I've seen some really good entries! Even if we don't hit that goal, you might just want to keep a close eye out when you sit down to play CC... Maybe one of your ideas might show up. ~Vercoln, I think we can make an exception for major power outages :) I can't wait to see your entry! Veav ~ I sure did. Love the old references! Hey friends, just curious... Are you guys planning on participating in the Realm Design Contest? I can't wait to see what you come up with! To answer both of your questions: We've been hitting as many sites as possible. I've personally reached out to Kotaku a few times and am hoping to hear back from them. They helped us out a ton last year. Goooooaaaaaallllll! Amy, you were SO close... one minute before you pledged, my buddy Dave pledged the last $15! You're all winners in my book! Who's going to be the one to cross the goal line?! Photo finish! Norm ~ Unlockable characters are always fun but unless I was to sell my solid gold house and my rocket car... I doubt Nintendo or Konami would relinquish those rights. Devon - You might just be in luck. Check out the Crystal Realm Design Contest for details on how you could win a boxed version of the game... and something even coooooler. Good question Xiru -. Upon death, you'll be able to revert to your last save point. There are two ways to save your game - one would be by using the save point inside Vasil's airship, the second would be by entering a Save Chamber, which can be found randomly located throughout the Crystal Realms. 6K! Thanks 220th backer! :D Also... Friends from The United Kingdom (Southampton, Southport), Paris, Germany, Moscow, Barcelona, Athens, Israel, Budapest, Stockholm, Norway, the Netherlands, Finland, Australia (Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth), New Zealand, Brazil, Canada (Vancouver, Toronto, Nelson, Penticton, Saskatoon, Calgary, Georgetown) and dozens of cities here in the states have all shown their support for Crystal Catacombs. THANK YOU PLANET EARTH!! Thank you! It's great to see so many veteran backers returning to show support again! ~77%!!~ Hey everyone! Thank you all for the awesome support. The funding is going really well so far AND we've still got 27 days left! ...I'm stoked. :D Brad ~ We'd love to port Crystal Catacombs to as many platforms (Linux too!) as possible! The different platform versions of the game will most likely be determined by how well the fundraising goes. The better the outcome, the better chance for more platforms! Matt ~ I completely agree with you regarding the indie games platform on Live. Our goal was to shoot for XBLA first, but if this were not possible, we'd gladly focus our attention on the indie games section. This first week is going great, lets keep it up! -Maxwell