Excellent to see BoB is arriving throughout Europe. Glad to hear people are happy with how it looks. Hope you all enjoy the game play even more. I was hoping to have better news by now, but the games for European and Canadian shipment have not yet arrived at Ideaspatcher. The ship from China reached port on February 6, 2016 as planned. A couple weeks ago Ideaspatcher stated that there was a delay in transit from port to their warehouse, while late last week they are now stating it's being held up in customs. I have emailed Ideaspatcher again this morning for a more detailed update, but my contact appears to be away at the Cannes Toy Festival (hopefully checking his emails while gone). I apologize for the delays. If any of our backers from France have any ideas as to why this may be occurring or other steps I can take to expedite matters, it would be appreciated. Once European fulfillment is underway, I'll post a formal update. In the meantime, I spoke with Ideaspatcher today and am told the current ETA to their warehouse is now early next week, with games shipping out within a day or two of arrival. The ship reached port on time on February 6th, but Customs seems to have been a bit slow and trucking it from the port to their warehouse has taken longer than expected (a week ago the ETA was early this week). Please be patient and you should be receiving your copy soon. Glad to see everybody's been receiving their copies safe and sound. Thank you all for the kind words. I am very happy with the production quality (it's especially nice to see how easily and cleanly everything punches out) as well. We do have a couple other game ideas in the early planning stages, including an expansion to Builders that adds a new district along with a couple new game mechanics. However, that's probably looking at 2017 given its scope. To try to keep up interest in Builders of Blankenburg, there is a mini-expansion planned for later this year. During play testing, my daughter participated a lot, so I agree that kids as young as eight or nine can play and enjoy the game. They usually have difficulty forming as strong of a long term strategy, but I know my daughter surprises me at times. If you come across any rules questions while playing, please feel free to contact me, or post on BGG, since I keep an eye on that as well. Hi all - I have been posting updates, but neglecting the comments since they had been quiet for so long. The games are supposed to be on the ship out of China as of today, 12/29/15, though I have yet to receive confirmation from the manufacturer that this has occurred. Transit to the US/Canada is estimated at 22 days, plus a week to ship to you once received. For the EU, transit is estimated at 31 days, plus about a week to ship once received. If your address has changed, please email me the update (<email>) or message me through Kickstarter with the information. I will post another formal update once I have confirmed the games are on board the ships and headed to their destinations. Thanks. Hi everybody. I'm out with the wife for a few days for her birthday. As soon as we return I will start gathering all the latest art for the print and play. The will be made available to everyone by Friday, along with the surveys going out. Thanks. Thank you everyone for making this happen. I was hoping we would hit a stretch goal or two at the end, but too many pledges were fickle. However I'm looking forward to placing the deposit with the manufacturer as we move into pre-production. In the mean time, I will pull together all of the most current art to get the print and play version ready for all of you. The full art print and play will be included for everyone getting a physical copy of the game. At first the included print and play was going to be the non-art version, but it's easier for me to just have one version for everyone and will make playing the print and play more enjoyable for everyone. Thank goodness it was only temporary. I was trying to find a way to actually get a hold of somebody at Kickstarter when it corrected itself. Thank you all for your support, and thank you Steven for the final push over the finish line. As Steven had mentioned, I had offered our immortality backers the opportunity to add a second likeness to the game at a discounted price, the same way backers at the game level can get a second copy deeply discounted. It looks like I had disconnected right before we hit funding, so apologies for lack of an official announcement last night. On the bright side, it saved you all from seeing my happy dance, which probably would have scared some of you away. As we become one of the "ending soonest" projects today, our fully funded status should help attract more backers. Good eye, John. You managed to steal my thunder before I posted the official update. But in all seriousness, you've all earned this with your support. As cliche as it sounds, I am humbled by this whole process. Thank you. Even a dozen or so add-on copies will push us over the finish line. I've been working through the numbers from the manufacturer on some of the upgrades and think I'll be able to add a stretch goal or two into the basic game. More details to come in tonight's update. We still have some of the Master Builder sets available if anybody wants to upgrade. Unfortunately, Kickstarter does not let me know how many people have starred the project, though I can see how many have viewed the video. If just a fraction of those who viewed and didn't back ended up starring the project, we should have a lot of 48 hour emails in people's inboxes. David - I agree that the 48 hour reminders should help push us over the top. I'm off in a few minutes to demo the game at one of our local gaming shops. Hoping to get some more backers there to give us a running start heading into the final 48. When I get back tonight I'll be posting another update (possibly a "we reached the funding goal" message). As soon as we hit funding, the first few stretch goals are very easy to claim, so that should help momentum as well. Thank you all for doing the hard work of spreading the message. I wish I was at Origins, it would be a lot more fun than working. Unfortunately, not going to make it this year. Prototypes have only made their way to game review blogs, and to game stores here in southern California. I'll try to be at the conventions next year when we have a finished product in hand and may have an expansion prototype then as well. The art is progressing along well. We have completed almost all the events, about a third of the structures, and a handful of the people (citizens, characters, visitors). The artist is currently working on more of the visitors. So overall, I'd say about a third is accurate. This is the only project the artist is working on at this time, so as soon as we fund she expects to have all the art completed fairly quickly. Obviously we're holding off on most of the people art as backers have the opportunity to have their likeness used for those cards. Aaron - If there are fewer resources then there are bids, the lowest bidder would leave empty handed. Statistically, this is very rare when looking at dice probabilities and a number of cards that add to the bid. However, in those rare cases a player has to decide if they want to take a risk of getting nothing, or take the sure thing and bid zero to gain silver. John, welcome to the party and thanks for helping us meet the BGG goal. I'll update the page accordingly once I get off work this evening. We remain on target to pull through in the final 48 hours. Thomas - Sorry to see you go. I see we've got two other backers who have returned from the initial campaign - welcome back. We're also 2 backers away from 200 and only 1 BGG fan away from our first stretch goal. I've been waiting to change the graphics on the stretch goal to show it unlocked. Somebody please help me out and become a fan. If you swing by BGG, thumb up the pics as well to help us earn some hotness and some more traffic this way. Eleven thousand is in the rear view mirror now and we're heading towards twelve thousand and 200 backers. At latest check we only needed 8 more BGG fans or 63 Facebook page likes to add extra cards to the game. Hopefully we can get past those numbers over the weekend so I can update some of the stretch goal graphics as unlocked. David and Gianluca - Thank you for keeping the comments flowing. I appreciate the interesting backer profiles. After a stagnant day and a half we have started getting some momentum back. If we can add just $500 a day, we will be in great shape and just about funded when the final 48 hours hits. Raymond, thanks for becoming a fan at BGG. I will be adding some more card art over there and if every thumbs them up, it might improve our BGG hotness. I have also added some avatars people can snag at the bottom of the campaign page. Joseph, regarding the Master Builder edition, by default it would have cardboard silver, because the cost to upgrade 120 coins is a lot. I am looking into options for upgrades to see if anything is feasible. In addition, if we can build some more momentum and start reaching stretch goals, then a lot of these upgrades are definitely possible. Gianluca, thank you for your enthusiasm. I had put together a few avatars last night and then promptly forgot to add them when I posted the update. They will be added tonight once I'm back home from my day job. I will start adding more of the updated art to BGG as well. By the way, very nice backer interview. I consider myself very lucky that my wife enjoys board games, though there are certain types of games she refuses to play. Like your wife she hates to lose, so some games get kicked out of the rotation for a while following a losing streak. When it comes to the print and play, the version including full art was only going to be for that specific tier. Everyone else will receive the early play test version from before the art was added. Both print and plays will have all the same cards, but only the paid version will eventually match the production version with regard to art. Glad you liked the ad. I'm hoping lots of people are curious and decide to click through and check us out. With regard to the earlier comments regarding the town, it would be Blankenburg am Harz, the one in the foothills of the Harz mountain range. It's not 100% historically accurate obviously, since there was no cathedral in that town. However, there was a town hall, a castle, multiple chapel and churches, etc. that line up with what you're building in the game.