Hey Timothy, So sorry for the delay. We are shipping your Hydration Shirt out today with the extra Inserts as promised from our last email communication. I apologize that it did not get shipped out two weeks ago with all of the other Grey Hydration Shirts. That was an oversight on my part. You will get an email with the tracking info as soon as it is scanned in by USPS. Thank you again for your support, and I do apologize for the mistake. - Doug Hey Gavin, thanks for reaching out! The Grey, Blue, and Pink Hydration Shirts are on their way to us now. We sent you an email yesterday which you must not have received. I resent it to you directly through Kickstarter, so please let us know if you do not receive it. Otherwise your Hydration Shirt will be on the way as soon as it hits our door!!! - Doug Hi all, While most Shirts have gone out over the past month, there are a few size/color combinations that are still in the works. If you haven't heard from us directly, we will be reaching out to you individually the next few days if you haven't received your Shirt yet (several are currently in transit as well). Thank you for bearing with us as we get this project off the ground and rolling! You can reach us directly at <email> with additional questions. Hi Patrick, Time files...a lot going on here, but all good news. The nuts and bolts: 1) Production is on track 2) Final shirt samples are being shipped to us today for approval with the production line ready to go. 3) Colored fabric has been secured. Thanks to our KS backers, we are also in the process of: 4) developing a new product that will change the game for our police and military. 5) securing a major endorsement. Look for a major update (including visuals) Friday! Production is moving along! We have been working on finalizing our material purchases and getting the various colors squared away. We will send a visual update on this early next week! Thank you so much Lake! We are super excited to reach our goal, and are thankful to you and everyone who has supported us in this project! What a great suggestion Timothy, and thank you so much for your support! As soon as we have enough backers from a particular region to make bulk shipping an option, we will certainly switch to that wherever possible. We continue to explore the lowest cost shipping options right up until the day we ship, so that every one of our backers can guarantee their package will arrive at the lowest possible cost. Help us spread the word so we can make this dream a reality! Thanks for the support Alexander! You are awesome! Wow, thanks for the continued support Ondrej! We can't wait for you to enjoy your new Hydration Shirt. Great question Ben. The Inserts are not visible at all while in the Shirt, and were specifically designed to be slim enough to not impede any motion of movement. As far as your sagging question, the mesh used in the pockets was specifically chosen because of its ability to stretch to accept the Insert, but to remain taught enough to hold them tight. So far in our testing, of both the prototype Shirts, as well as our Hydration Sleeves, we have had no reports or instances of sagging. One of the benefits of not only manufacturing our Hydration Shirts in the United States but also choosing fabrics that are Made in the USA, is the quality control and testing ability we have had during our R&D. Thank you so much for your support, and please let us know if you have any other questions! Good afternoon Ondrej! We are working on lowering that cost as we speak! We have found a shipping option that will significantly reduce the cost to ship to our International backers, we are just waiting on word back from Kickstarter as to how to adjust the pricing. We will post an Update the second we have the answer, and we will send you a message personally so that you know exactly how to make the adjustment. Thanks again for your support! Thanks for your support Daniel! We are looking forward to you sending us some pictures of you on ice, wearing The Hydration Shirt! Thank you for your support Ondřej Lasák! Thank you for your support Carol!