@William---good catch there. the instructions were present for at least a week or two but for some reason they have disappeared, this seems to be a problem on backerkit's side. Here are the missing instructions on what to do with your download code: Copy your eight-digit code and enter it at <url>—Yes, that is the plan! We are planning to have an add-on system post-Kickstarter where you can add on a shirt, tote, coloring book, USB, CD—all of those things. We haven't talked about it yet because we found that the add-on thing confused people in the past, but you WILL get access to the "add on store" in the Kickstarter survey, and—unless something unexpected happens—you will be able to add on your USB/other things at that time! @Eli—Me neither! Those last three shows at Denver Comic Con were a blur, and I'm usually very good about remembering plugs! Thank you so much for finding us! @Jason—it would be a very expensive stretch goal, and with data we've collected, we don't believe the demand would justify production. Consider yourself heard—perhaps we will do a vinyl-exclusive crowdfunding project at some point to see if we can make it work. We're getting a lot of good questions about stretch goals, add-ons and coloring books in our messages. We will be setting up an add-on system and everything and will post an update soon! We are waiting to hear on an updated quote from the printer before we can price everything out exactly. Thanks for your patience. We also have new SNAKE TOTES coming soon, keep an eye out for new reward levels! Getting so close to the first stretch goal! Thank you so much, everyone who's pledged so far!! You're the best around! We did it!! Goal met!! Thank you so much everybody! Look for an update later today! Thanks for the suggestion @Ali! It's a thing we'll keep in mind for the future, but not part of this Kickstarter. @Andrew—yes it will! @gbskimber — great question! I think this will have to be a post-kickstarter determination! Lots are available a la carte on thedoubleclicks.bandcamp.com, so that may be the easiest way to complete your collection. :) @Cary Glenn—HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Thank you so much for your support! Halfway there in 5 hours??! Thank you so much, team! @Chris Mortika - Thank you Chris!! @Michael Kuroda! Good question. Tentative answer: 4GB! @Becca — thank you for backing! This is a good idea, we just don't want to promise anything we can't follow through on. :) @Alex Rosenberg — this is a good question! I think maybe you should send us a message when we're in fulfillment mode and we might accidentally slip an extra button in your package. Seems easier than an add-on system. :) @Christina M — thank you!! @Ryan Spence: we wanted to be ready for you :) @Thomas S Darragh — I am seeing that on your pledge as well, although we have selected all the "no shipping required" and added no shipping cost to that tier. That is very strange, we will look into it!