@ Carlos Camacho: This is not a scam! I have produced the product and shipped them out. You can report the project but you will feel awful when you receive the product shortly. That is completely false, all the wallets have shipped to my Kickstarter backers. I have not sold any wallets to my friends in school. I will be posting an update tonight. All wallets have gone out as of 12:00 today Today was my last final. I am flying home tonight. Every wallet will be shipped out by Wednesday. @damian rodriguez: I'm sorry you feel that way, but that is simply not true. Everyone I have had prototype the wallet loved it and are still using it today. This is my first design and I use the same thing I am shipping you guys on a daily basis. Instead of bashing my design, I would really like feed back on what can be improved. That is what the design process is all about. @damian rodriguez: I'm sorry you feel that way, but that is simply not true. Everyone I have had prototype the wallet loved it and are still using it today. This is my first design and I use the same thing I am shipping you guys on a daily basis. Instead of bashing my design, I would really like feed back on what can be improved. That is what the design process is all about. Hey guys, I will be sending Thursday's shipment out today. It's delayed because I got sick and to boot, it's finals week. @Jesse Young: Yes, I sent out wallets today :) I also have wallets ready to go out on Thursday. @Jesse Young: I go on break next Tuesday for one week. That's is when every remaining wallet will be shipped out. Yes they are still being shipped out. Siew, i am finishing the US orders first, then shipping out all international orders. @Leo Elizondo: Yours was shipped out yesterday! Thanks for all the support man!! @Jeremy Anderson: They are going out in order of the backer. Eduardo, The euro version is designed and I am waiting for them to arrive from my manufacturer. I will have them soon and will be shipping them out. Receiving* Cameron, You should be reviving your wallet tomorrow. It was shipped out on Thursday. I hope you enjoy it! Josh, I'm sorry about that. I'm trying to get these out as soon as possible and I missed that comment. Send me a message with which color of each you are wanting and ill resolve the problem. Yes. 20 or more depending on how many I can get done in one day. Also, your wallet went out on Thursday. The wallets arrived yesterday! I Shipped out 15 packages yesterday and will be shipping out another 20 today. The wallets will be arriving tomorrow. I had them overnighted. I will ship out as many as possible tomorrow. I also already planned on sending everyone extra bands for the trouble. @Nathan Brooks: Trust me Nathan, I wish I was kidding. Getting screwed by a close fried hurts. It's caused a huge headache for me when I thought everything was covered. Hey guys, wallets are shipping out 10-20 a day in order of the pledge. Sorry for the delays and late responses, things have been very hectic as to be expected when moving but we are pushing through. My main goal is to get you guys the best wallet you have ever owned! All wallets will be shipped by monday :) again, very sorry for the delay but i ensure you it is only to make sure everyone gets what they ordered. Hey guys, Sorry for the late reply. The wallets that I shipped out got sent back to me due to a problem with the labels I used!! I was told by an employee at the post office that they shipping setup that I had would have no problems but that was obviously not the case. I am now creating new labels for all shipments that I know will work. Again I am so sorry for this delay and I promise that you will have your CarBone(s) very soon! Thank you for your patience! - Dominick @Cameron Schultz: GripTech Designs is in the process of moving shop to New York as we speak! Shipments will resume very shortly :) Sorry about that guys,update is out! :) Yes, I'll be posting an update tonight. I just picked up the wallets yesterday. The ones that got in early for the august shipment will be shipped out tomorrow or early next week depending on how many wallets I can finish building tonight. Yes this is 100% still on! The wallets are being made now. I am waiting until I get them to make the update. I should be picking them up in the beginning of next week :) Glenn, 1. You can add either white or black in the second question about aditional color choice. ill know when i see that and i review your pledge amount as to what you are asking for :) 2. I will be posting an update with a picture of the newest band colors and list their names underneath the picture for you guys to choose. -Dominick @Josh Prudhomme: That is what I will be sending you :) @Mark Kennedy: The colors available are red and blue. They are only available in red now because all of the blue wallets have been selected from the rewards. It is still a discount from buying 3 wallets separately even with the added $10. It costs more to make the color wallets and at $60 for the single wallets I'm barely breaking even. @Mark Kennedy: I'm sorry to have to add an additional fee for the color wallets but they have become much more expensive to produce then the normal carbon fiber ones. They cost twice as much to produce. With the extra fee I feel that's the only way I will be able to produce them. @Glenn: I have actually set up a whole new reward for the color wallets. If you would like a color wallet the you can just change your reward to the color option. @Josh Prudhomme: you would add $10 per color wallet. @Josh Prudhomme: They include money clips! @Glenn: Yes black and white bands are options in the extra bands set for $2. I will send out a survey at the end of the campaign where you will be able to select which colors you would like for the bands. I will also be uploading an instructional video to my website shortly after the campaign is over. $2 for each set of extra bands @Chad Riley Nowlin: Everyone will be able to buy replacement bands in all colors once the campaign is over on my website. I will post a link to the website once it is finished. @Glenn:Yes, an additional $2 towards your pledge will get you a full set of bands which consists of 7 bands in any color. The CarBone with money clip requires 7 bands. The carbon fiber used is plain weave 6k 2x2. I am looking into some more options for the future so stay connected. :) The bands are extremely durable. I haven't been able to prototype them for 2 years but i imagine they could possibly be used for that long. That is a Great idea! yes, ill send out a survey,if it gets funded, to find out which colors each person wants! Thanks for the early support!!