@John: "Not a single tangible update since the project closed. Just lots of "fluff"" I'm sorry but if you're going to spout forth nonsense then I have a very hard time taking you seriously and writing inflammatory comments is the last way to get respect from a project creator who has clearly spelled out answers to your questions and updates already, on what is happening with the project and what phase it is in. If you have questions, they are already in the updates that you clearly have not read. And I mean CLEARLY have not read. When I have an ETA you'll know (already said this in an update) The proofs are final (already said this in an update) I have a complete and final prototype (already said this in an update). The rest, everyone will know the second they happen because I do keep you informed and I've... you guess it (said this already in an update.) Understand that when I say a reward amount it's abstract and doesn't apply to anyone in particular. (I can't believe I have to explain this... ) Honestly... I make these decks because I'm passionate about them and I love to design. This is Kickstarter, and things happen in the life of someone trying to start a business from nothing. These projects haven't funded for 100k. They funded for just enough for me to print, ship and pay my artists, in pretty much every case, and so I have to work a job to pay my bills. I don't know how many times I can apologize and make it clear that these decks will go out to you indefinitely. Posting on BB or complaining all about how this sucks? (I know that its only a few ppl but its the vocal few so if this doesn't apply then pls ignore it) I get it, but if you not getting your $20 reward on time is enough for you to do your best to ruin any future of the company that created a deck that you liked enough to want in your collection, by running around yelling about getting scammed, which is nowhere near the case, than honestly I would be sending you your cash back as a reward instead of your decks anyways. These decks WILL go out. Period. If you're interested in the future of a company that makes decks unlike anything else on the planet, I assure you that your decks will arrive for your enjoyment. Stick around because I always make up for my mistakes and delays to my backers and this is gonna be my best yet :-) I know I messed up on the delivery time and I will be making it up to you. YOU are the reason I make these decks, and my goal isn't complete until you've enjoyed these in whatever way you see fit in your own hands. If you're waiting with bated breath because you know these will be awesome, thank you for your patience, and I promise they will be worth the wait and more. If you want a refund, message me and I'll be so much more than happy to get it right out to you. Thanks so much. Sorry I missed your comment, John! Overall design of the deck is finished. Unfortunately shipping for this deck won't be starting this month as planned. I'll be posting another update soon with a sample deck showcase. Thanks for your patience. The update mentions that delivery will start next month. The 5th Element project, (the sister project to this one) is finishing up it's backerkit, and when that's done we'll start shipping out Elements all together. The Backerkit for ELEMENTS is currently in for review and will go out to everyone as soon as it's been approved. I'll have an update out to let you know when that happens very soon. @ John GT: Awesomeness :-) @J. Helfer: Glad to hear you're on board for a couple decks, and I'm happy to hear you like the balance we reached for this deck. There is a list of add-ons on the project page below but I will make an update with just the add-ons for easy reference. @Dr. Kraven: If we hit 24k we will print with the USPCC, but have no reservations about the quality of the printer we are using. They are exceptional. I'm a die-hard magician and cardist, and I insist on my decks supporting those hobbies as well as being game-ready. I will be working on a project for dice and poker chips that relate to my decks and this deck design will be included. Thanks for your recommendation of a Zodiac deck. I appreciate your faith in me. It's in the works actually, but I have a few decks I'll be releasing first. There's still plenty to come from Alien Ink. @John Great question. The metal posters are aluminum so they are very light. You almost can't feel their weight when holding them. They are approximately 4 playing cards thick, and hanging them with a magnet would be very easy. You won't need a turbo magnet or anything. Glad you are enjoying the artwork for this deck. Everyone I've shown the royalty sample print to has been floored by the image quality and precision of the print. I hope you can grab one. Welcome to the project. @Random The font is not final, and I will definitely look into and consider you recommendations for font that may fit the deck more appropriately. I appreciate your suggestions! Your observation on the color of the values being black as opposed to blue is quite observant. This deck seeks to strike a balance between familiar and novel. Keeping the values black and red was something that developed close to launch and I had originally intended the values to reflect the coloring of the suits, being red and blue. I'd be more than happy to put it to a vote, and honestly would like to see the values blue and red myself. Thanks for bringing it up, and I'll have some images up in an update soon! You are perfectly correct about the function of the Infinity Edition side pips. The pips fading off the edge of the number cards on the Elements deck are there to add to the tribal feel of the deck. The Infinity Edition was also a very limited edition and I wanted to include that concept in a more available deck. I intend to use this deck in cardistry and magic and I feel that it adds a lot to the forward facing fans and card spins look just amazing with pips on the edges like that. Your questions were more than constructive, they were insightful and they are exactly what I've come to expect from my brilliant backers. (I have the best of the bunch you know). I'll look forward to you being just as vocal should anything else cross your mind, and I'm really enjoying the feedback I've received on this deck. It shows great interest in the deck and I couldn't ask for more. Thanks so much and welcome to the project. Much appreciated! Welcome to the Elements!!