Sorry about the website downtime everyone! Working to get it back up, but we've been in a very heavy period of development. It seems our page was more popular that I though! I'm working to get it back online. In the meantime, our facebook is still operational. <url>"After" party in the hotel with the guests, staff and design team, so that might be a nice, more personal perk. Hey you guys! I'm in the <url>"Virt" Kaufman and Noisechan! The Double Dragon Neon listening party is happening, if you want a taste of what Jake (who is doing a ton of our OST) can do! Haha, I love you guys. =) Dave (Muniak), Brittany and Duelit, do you have twitter accounts? A new update will be out very soon! It's no problem! The $75 level is a single party badge by itself. The $200 level is the Ultimate Edition of the game and 2 Party Badges. The $75 level alone won't get you the game. It's designed for people who back at other levels but still want to go to the party. The $200 level is the best value for party badges. Sorry for the confusion! Zeldamotion looks great, and it's got Todd! I hope they give it another shot if it doesn't work out this time. At least we've got Todd here, too! Congrats, Duelit! Don't worry, I've accounted enough spots for that just in case. :) Sorry about that, commenting from my iPhone to answer your question as soon as possible. Back on my computer now. DRM, or Digital Rights Management is essentially copyright protection. It's a way some companies make sure you aren't installing software on multiple computers. This game is DRM-free, Yup, that's exactly right. :) Yup, that's exactly right. :) Just updated the rewards for the party! You can now buy tickets separately, and the Party edition now comes with 2 badges! (And I've even lowered the pledge amount!) This should help folks who were really wanting to go to the party, but couldn't because they also wanted other rewards (like the cameo). Thanks for all your feedback everybody! And thanks again for your amazing support! Over 25% in under 24 hours! Vincent: No problem! We're here to answer all your questions as best we can! You can certainly get a digital copy as well if you like, but since it's DRM-Free, it might be a little pointless! ^^ Everyone: Would you guys like a reward level for multiple copies of the game? Jordan: I'll look into it. =) That's right, the $345 level is the same as combining the $300 and $45 levels (You in the game + the digital Collector's Edition). You can always add a bit more to upgrade that if you like. The ultimate edition is indeed a hard copy. =) Thanks again! We're really humbled at how well this is going already! You can absolutely combine rewards. Just total up the amount for the rewards you want, select the highest level, and then let us know which other rewards you'd like in the survey at the end of Kickstarter. We'll make sure you get what you're looking for. =) If you want to upgrade a version that comes with a reward (for instance, Collector's Edition to Ultimate Edition) just include the difference. We have considered making a playable character a reward tier, but the cost of making a single, playable character is pretty substantial. It's not outside the Kickstarter reward range, however, so not outside the realm of possibility. If it's something that you guys would really like to see, we might make it happen. =) Absolutely! That's right! :) At the moment, it's just a cameo, but at the rate this is going, we'll likely throw a copy in anyway! You can always change your pledge level or rewards. Worst case: we can work with you at the end to get you exactly what you want. There will be a survey sent to all backers to get info on shipping, sizes, etc as well as a place for comments. =) You win a prize! XD