Thanks Stuart - we really appreciate the feedback, and the referrals! Cheers, Chris. Thank you all for the kind words and the great link! @Steve Schaffer - thanks - you made our day! And I have been using my small press every day for well over a year, and the fiter is holding out well. These big filters are even more beefy, so will last a long time. Cheers, Chris. @Al Byrne - emailed to you. Cheers, Chris. @Leo Hsu - you are brewing close to the amount we would use in a single serve press (300 g water with ~18-20 g coffee). The large press is really made for larger volumes. With the large press, the smallest amount I would brew is about 600 g water with ~36 g coffee. Cheers, Chris. Thanks @David Lustig! @Steven Kalz - definitely something we have heard before! The small press is sold at a lot of retailers in the US. You can see them here: <url>#12 on Kickstarter page for tips on brewing and we are working on more tips/brewing instructions etc that we will post on the Espro website shortly. Feedback welcome on this! @Steve Schaffer - Great news! Let us know how you go?! @Steve Schaffer - you will get a notification/tracking number from our shipping partner who are tirelessly working their way through all the rewards. We appreciate your patience and sorry for any confusion! @Steve Schaffer and @Steven Kalz - typically Canada Post within Canada, UPS within the US, and TNT internationally. Our shipping company has committed to this Friday, so you should be seeing your presses shortly! Cheers, Chris. @Tip Harte - let us know if our last update didn't answer your question! Cheers, Chris. @Brett Cruickshank - we plan to get everything out within a few weeks! @Mark Goodman - we started shipping them out March 29! We are working hard to get them all out as soon as we can. Cheers, Chris. @Steve: we are definitely going to provide as much helpful information and some tips to make sure you have every chance of enjoying the perfect cup! That's what Espro is all about! The packaging will have step by step instructions for optimum brewing and maintenance and we will provide another project update with some handy hints once we start shipping shortly. In the meantime, take a look at the FAQs on the project page for some answers on recommended grinds, water temperature, brew time and our favourite origins etc. @Chad we just posted a new update (#12) over the weekend and as it says, we are nearing the end of the first production run and expect to start shipping this week! Not long now..... @Chae - that is correct. Just pledge $170 in the "Pledge $85 or more" category. Best Regards, Chris. @Fjola, there is no polycarbonate in the filters. The polymer is an FDA approved polypropylene. We buy the polymer from the US, and mold in Canada, so we have complete control over the material. @JulieY - hi there. I expect that for most people, the filter will last the life of the carafe. The small press has been on the market for over a year, and we haven't had to offer replacement filters for sale yet! We will be setting up the ability to buy replacement filters this year though. It can all go in the dishwasher, but I would keep the filter on the top rack. Washing by hand might extend the life of the filter if your diswasher is rough on things. Cheers, Chris. @Gene - thanks, that is true about the double wall. And as we have vacuum insulation between the walls, our temperature drop will stay even more consistent! And it keeps it hot after brewing as well. Cheers, Chis @Dean - thanks for backing us - we really appreciate it! A land line would have been good. I'll make a note to send this idea to Kickstarter at the end of the campaign. If Amazon can take other payments by phone, maybe they could do it here too. Cheers, Chris. @Al, you are right - we will put together something shortly to make it clear. I'll check into your specific example and email you. Cheers, Chris. @Yusuke Sakata - I'll send you an email with the details. Cheers, Chris. @Harry - More math for you! Let's say that 7 g/tablespoon is the high end for density. 5 g/tablespoon is the low end for density. That would be 3.5 tablespoons for 18 g, and 12 tablespoons for 60 g. Once you get into the ballpark, adjust up or down to taste! Cheers, Chris. @Harry - One tablespoon is about 7 g of coffee. So about 2 1/2 tablespoons, 8 teaspoons, or 38 ml will get you 18 g of coffee. This is fairly rough - darker roasts will be much different than lighter roasts. Also note that for a liter of water in the big press, you will want about 60 g of coffee. That is somewhere around 9 or 10 tablespoons. Cheers, Chris EOM (end of math). @Atpro - for optimal filtering, we recommend using a minimum of 600 g water with 36 g coffee with the large press - this makes about two cups. For a single cup of coffee, we recommend using the single serve version. Cheers, Chris. We made it! We posted an update to officially thank everyone. Cheers, Chris. Hi Soren, we've had a lot of comments back about the small version being much easier to clean than a typical french press, so I think you will be pleased! Cheers, Chris.