Hello everyone, We just wanted to give you a quick update. The dispute with our studio name has been a long and annoying process, but it is finally coming to an end. The final details will be worked out next week. So we are happy to announce that the website will be launching on the 22nd no matter what happens. We will post an update next week if our studio name changes. We are sorry for the ridiculous delay, and we are looking forward to talking to some of you on the forums. -The Falling Island team @Ashton The website has already been developed. Although, can't launch the website, because a larger company is having an issue with our studio name. This is almost all worked out, but launching a website while we are figuring this out wouldn't be the best idea. We are sorry for the delays and we will try to get the site up as soon as possible. - Micah Hello everyone, We just wanted to give you a quick update. We are sorry to say the website is being delayed until next week due to some small legal disputes over domain and company names. Almost everything has been worked out, but we don't want to launch the site until everything has been completely settled. We received the t-shirts and posters this week, and will be sending them out soon. We have gotten a few requests for the team to sign them, so if you would like us to sign your t-shirt or poster just send us a message. We are sorry for the delays, and we will have the next update on the site next week. Thanks, -The Falling Island team Hey Robin, the website will be up on January 30. The site will have forums so people can post and discuss ideas, and we will be able to read and discuss them with you. We decided to delay the second Q&A update until the 30th, so we can have our first update on the new site. Hello everyone! We will be releasing the Q&A update on Thursday. So if you have any questions you want us to answer, you still have some time to shoot us a message. The update will also talk about the rewards and what we've been up to. We are looking forward to Thursday! Thanks! -The Falling Island team @ Robin There will generators in the game that you can connect to lights, doors, electric traps, etc. Your going to want to find one in the first few days, because the city lights will turn off. While you do gain access to new things with generators, you will have to watch out for other players trying to steal them. @Gereth We have no idea where all this money came from, but we are very thankful for it. We will be discussing how everything will be handled in an update today. Thank you for the support and ideas guys. You made this Kickstarter a great experience, and we can't wait to play the game with you. @Jarno The infection will not work like the walking dead. The only way you become a zombie is to be bitten by one. We will have a setting that allows you to "win" by killing all zombies, or you can play an endless mode. If you try to kill civilians at the start, you will run into trouble. Police officers, military and other civilians will try to kill you if you start slaughtering people. @Robin Players that choose to kill others will be labeled as "bandits". Players and civilians will see this. All civilian groups will become hostile towards bandits. @Robin Civilians will naturally group up and try to survive together, or try to join your group. At launch, civilians will most likely just move around the city until they find a place that is "safe" and will start to build there. Civilian groups will be either be friendly or hostile, so you will not always be able to just walk into there groups. For the government, we will have the police and s.w.a.t. teams as the first defense, and later the military will come in. The military will create structures and try to control the outbreak. They will set up things like medical tents, checkpoints, towers, barriers, fences, etc. They will also try to fight the outbreak, but they will fail(or it wouldn't be much fun). We love the ideas and we have had similar ideas also, but we don't have enough development time to cover them all at launch. We hope this answered your questions. -The Falling Island team @Robin If you are injured, you will heal slowly overtime if you are well fed and hydrated. Bandages and meds will quicken the healing process. If you are badly injured(broken limbs) you will not heal until bandages are used. If you are bleeding, you will have to use bandages or you will bleed out. If you are infected you will have to inject yourself with a vaccine or you will die. There will be no scars, but characters will have different animations for broken bones. Overall, we don't want players to instantly heal from items, they will have to recover slowly. @Thomas We would love for it to be released on steam, but for the game to be released on steam we would have to go through steam greenlight, and have the community vote for it. So we have no guarantee it will be released on steam. @Gereth Yes zombies will generally be reliant on vision. However, zombies will also be attracted to loud noises(gunshots, vehicles, sirens, explosions). We like the idea of zombies having the ability to hear you also, but they won't be too sensitive to footsteps or similar things. Sneaking past behind them is something you can do. Hello everyone, We have posted our first gameplay screenshot, and a picture of a new weapon on the main page. Unfortunately, we are in the process of redeveloping our zombies(animations, path finding, detection, etc.) so we can't show screenshots of them quite yet. We are working hard, and will try to get more screenshots out before the funding period ends. We are thankful for your support, and can't wait to reach that next stretch goal! If you have any questions or ideas, just leave us a comment. Thanks! -The Falling Island team @Robin We will defiantly be adding a map to the game. Our idea was to have maps split up into different sections, and if you want a full map you will have to explore to find other pieces or work with other players to form a complete map. You will be able to draw on the map so you can mark whatever you want. Radio towers and radios for communication is a very interesting idea. That is something we will defiantly discuss. Thank you for the ideas, and we would love to hear your feedback on the map. @Thomas The police are something we had in mind since concept. In the beginning of the game police officers will be patrolling the streets. Their gunshots will tell you how close the infection is when it starts, and When they die you can pick up their pistol. You will also be able to break into police cars and hopefully find a shotgun. After the infection has spread to a certain percent, S.W.A.T. teams will make their way into the city. This will give the player a save haven for a bit, but you don't want to stay near them too long. We will also be adding a military, and they will start to set up tents, barriers, and towers. @Gareth Zombies will try to eat/hit you until your dead, and then your dead body will keep them occupied for 1-2 minutes. If your only bitten and you escape, you will have ten minutes to receive medicine. After ten minutes without treatment you will start to die, and will have one minute to do as you please until you die. The last minute will give you the chance to save teammates by distracting zombies, trying to kill another player, or just getting yourself farther away from others. @Robin NPCs(if they survive) will start to form very basic safehouses, and will try to fight zombies. You can add them to your group, and have them follow you. We know it would be very cool for the NPCs to be able to survive, scavenge, build, and steal. However, we are very limited on time and won't have super smart NPCs at launch. We will continue to add to them in future patches. Lastly, we know we had pictures planned for Monday, but they will have to be delayed until Wednesday. We are very sorry about this. We are still in the process of getting people moved and setting up our new workspace. We hope we answered your questions, and we are excited to show you the pictures on Wednesday. Thanks! -The Falling Island team @Robin That is a very cool idea, an we will defiantly talk about it, and see what we can do with it. With some refining, it could possibly make its way into a future patch. Thanks for contributing, and we would love to hear other ideas you might have. Thanks! -The Falling Island team Hello everyone, Thank you for all the support and ideas you have been contributing recently, we really appreciate it. We agree that the level of attention is low, and up to now our level of PR has been low. We have starting posting on forums, contacting youtube channels, and contacting Unity Technologies. Hopefully this will gain us more attention. Sorry for not responding quickly. Both of our programmers are in the process of moving right now, so things have been a little crazy. @J.L. We do have some great stretchy goals planned. They will be announced in the update on monday. Thanks for all your support guys! We can't wait to get the zombie apocalypse started! @Gareth Baker Thanks for the support Gareth! We would love to see the goal smashed, and have some pizza(and Mt. Dew of course). @Sam First of all We want to thank you for supporting our project. You would be right in saying $2,000 isn't all that much for game development. We set the goal based only on what we absolutely need to get this game going and finished. We will not be paid personally, which means we will have to keep our side jobs. Even though we have to keep side jobs, we can guarantee that this project will come before any other jobs. Indeed, the game is a huge project, and we knew this when we started and we feel entirely confident we can get it done. We have already begun development on the game, and have already spent a few months on it already. A lot of work has been put into the game so far, including the procedurally generation city and 3d assets(as you can see from the pictures). So for a general schedule, we are expecting the alpha stage early 2013(February - March), then on to the Beta stage summer 2013(June - August), and lastly the final release late 2013(September - November). The development time is slightly short, because for the final release we just want to have the basic gameplay elements perfected. We don't want to spend so much time on polish and other small elements, that will force the game down one "path". Ultimately we want to realease the game in a way that is "open-ended" so that we can continue building the game based off what the community wants and feels the game needs(hope that makes sense). As far as platforms, we would love to see the game on steam. The only problem with this, is that it has to go through steam greenlight, which makes it unpredictable whether or not it will make it. We would also love to release the game on other platformsincluding Desura and GamersGate. We hope We've answered most of your questions and concerns. Again thank you for supporting our project, and we can't wait to have you play the game! Thanks! -The Falling Island team