Please contact us at <email> if you have issues with your Thermodo. Thanks! @Daniel. Thermodo app is already in the Google Play store. Check here for the device compatibility <url>♥ @Malte There's still quite a few people who haven't received theirs yet, and there'll still be more going out in the coming weeks. There's quite a lot of logistical work in getting this many units to their destinations. The good news is there's only about 200 units that hasn't shipped yet (but still hundreds that have shipped but not arrived) Your particular order is awaiting stock at the UK warehouse, because a small number of black thermodos meant for that warehouse ended up in LA. This might not seem reasonable to you as a single person, but this is the real world challenges of shipping on this scale. You'll receive an email once your thermodo is shipped from the UK warehouse. As for everyone else who have gotten a shipping notification but still hasn't received their thermodos (even though your estimate said you would) - please allow 1-2 more weeks time for the holiday shipping frenzy to come back to normal levels before reporting suspicions of lost packages. We don't have any way of checking where your package is, and chances are they'll turn up in the meantime. :) Hi Everyone! Just dropping a note here, reminding you that this isn't the place for support questions. Without proper inline replies, it's hard to give structured support. Contact us directly (use the 'contact me' right next to that big robocat logo in the right hand side) that way we'll much better be able to offer you personal support. But remember to read up on the faq first <url>❤️ @Greg Thanks Greg! We'll take a look at it. We're polishing up the re-initialization of thermodo and are trying to come up with clever ways of detecting wether it's a headphone or a thermodo plugged in, but it's very experimental at this stage. @Massimiliano Sorry that you feel that way. The package does include messages to the kickstarter backers and a huge 'Thanks!' on the back, so not sure what you had expected more. As for the companion app, it is very focused on just getting the temperature and we feel like that has been the advertised first step the whole time. More advanced functionality can be introduced in the future either by us or by 3rd party developers using our SDK (<url>"Before Christmas" was never a promise but a hope, and we're surprised and a little proud that we've managed to ship so many already in the busiest time of the year. All we can say is that it looks like the wait won't be much longer. @Brian we deffinitely want to look at Amazon next year. @Chuck thanks for the correction. We'll also look into the Note devices next year! That faq link did not like upper case x). This is the proper link <url>"calibrated". The Sensor we're using is a high-precision sensor with accuracy in the decimals. The temperature you're measuring is the exact temperature of the sensor in that environment. It literally can be those 5-10F (or even more) hotter around your device. It's important to note, because it's not really an issue with the actual technology - it's behaving as intended. The challenge is (if you're aim is to monitor the ambient temperature) to come up with a way to compensate and communicate this difference. Unfortunately, there is no 'one-size-fits-all' here. If you're a big aficionado, and you really want the most exact temperature reading, you'll need to minimize the time the sensor interacts with the heat sources, namely you and the device. Extension cables is a great way to do this, but also just leaving it in the environment undisturbed for a while and taking the measurement with a cold device and minimal handling can help. @Karl @Eugene Regarding warmer measurements, be sure to read that particular entry in the FAQ <url>’ll look into legacy versions of iOS compatibility in the beginning of next year and evaluate our options. @Gary Absolutely! And be sure to let us know how the testing goes. Have fun out there. @Gary Have you actually tried having it in your pocket for a day and seeing if it jumps out? As we've said earlier - you'll be surprised how well it works - it has been meticulously engineered to spring out when you need it and otherwise stay in. We've never lost any sensors in all the time we've been testing it. The video Adam is linking to shows it operating exactly as designed and within acceptable parameters. By all means, take good care of your thermodo, but know that it should stay in there within regular usage. Thermodo.com now has a link to the App store and we've put together a neat little FAQ to help answer some of the most common questions we're hearing. Check it out: <url>"Pay for us to be able to give aluminium to everyone". Our Premium Thermodos are more than twice as expensive to produce than the regular ones, so trying to somehow connect those dots are just crazy. The fact that we where able to leverage the overall increase in funding to streamline and improve the entire production for all Thermodos has nothing to do with charity from a certain group of backers - it was possible with everyones help and a lot of hard work. Now on to the good news. Premiums are no longer delayed. They're going out together with the regular Thermodos. We've worked very hard with our suppliers over the past weeks to close the gap, and they were able to hit the target deadline. The biggest mistake we've made regarding the Premiums, was communicating that they would go out before the regular ones. I want to emphasize though, that announcement wasn't made in the original pitch while you were deciding which tier to fund, but a later update after funding had closed. Ultimately however, that call was made too early, as we faced a lot more challenges creating the premiums that we knew of when we made the announcement. If anything, that serves our point of being reluctant in giving out schedules and dates. We'll have a pretty cool shipping update to share with you all soon. So stay patient, we're almost there. :) @Michael LaBella & others with similar gripes, I just want to jump in here with a bit of updated information. As of right now, the actual premium shipping is roughly a week behind the regular Thermodos. Now this can obviously change as they pass through final Q&A, but I wanted to convey that the actual difference that is being debated here is negligible in the big picture. Currently, Premiums stand to go out shortly after regular Thermodos. And again, i can't reiterate enough that once you see the premiums you'll instantly see and feel the difference from a regular thermodo - they are as we always envisioned it, decidedly premium. - Michael @Michael LaBella An interesting discussion that I don't mind spending some time formulating a few thoughts on. I think most of your argument rests on the assumption that your product, the Premium, is less worth because the regular Thermodos are now made from the same material. Nothing could be further from the truth and once you see a Regular and a Premium Thermodo next to each other, there is no doubt that the Premium is decidedly *premium*. The pictures doesn't really do it justice. There's so many things that you are not considering here, making all Thermodos from aluminium was not only about improving the quality of the regular Thermodos, it was about setting up a much better production for all Thermodos, Premiums included. Instead of maintaining two serrate processes, the base knowhow and tools between the Thermodos can now be shared. The additional funds and time that has been sunk into streamlining this process benefits the entire lineup. Saying that moving the regulars to aluminium is somehow diminishing the value of the premiums is simply not true. If anything, it has made the Premiums even better. Once we made the call to go all aluminium, a decision that took months of work, we made sure that the Premium stayed distinctively different. The electrode engraving and the anodization and sand bead blasting process is much more costly and produces a radically different result than the regular Thermodos. Don't get me wrong, I'm very satisfied with how our automotive grade painted regular Thermodos have turned out, but the Premium ones are just as premium as they were always intended to be. The second part of your argument has more to do with *when* you receive your product, which i think is a bit unfair. Yes, a few months back we thought we could have the Premiums ready to ship out first - but as we know now, the process is even more delicate than we initially anticipated. The issues with the anodization is really not the Premiums fault (or ours for that sake) and I don't see how it has any impact on the perceived value of the final product. If anything, because these things are hard to make, they should be more worth. Taking a step back from the minute details, I'm baffled as to what you would have us to do to resolve this? Should we hold back all regular Thermodos until the Premiums are ready to ship? That doesn't really make much sense to us. This all comes back to the fact that Kickstarter is not a store. You're backing a vision, an idea - you're not necessarily buying an off-the-shelf product. Details do change and we think we've been very upfront about how they've changed and why they've changed. And honestly, we think they've changed for the better. The Premium is a little masterpiece and we couldn't be prouder of the result and I'm absolutely sure that when you receive yours, you'll love it. - Michael @Brandon Abelleira We'll have some more updates to share regarding shipping in the near future, but right now we don't know wether or not everything will go out at once or if it will go out in batches. We've had a few issues with the anodization on the premium ones, so it doesn't look like they'll go out before regulars. The question is now, if regulars will go out first or if all goes out together - we'll know more in the coming weeks. Our philosophy is, however, that we want Thermodos to start shipping as soon as possible - so when we have product, we'll ship it and fill the orders we can. As for the deadline, we can't make any guarantees that they'll arrive before christmas. We're working hard on making it happen, but in the end it's not entirely up to us. The factory is finalizing the full production run and even a minor hiccup could jeopardize a christmas promise. We also have unknowns like region specific customs etc. So in short: no promises, but we're doing everything we can. :) @Marie-Andree As we've said many times before, we're not giving out shipping dates before we're absolutely sure that the product is on it's way. That doesn't mean there aren't plans, contingencies and deadlines - however, these are so volatile that it really wouldn't make much sense to disclose them to the public. It's natural to desire a precise plan, we completely get it, but the truth is that every week, new issues and challenges arise that needs to be handled. Creating something like this isn't a neat progression from idea to product. It's a constant flow of decisions, reshuffling of priorities, revisions and above all, external factors beyond our sphere of influence. I don't expect all of our backers, particularly those that have never been part of creating a product, to understand. People handle this in many different ways. The way we've decided to do it is that we won't, in good faith, put out information about the schedule as long as we know it's liable to change. Instead we're trying to give you detailed information about the progress and show you interesting aspects of the project through rich updates. But right now, the most specific answer you'll get out of us is it looks like we'll deliver everything in 2013. If we knew more with certainty we would share it with you. :) @Travis McElroy We'll send out an email and give everyone a chance to change their address one last time before we ship them. @Rick Case Thanks Rick, that really means a lot to us. It's unfortunately not everybody who see it that way, but we're happy that some of the love we're pouring into communicating these things are well received. @Malcom Lounsbery 1) The Companion app is currently iOS 7 only. 2) There's no *current* plans for a Robocat created Thermodo Mac App, but we've already heard from a few developers who wants to work on one. In all honesty though, right now we're just focusing on delivering on the Kickstarter promises - we think we'll see a lot of fun integrations next year, and we might even do some of them ourselves. @Marie-Andree We've communicated everything that we can in the updates so far. Production is well underway - we don't have an official 'end date'. We have internal estimates - but nothing that will make sense to announce as these are highly susceptible to change (as we've seen in the past). but yes, we'll announce the shipment once all the units pass QC. @Michael LaBella Well it's a bit misleading to call it 0-series production. It's not actually the 0-series production - it's a smaller batch of the full production lineup. At this point we still think delivery within 2013 is a go. @Hadleigh Working hard on it. You should see it in this week and it's great! @Andrea Manzella Your comment seems to imply that there's something we can do (that we're not already doing) that can somehow speed up the process and get you your Thermodo faster. The "hurry up and get it done" that we've heard a few times from backers really doesn't apply to the process we're in. Our factories in China are working on the mass production, dealing with all the various challenges in producing 12.000 identical, electrically tested units. They'll take as long as they need - no more, no less. From what we're seeing now, you should all have your Thermodos well before Christmas - but knowing what we know about this process and the many challenges that can get in the way, it's simply still too early to announce. We'd rather be absolutely sure than give you a wrong estimate. Until then, the best thing we can do is keep everyone in the loop - bringing you as much inside and behind the scenes footage as possible. If you're not interested in that, you are more than welcome to skip it - but we're dead serious about telling this story and bringing everyone who's interested along for the ride. @John @Air Production is progressing, we should receive the 0-series production within the next 2-3 weeks and that will be the next major milestone. The completion of the entire first run is still too early to call. We've got some really sweet video out of China that we're preparing for the next update. @Adam Farden There is a chance, yes. The way we're doing it right now is that we are putting the final touches on the iOS application (for iPhone). We have simultaneously prepared and vetted a team of android developers who are ready to take over once the iOS app is feature-finalized. It's much easier to get on Google Play than on the App Store, so while the iOS app is done before the Android app, it's not unthinkable that one will precede the other. It all depends on how fast we can get the 0-series production and how fast Apple reacts to the app submission. @Hadleigh The current plan is that we'll get a small shipment send to us first of maybe abour 200 units, a sort of 0-series production, so that we can have the unboxing experience and see that they are all as they should be. We might send some of those out to a selection of the backers, probably the developers who will need units to implement Thermodo in their apps. After that we'll see how it goes - it could be in batches, or it could be by thermodo type - it really depends on how fast we can get them off the production line. We'll obviously keep everyone informed as it progresses :) @Hadleigh Great question! We are using the additional time on further improving the app. It's currently undergoing a lot of iterations and we think you are going to like it a lot. The thing about submitting it to the app store is that it's a bit of a special deal in this case. An app that requires hardware like ours can't just go through the regular approval process. Apple will need to do a custom approval process for the app, requiring us to send in test units of Thermodo for the app store team. We don't currently have any test units that we can send to them, and the first box of production-line Thermodos are still a few weeks out. Once we get those we'll send some to Cupertino along with the latest build of the app. As always, we are not giving out estimated dates before we feel like all the unknowables have been eradicated. We'll be sure to show some more of the app and Thermodo in action in the coming Behind the Scenes videos. :) @Julian and others First of all, we'll have a nice update for everyone next week, addressing exactly some of these questions. Let me just comment on some of your constructive criticism. 1) Actually this is only partly true. It's true that to some extent in the sense that once you have set up the proper mass manufacturing processes, creating a larger volume shouldn't take much longer. The big change here is actually that with the bigger order, came the opportunity to scale up and improve the entire project. We jumped at that opportunity, and we've changed just about every aspect of the original product. So you could say that the 10.000 units opened the door for a bigger, better and more complex solution. In the end, we'll have a better product because of the immense support you've given us - which we think is part of the kickstarter mentality. 2) We actually think we're pretty open and honest. If you look back at our efforts to keep you guys in the loop, you'll notice that we're putting out a high quality update every 3 weeks or so. That's the interval that has made sense so far in terms of resources and when there was something interesting to share. We're also spending quite a lot of time answering backer questions, emails or comments like these. We'll have a new update at some point next week discussing exactly some of these questions you raise, including the timeline and changes. 3) You have backed a vision, and we're doing our very best to execute on that vision. We've given a shipping estimate that names 'fall 2013' as the target - but we've also been very open about what's going on. When we're not giving out a more exact estimate, then it's simply because we don't know. It's not like we're keeping anything from you, we are not "shutting you out". In the current situation, giving out a specific shipping date would just be setting people up for disappointment. We'll let everyone know once we have something more tangible. Stay patient. We'll have a great update for you next week and we'll continue to bring you behind the scenes and show you whats going on. Pretty simple. 10X of Thermodos what we initially anticipated. Hi Terry, Things are still in line for shipping in fall 2013 - but we won't make any promises, or give out any dates before we're absolutely sure that the product is on it's way to you. We're keeping everyone up to speed through our updates, and you'll be the very first to know once we have something more tangible - but understand that we are very much in the process of making this thing. Nothing more can be done to 'speed up' the process. We want to stomp out a common misconception about these video updates we are making. They are not taking away any time or resources that would otherwise have been spend on the project. We are making these on our own dime, because we feel like it's an interesting addition to the story behind the project. They are not a distraction, they are an addition and one that we care deeply about. A lot of backers seem to enjoy them, but you are more than welcome to skip them. We can't stress enough, however, that they do not impact the work being done on the product itself. Think of them as a window into the progress. It makes the most sense to send out a Kickstarter survey soon after a campaign ends. That way, what people ordered is still fresh in their minds. Unfortunately Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send out multiple surveys, so within the first month of the campaign end is a good rule of thumb. We want to point out that we didn't send out the survey 'too early'. Had we waited longer we would have faced bigger issues than shipping address changes. It always pains us when there's misunderstandings. We can't give you a delivery date, it's not as simple as just 'get it done' and our videos are not impacting the work being done. We are sorry that you are frustrated, all we can say is that we are working around the clock to bring you a great product. @Stephen Golden We are sorry that you feel that way Stephen. It sounds like you might have misunderstood the intention of our 'Behind the Scenes' videos. They're a very candid look at the myriad of things going on in the production. They're meant to share the journey and admittedly that does include a bit of 'wandering'. The way we see it, we're doing everything we can to execute on the vision you backed. The videos and the storytelling is our way of bringing you closer to the process, but with or without them they're not changing the work being done. Trust us when we say that we are going to deliver on the product in the best way we can. @Wade We are aware that quite a few of our backers have probably moved or plan to move since they filled out the initial survey. Kickstarter doesn't allow us to send multiple surveys, but we've come up with a different system to manage these things. We'll send out an email before we start shipping where you'll be able to update your address. We can't do it manually for all the people who write us here, so be sure to follow the instructions once you receive that email in fall. Thanks! @Brady Sorry, this was a limited run, made to order for the backers. We'll let everyone know if they go on sale. @David Villalobos It's progressing nicely. We're running an internal beta at the office - we'll let you all know when we have some more to share on this. @Hadleigh At this point we honestly don't know. It depends on a couple of factors that are not entirely within our control, namely suppliers and the amount of sample batches we need before finalizing the 0-series production. Right now the word is 'Fall 2013' - we'll obviously update everyone once we know more. @Fred Vreeman Can't share any specifics with you yet. Temperature range is from -20° C to +50° C (-5º F to 120º F). No data on response time yet. No noticeable power draw. @Dwayne Miller Answered in direct message @Brandon answered in the comment of the latest update. @Marie-Andree Don't worry, tweeting and maintaining our company newsletter isn't taking any time or resources away from Thermodo. We realize that it can be hard to understand, but not every man hour can be used directly on the product - there's a lot more to running a company and parts of our team are always involved in a range of projects at any given time. We'll have some cool Thermodo news to share with you soon. @Chad There's no ads on the Thermodo companion app. Thermo app will have Thermodo support and will remain like now. Thermodo and Thermo are two different products. Just a quick update to let everyone know that a sample set of Thermodos are on their way to Robocat HQ, and we'll do a big production update once they arrive! We've worked hard on getting the colors and materials right, and we can't wait to share some more details with you, once we get our hands on this latest batch. @ Matthew No you can't. Thermodo uses sounds to communicate with your mobile devices. We are still sourcing all the final materials and evaluating the final Thermodo colors that look best. We will post an update once we receive the final production prototypes. We are making sure that everything is correct before creating these production prototypes, as these will represent the final product. We are going through the several hundreds of emails now. Hopefully the rest of the surveys will come later today. @Shane Christman We are still waiting for the final color samples. We are currently looking at this green color Luminous green #00BB2D. When anodizing the color might change a bit, so we need to do a few tests by the manufacturer. @John Palaima Kickstarter Green Thermodo will be anodized. @Jordy Bosma Specify all that in the last question. Just a quick update, Most of the surveys went out today. The rest of the surveys will go out in the beginning of next week! ♥ Ok, here's a quick update. The survey will be sent out soon. We have been asked by a few backers to delay this since their payments haven't been cleared. We have improved Thermodo's technical design and is collaborating with our engineering partner in Denmark on this. We are also trying to determine the exact colors for Thermodos and getting feedbacks from the manufacturer. Here's some answers to some of the questions that seem to be piling in right now: Dream Design Games Inc. is that you charging me? Yes that's us. It's the name of the company we're working with in the US. Sorry for the confusion. Can i change my pledge? Nope, there's not a lot we can do now that the campaign has ended. Everything is locked down now. Where do i choose my color? We'll send out a survey in the near future (possibly next week) where we'll get your rewards sorted out. It's a big job, as you can imagine. I missed the campaign, can i still get a Thermodo? Indeed you can! We just opened up for pre-orders on <url>ärdhagen While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. @Chris Maser We are still working on the type of the anodizing. Type 3 is possible but it depends of the finish. We obviously want to the best material suited for the aluminum Thermodos. @Brandon Avelleira The Red Thermodo will be produced the same way as the Black & White ones, and that means injection mold plastic for now - if we reach the 500K goal, then it's a different story. @Brandon Bouche We can't really give up specifics just yet. The truth is we're seeing very reasonable response times on our prototypes and they're not made from the same material as any of the final Thermodos and doesn't have the thermally conductive paste that is also going into the final ones. So in short, what we see now is very acceptable and it's only going to improve. Aluminium is going to be more responsive than plastic. @Ed V It snaps on real tight - just like it does in the device, we don't want anyone loosing their Thermodo. Thanks for the awesome support everyone! Almost 250K! @Jarrah Like @Noah wrote Aluminum = Aluminium :) @Douglas Reid All sizes of t-shirts should be available. We got confirmed that size 4XL is available as well. @Frank @Xavier Yes. That would be fine! @Nian The final Thermodo will be slimmer. We will test this then. Thanks for the hint. @Adam Farden Using Thermodo for long term measurement would not be a problem. Thermodo draws almost no power, hence almost no stress. @Ian Johnson Audio jack is not proprietary like the dock connector, so this shouldn't be an issue for Thermodo. @Hadleigh Their project is created for Kickstarter UK and are shipping from UK. Thermodos are shipped from US. While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. @Benjamin Schlageter Yes. That would be fine. @Vincent Vong The premium Thermodo will be crafted from anodizaed aluminum and keep the exclusive unique look. How the final design of the black, white and red Thermodos will be in alumnium is yet to be determined. Hope to improve the quality of all Thermodos. @Naoki Funahashi @Trenton Davis We are not sure yet. If we get more requests we might add it as a stretch goal. @Tse Ka Leong We hope to release a SDK for Android as the same time. @David While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. But we are working on a solution that at least ensures european purchasers that their Thermodos will be send from within the EU to avoid any overseas taxation. @Bruce Not sure what you mean Bruce. Michael is on vacation in Bali on his own, we're just grateful that he is doing work on the campaign. We assure you that we need all the funds we can muster- the more Thermodos we can put in this first production run, the better off everyone will be. Luckily we have dedicated people on our team pouring in both work and leisure time into making this a successful project. @David Cole A standard audio extention cable will work just fine, just like we showed in the video :) @Robert McCartney thanks for suggestion. I think it is a cool one! With Thermodo we aimed for the most simple solution we could imagine. It should be a regular thermometer for everyone. So, we know everything is better with a laser but in this case we decided to try it without. Unfortunately these kind of thermometers are not adequate for measuring the temperature in a room. They are more commonly used to measure the surface temperature of objects. Hence, they would not be very good for our primary application within weather apps. Nice thought, though. @Greg The retail price will be higher than the Kickstarter price. While the Thermodos are engineered here in Denmark, they're assembled abroad and we're doing our fulfilment from the US. Kickstarter has some very particular rules about shipping; we can't charge americans for shipping (the system simply doesn't allow it) which means we've had to come up with alternatives for the logistics. So unfortunately there's not much we can do about the actual shipping price outside the US. But we are working on a solution that at least ensures european purchasers that their Thermodos will be send from within the EU to avoid any overseas taxation. @ Rodolphe Bruneault Thermodo sends an audio signal through the temperature sensor. It allows your mobile device to read Thermodo's temperature straight from the audio input. @ Tse Ka Leong We will try and support Mac OS X, but might not be the same time as mobile. Mobile first. @nabeel masood Kickstarter doesn't allow this at the moment. You can add more to the pledge. We will send you a survey where you can specify which one you want and how many. Let's be clear. We are not changing the design of Thermodo. We want to try to get it as slim as possible. Remember we need to space in there to fit the sensor and a couple of components as well. @Stefan Munarini Yes. SDK will released for everyone, but those who pledged with SDK will have access to it earlier. @Pisan Kulkaew We will try what we can to accommodate users with a case/bumper, but it's very difficult to slim that part down and still have space for the sensor. It probably won't fit every variations of cases out there. We'll try to show this in more detail in an update. @Courtney The same awesome guys whom we collaborated with on Thermo for Android <url>