@Peter -- I have record yours was delivered to the address I had from you at 10:55 am on December 17, 2012 -- if you can't find it, open up a ticket at <url>"backer portal" where you can adjust your pledge, reward and shipping address as needed. Hopefully it will be ready within the week, but I'm also working on the prototypes right now, so we'll see. For now, though, don't worry about it. Thanks! @Bernie, there should be a question right below the cable option list where you can list additional cables (just type the name of the additional cable you need, e.g., C1). Thanks! @Christopher -- yes, there are places to get the cables -- I'll be posting them on <url>#6 for details on the cables. $10 for extra cables -- I'm due to post another update about the cables, too -- I'll be grouping the cameras by cable type, so you'll be able to know which cables you need. I'll also post a picture of each cable. Thanks! Thanks guys! The case will have a 1/4-20 mount on the back, as well as a lanyard loop in the top corner. And it will be weather-resistant as-is, too. Thanks! It's coming along well! I was planning on posting an update last week, but the last week and a half have gone right by with no productivity -- we just had our first baby on Monday! So it's amazing and wonderful, but not helpful for getting work done! Anyway, today was my first productive day in a while, and I finished the hardware design for the next prototype (my goal had been to finish this last Monday, but as long as I rush-ship it, we're still on track for deadlines). I'll be ordering the new PCBs tomorrow and post a real update soon. Thanks everyone for the amazing support! Thanks Craig! Paolo, Bulb and auto-bulb raming will be available in the final product. And even if the implementation isn't perfect upon shipment, the firmware can be updated via USB by the user. Thanks for your support! Elijah Callum, thanks for your support! Both versions support connecting to the camera with an adaptor cable that connects to the camera's remote shutter port (in addition to IR). The added option of Bluetooth is achieved just with an extra module that's a drop-in solution, so the general design for both is exactly the same, and I don't expect Bluetooth-related delays to come up. A membrane keypad is a good idea. I am working on getting something like that for the top. It would not only be better for durability and looks, but it should actually be better economically, too, now that the quantities are so high (Thanks, backers! This is going to be a great product!). What you see in the prototype is just laser-cut, but it's still sealed from below. Thanks! Elijah Thanks! I can't make any promises yet, but I do hope to make a bluetooth-controlled dolly to go with the Timelapse+ in the near future. It could be a while yet, though. First I have to complete this project! Yes -- for the prototype I just order the screws from McMaster and it was the only option I found for that size screw for plastic. When ordering the real thing I'll have a lot more options available to me since I'll be ordering in much larger quantities. The final ones will black and hopefully countersunk (in the prototype, the faceplate is just lasercut, which is more difficult for countersinking. I'm planning to make the faceplate injection molded for the final product, so adding a bevel for countersinking the screws will be easy.) Roman -- I've been planning some sort of a seal as well, I'm just not sure the best approach yet. A plug that fits in the usb port would be the simplest option, but I'd still need to attach it to the case so it doesn't get lost. I'm also thinking maybe just a big rubber plug the clips along the whole bottom (since I'll have an aux port there as well now). Thanks for your support! Michael, I've got that on the list of features to add! I don't know if it wil be ready by the time the device ships, but it will be in the firmware at some point. It is currently supported by the hardware, though. My main focus right now is perfecting the hardware -- once that's done I'll move on to adding all the fun feature to the firmware. And being open-source, others will be able to expend the features as well. The source will be released by the time the devices ship. Yes, though I'm actually planning on making a bluetooth-controlled dolly after this, so that it can easily be setup and controlled by the bluetooth version of the Timelapse+. But yes, one could also always use the aux output (which will be two-channel, so it could control an X-Y crane or anything...) Chris: No problem. I realize that projects often go past the estimates. I placed the estimated shipping times farther than I thought necessary to give some extra room, and so far I'm on schedule, though it's very early. The current prototype demoed at the launch of the project is the 3rd hardware iteration, and the 2nd in the current form factor, so many details have already been worked out. The next revision will be adding some features, so the possibility is there that it will need corrections but there's time for yet another revision before production begins. Currently, I'm finalizing the design for the next prototype, for which I'll order the PCBs on the 28th. They'll take about 10 days, and then I can assemble and test them. If they pass all the tests, they'll be the ones then shipped to the early prototype backers. If they fail, it sets me back two weeks, while I make another revision -- and there's still time for this. So whether it takes just one more revision, or two, the project will remain on schedule. If it takes more than two (I sure hope not!), the delivery could be delayed by a couple weeks. Hopefully that helps! I'll keep everyone updated as progress is made. You can expect an update on the next prototype by mid-February. Michael, I've been getting a lot of requests for that one! So, yes, I think I'll add another 2.5mm 3-conductor jack on the bottom near the USB socket. Thanks! Hi Benni! Wow, thanks! Anyway, I'm still developing the final design for the bluetooth and will announce the specs later this week, but it should be around 10ms or so. Regarding the power supply -- it's internally running at 3.3v. I have yet to optimize the firmware for power-consumption, but I don't see why it couldn't go for days without a recharge. I'll test it out this week. One of the things though is that I can divide the system clock frequency, so to extend battery life when not connected to USB I plan to significantly slow it down (but without it being noticeable). Right now it's running at 16Mhz, but 1 or 2Mhz should be sufficient. I've got some testing and fine-tuning yet to do with all that. Anyway, all that to say I really don't have a clear idea of the battery life just yet. I want to stick with the internal lithium battery, though, because it keeps the design simple and flexible -- you could always have a power pack that takes AAs and powers the USB to extend the life. And in that case the internal battery can be like a giant capacitor so you can change the batteries when necessary without interrupting anything. But when that's not needed, the internal battery keeps the device simple and easy to maintain. As for additional inputs and outputs, I'm trying to limit the scope to the main features (this has to do with meeting the timeline, for one thing), and my original thought was to have unlimited options for accessories via the bluetooth interface. Thanks everyone for the comments and suggestions! I'll keep posting updates as development continues. And again, thanks for the support! Elijah Josh, the main factor in compatibility is whether or not the camera supports a remote release cable. Most SLRs do, but most Point-and-Shoots don't. IR should also work fairly universally, but I have no way of testing compatibility at this time beyond those mentioned in the project description. Panasonic DSLRs should work -- I'll be posting an update with a compatibility chart later this week now that I've done more research. Thanks again for your support! John, I've given a lot of thought to the power supply, and my original design was the AAA batteries, but due to the form of some of the components standard batteries would make it a bit bigger, and also it would be more difficult to the case. The built-in battery should last a long time (the exact time is yet to be determined), but at 400mAh it should be a while. Cold could shorten the battery life significantly, but it can also be charged (or externally powered) while running via usb port. Since the USB charging system is very universal, you could even use things like this with it: <url>" adapters out there already, so with the 1/4" idea, hotshoe is still a possiblity... Sounds good! Thanks! That's a good point, Don -- I'll just have to be sure I have the depth in the case -- things are pretty full in there! It would be cleaner, though, and you can always get adapters for the hot-shoe -> tripod mount, too. Thanks! Yes, that's a great idea, Don -- I've been thinking of either that or a hotshoe mount on the back -- do you think the 1/4" tripod mount would be more versatile? Anyone else have thoughts on that? Thanks everyone! Yes, I'm blown away by the response so far! And yes, I'm making plans to ramp things up! Thanks for your interest! Yes, weather-resistance is in the plans -- the prototype is already weather-resistant (keys, screen) except for the ports, but I plan to seal them from the inside so at least any water won't go all the way inside. So yes, not really waterproof, but weather-resistant.