@Brad - to stop getting project notifications, please go to: <url>"ears" will grip the glass enough to give you a solid-feeling typing experience. Thanks for your feedback. @Nancy - thank you as well! @Julien, sounds like something is definitely amiss with your Touchfire. Sorry about that! We will send you a replacement asap, but we also need to understand in detail what is going on. Please see followup message we are sending you right now. @Ronald, @Tyler, @Jason, @Aaron, @efindel THANK YOU!!! @Sharon, @Sue, @Rene please see my private message to you. @Charles- I've private messaged you the details of your shipment @Tyler - we would like to see your Touchfire to understand what is going on with it. In any case, we are sending you a replacement first thing Monday. @Jennifer - please see the message we sent you yesterday. @Carly- I've messaged details to you @Laura - Awesome! Test it out and let us know what your experience is like. We'd love to hear what it's like for you! @Yumi - Please see my direct message to you. @ Tom - Try adjusting the angle you're typing at. Flat, in your lap, etc. Let us know if these improve your experience and solve the space bar issue. @Jason- I have messaged you the details of your order. @Chris - Actually, we are a little busy getting Touchfires to all our Kickstarter backers right now. We will be following up on wholesale inquiries after we have gotten our last Kickstarter reward shipped... @bonmot- I see now. My message will explain :) @bonmot- See my message to you. It does not appear you pledged under this account. @Sven- I've messaged you with details on your order @Ronald - your Touchfire shipped today. @Kenneth - your Touchfire shipped today as well. Note that press reviewers were given pre-production units, not customer units. The pre-production units were made as part of dialing in the manufacturing process, and contain various flaws. All customer-quality units made to date have gone to our Kickstarter backers... @Nick - Cover clips will temporarily flatten the microfiber, but all you have to do is rub over the area a little bit to "fluff" the microfiber back up. I'd like to understand what's going on a little more; what you describe shouldn't be happening :-) Please contact me via a Kickstarter message. @Nancy - What you describe can occur if you put Touchfire on upside down. Also, the instruction sheet that comes with Touchfire has several pages of instructions, it just need to be unfolded. Please contact me. @Tobster, you've hit on a super-important aspect of Touchfire - it does take a little bit of time to get used to it. And as you say, @Janet, you also have to get used to the iPad keyboard layout. But you will do so pretty quickly if you keep at it, and then you'll be amazed at how much fun typing on an iPad can be. This is why we built the Typing Trainer app (www.touchfire.com/start). It should really help people get up to speed quickly on the iPad's keyboard layout and on typing with Touchfire. We'd love to get feedback on that as well. @Carol, we have tested with people with longer fingernails, and found that if your fingernails are getting stuck in the keyboard then you should try typing with your iPad flat instead of tilted at an angle. It is very important that your fingernails are able to clear the keyboard; that might explain why it feels like you need to press hard. Typing withTouchfire should not require very much pressure at all. Another thing we have heard is that the keyboards are coming out of the factory very clean, and therefore Touchfire might feel sticky or tacky when you first use it. This is a temporary condition that will go away after you use it for a bit... @Shari What's going on is your Touchfire is actually too clean right now. Touchfire was designed to work well in a typical environment where there is always a little bit of microscopic dust around. But coming fresh from the factory, Touchfire can sometimes be so clean that it actually sticks to the glass, which is what you are seeing. The solution is to get it a little dirty by putting both sides of it down on pretty much any slightly dusty surface. I know this sounds a little weird, but your Touchfire will never be this clean again, even after you run tap water over it in the future... @Carol - We are right on track and very excited! @ Lionel - we are going to put together a setup video for Touchfire; it will be ready when we ship. Touchfire supports Apple's new Smart Case 100%. In fact, it is one of the best cases for Touchfire that we have ever seen! @Ronald, please see the update that we just published... Update coming shortly, @Steve! @Arthur - yes, we are aware of what this company and similar ones are doing. The entire field of adding tactile to touchscreens is in its infancy. As often happens when "the time is right", radically different approaches emerge and battle it out in the marketplace. Touchfire has focused first and foremost on developing a great typing experience. Other companies have been primarily driven by integration with existing touchscreen manufacturing approaches. We believe this approach inherently leads to a not-so-great user experience. We continue to be extremely grateful that our Kickstarter backers have given us the opportunity to enter into this new market.The next few years will be very interesting! @Eytan, significant update coming shortly. We know that this one is taking a bit longer to get out than our normal two week cycle, but there are just a few more things we need to validate. Stay tuned! @Fred - We updated your reward to be an iPad 3 Touchfire. @PMorf, @Gene, @Martin - Thanks for your ideas and comments; we've discussed them further and really appreciate your technical input and ideas. @Cinde - Please see my Kickstarter message to you. @SG - Thanks! @Adam, Tyler - Thanks for your suggestions, will ponder... Hi, Amy. Update coming out this weekend. @Raphael - there are many magnets in an iPad in addition to the ones that hold the Smart Cover. Apple left the Smart Cover magnets alone, but decided to reverse the polarity of the large speaker magnet when they came out with the iPad 3. The speaker magnet interacts with a magnet on Touchfire. So an iPad 2 Touchfire will tilt when on an iPad 3, and an iPad 3 Touchfire will tilt when on an iPad 2. @Sharon, the iPad 3 version of Touchfire will not work with an iPad 2, and the iPad 2 version of Touchfire will not work with an iPad 3. @Barry, update coming later this week. @Alan, we are down at the factory right now, doing the final tooling and manufacturing process debugging. Once that is complete and we know how many units per day we can manufacture, we will send out a Kickstarter update with a ship date. Expect this update sometime next week. Thanks! @Jaladhi, Touchfire does work with the keyboard layout on the new iPad that now has a microphone button for exactly the reason you stated. @Devin, we are down at the factory right now, debugging our tooling and the manufacturing process. As soon as we are in volume production and understand how many units per day we can make, we will be able to accurately estimate delivery dates. And we will definitely let everyone know! Thanks. @Graham - Touchfire already works with both iPad 1 and iPad 2. We have many reasons to believe that it will also work with iPad 3. If, for some reason, it doesn't, we will make the required changes as fast as possible and slipstream into production. Can't wait to sit in front of an Apple store all day to get the first iPad 3 and find out. In any case, we will let you know as soon as we know... @Rene - New ETA coming as soon as we have all molds in house and have done a few test runs. @Nancy, please see the Kickstarter update I just posted, #16. It discusses this very topic. Hi, David. Yes, the Smart Cover can be rolled into a triangle with Touchfire attached to it. Touchfire is flexible, so it just bends with the cover. You also fold the cover in half with Touchfire attached. @Faith, Thanks! @Jennifer, there are lots of possible directions we could go in the future, and a vertically oriented Touchfire is one of them. We'll keep everyone posted about future product directions after we get our first one out the door! Hi, Vince. Since nobody really knows what the iPad 3 is, much less when it will ship, we plan on evaluating it as soon as it comes out and figuring out what to do at that point. For what its worth, my bet is that the iPad 3 is going to be similar enough to the iPad 2 that TouchFire will work on it without any modifications. But that's just a guess :-) Cheers, Steve Hi, Anne. The TouchFire Kickstarter project ended, so no more pledges can be made. But you can go to www.touchfire.com and reserve a TouchFire in the next production run after we fulfill our Kickstarter backers. Just click on the big orange button for details... Hi, Ippei. We are still estimating that we will be shipping at the end of February. See Update 12 for details... Thanks. Hi, Jeff. We are still estimating that we will be shipping at the end of February. See Update 12 for details... Thanks. Hi, Tommy. We think lots of people will use TouchFire for reading and writing email. TouchFire does not take up any more space than the iPad's on-screen keyboard, so you will not need to reposition it. Thanks Anna! Thanks, Toby & Philip! We really appreciate your thoughts. Thanks, Robert. You've been there from the beginning and we really appreciate that! Hi, Nkeiru. It was like New Years Eve over here as well, watching the countdown and getting over the $200K mark right at the end. Unbelievable! We want to say thanks to each and every one of our backers, who got us here. We are pretty exhausted right now, but we'll be back on it tomorrow. There's some updates we are working on that we think you'll find pretty interesting.. Thanks, Kristi! Thank you, Heather! And thank you, Chris! Hi, Shanikqua. Wow, that's great to hear. Thanks! Hi, Brian. We will be sending out an email survey about a week after our Kickstarter project ends to gather shipping information. Kickstarter doesn't give us the information you entered into Amazon. It's a little extra work on everyone's part, but that's part of the fun of Kickstarter! Hi, Ben. We are using a set of magnets that are compatible with the Smart Cover. But we do not include the magnet that causes the iPad to go to sleep. The sleep magnet is far away from the magnets that hold the Smart Cover down. Hi, Nick. We are looking at a variety of possible distribution options for TouchFire in the future. But right now we are 100% focused on getting TouchFire to our Kickstarter backers as soon as possible. Kickstarter backers get TouchFire before anyone else! Hi, Marci. TouchFire is cleaned by simply running it under tap water. You can also use a little dishwashing soap if needed. Then towel or air dry. Thanks, Joshua! Hi, Joshua. We would love to accommodate you, but our manufacturer will be packing TouchFire into its packaging (which also acts as the shipping container). They seal the box. so unfortunately we can't make substitutions. We hope that you will consider backing us anyway. Hi, Jasmyn. We are working hard right now on finalizing our manufacturer and our production schedule. We will send out an update as soon as we can give everyone a committed ship date. Note that we will be emailing out a TouchFire holiday coupon that you can print out and use as a "stocking stuffer" for Christmas. A giant thank you to all our backers getting us to the $100K mark and beyond. We are thrilled beyond belief! Hi, James. The TouchFire Web site is www.touchfire.com. But for the duration of our Kickstarter project www.touchfire.com is redirecting to our Kickstarter page. All information about TouchFire is right here! Feel free to send us a message if you have any questions. Hi, Peter. Thanks for your thoughts! We wanted to make sure that nothing in the package can move around. That way there won't be any damage no matter what happens during shipping. We were considering a tubular storage case for a while. It was actually a less expensive solution than our current storage case. But it was harder to use, and allowed TouchFire to rattle around inside. We really didn't like that, so went with the current "eyeglass case" design which allows us to keep everything securely in place. This then led to rectangular packaging, because that most closely matches the shape of the storage case. Hi, Ethan. Yes, the iPhone space is very interesting to us. We need to focus on making TouchFire for iPad a success right now, but this might be something we do in the future. Thanks! Hi, Eerational. We will be doing tracked International shipping via one of the courier companies (UPS, FedEx, etc) to ensure timely and reliable delivery everywhere in the world. We researched courier shipping prices and found that on average $25 was the cost. We just made a video showing how TouchFire works with the iPad 1. It is now on our main Kickstarter page. It can also be seen here: <url>