We have been updating our forums. Please surf by. <url>"survey" (which is how a Kickstarter project communicates with its supporters) to gather the info we need to set up the accounts. It will go out today or early tomorrow. @Reynaldo Gaylan - our goal is for a V1.0 release at the end of May.More information will be posted on the support forums on our website. An alpha release is available now with beta releases to follow in 2-3 weeks. @Nikki - thanks for your support. 802.11ac is much faster than any previous wireless techniques. And Droidifi quite a departure from web based GUIs. We will support the Asus RT-AC66U, Linksys EA6500, and the Netgear R6300 initially. Support for other hardware will follow. We have a FAQ here on our Kickstarter page or on our website at <url>"...the router is going to become the residential core..." Yes. You definitely get where we are going with this! Thanks for your support. Higher pledge level means we can quit our day jobs sooner and do this full time. Means more features and hardware support for you guys! The firmware is free, so you can upgrade to new versions anytime. The beta will support the Asus RT-AC66U, Linksys EA6500, and Netgear R6300. We will add hardware support for other devices as development progresses. Yes. But a full Linux installation might make more sense. Android is designed for small devices that lack a keyboard and mouse. But, sure, we could port it to x86/Atom. Our goal with the basic firmware is to offer similar features to OEM firmware with no bugs and a much nicer GUI interface. 1. Does the router have to be used as the main router for the firewall features to work. No. You could create a double firewalled "sandbox" network by plugging the Internet port into the first network. We do this during development all the time. It can cause NAT issues with games but otherwise works quite well. 2. Similar question, same server, Can the firewall intercept/block local network traffic that has to pass through the router. The basic firewall that comes with the free version does not have all of the features the add-on firewall app does. It will provide solid, basic firewall protection similar to OEM firmware. The add-on app contains an SPI (stateful packet inspection) firewall where you can redirect or drop packets depending on fine-grained criteria like protocol (Skype, web, bittorrent, etc), source or desintation ip address, and many more. 1) which Features are part of the Firmware base packet without appstore? We are developing a set of apps we call "basic", which include the basic features in stock OEM firmware. The firmware will come with apps like "firewall basic", "LAN basic", "QoS basic", etc. built in. 2) which Features will be free to use without the 20$/yr subscription? The basic app set that is part of the firmware build. 3) what happens if you buy a Feature=app via the appstore and then you end the subscription of the appstore? will you still be able to use the baught Features? Once you have installed an app on your router it will continue to run whether you are subscribed or not. 4) wouldnt it also be a feasible model to offer the appstore Access for free and Charge yearly fees for specific Features? Sure.. Our model is that our own apps are free once you have access to the app store. We also provide a support forum. App developers can offer their own apps for free or for an extra fee. If you want to sideload apps you can do so independent of our app store. The remote GUI is actually loaded via a web page, so we have a running web server on the router. We have discussed augmenting it as an auxiliary interface for basic admin tasks. We currently use it for two tasks: to access the GUI or to to reflash the router to stock firmware. The EA4500 would be a nice router to support. It has the same RAM and flash as the R6300. and a Marvell ARM 1.2 GHz CPU. We are currently focused on 802.11ac. Once we are moving forward with these routers, we will take a look at older devices. We are mainly focused on 802.11ac routers, which are in the $150-$200 range currently. We expect prices to follow the normal tech curve. Hopefully they will be sub $100 shortly.. Yes. The partner level becomes part of our inner development circle and receives the same development platform as a primary developer. As a partner you will drive the firmware features and apps. Apologies if that was not clear. The N600 has just 16MB of flash storage so it is unlikely. We may look at releasing a headless (i.e. no GUI) version for legacy devices like the N600 once the core firmware is finished. Of course! You can reflash stock firmware at any time. Hi Barry - 1) It is pretty much a pure Android business model. We think *you* should decide what features you want and not have to install a kitchen-sink one-size-fits-all firmware :-) 2) * cough* mumble canttalkaboutit mumble *cough* 3) We are shooting for a beta release sometime during the Kickstarter campaign Hi Barry - Q. How do you connect the framebuffer to the remote screen? A. We have written a custom Linux framebuffer driver. Q. Will you support VNC? A. Yes, you can connect using any VNC client. We include one that runs under HTML5 and is accessed via the on-board web server. Q. What DLNA (media) server will you use? A. We haven't created the final build and are looking at several DLNA media streaming servers. We imagine that several DLNA servers will be offered as add-on apps. You can pick and install your favorite. Q. Can one use another bootloader? A. Yes. Our test builds use the default CFE bootloader, but it has several disadvantages. The final release will chain CFE to Qi or a custom bootloader to decreases boot time from 30 seconds (or more) to under 5 seconds. Q. Will you support cramfs or squashfs? A. We use squashfs with LZMA compression. We overlay this with UBIfs and aufs to create a writable file system from the readonly squashfs boot. Q. Will you support the latest 4G modems? A. Of course! Q. Will the firmware be open source? A. Once the business model is self-sustaining our goal is to create a sub-project of the Android AOSP project. Droidifi will be Android AOSP with support and tuning for Wifi routers. We would like to add support for cable/DSL modems and other networking boxen as the project grows. Android is uniquely suited to embedded devices. In order to conserve battery life on phones, Android basically sleeps when the UI is not in use. On embedded devices this means that nearly the full CPU is available for network tasks when the UI is not active.