Working on the next lot, I'm working the list, so just be patient. If you want me to refund or sit there have a one on one love story in messages then let me know. Fixed! :) Everyone should now have received the surveys Thank you for the support guys! I still get haters, the report spam button doesn't do much :P Yup, just posted an update to let you know what's been going on. The Gaff Card designs was a bit lengthy but it was part of a reward, so it had to be done to perfection :) I will be posting an image of the mystery gift once it has arrived :D I'd rather not say, it'll be more cool to see rather than word it. ....and you're back. The project has never been and will never be in jeopardy. You're not part of this project, so why do you keep pledging £1 to comment then running away cancelling. You have told me over and over you don't like my designs, that is fine, not everyone will, but it doesn't mean everyone has to follow you. If you have already added £15 on from the "add-on section" for both decks, and you have added the multi-deck offer from my updates, you'll receive a "MYSTERY GIFT" If you haven't but wish to receive this "mystery gift", you must add £15 (for the 2 deck add-on) + Offer (£10 or £15 for the signed decks) Source: <url>"If you ride a bike to work, why hasn't everybody bought a bike and done it too?". Maybe because they don't want too? You don't have to print 2,500 of each colour. USPCC charge by design not colour. Backing a project is in a whole different world than actually creating a project. This is wrong again, you don't have to print 2,500 of each. In the words of Anamika (USPCC International Sales and Operations Manager), we charge based on design, not colour. It has been done, discussed and agreed between me and her. An Agreement has been set for these 2 designs. You can't just post and assume without actually knowing the facts. As I have said before, please just stop commenting. This is not the area to be bashing the project. Again, I will have to repeat myself. The 2 deck print is within the guidelines of having both printed with the same price, contact USPCC and find out yourself. Obviously you don't know, because they charge based on design not colour. (Fact you can add this to your so called knowledge). $16,000 - $20,000 for 5,000 decks? I'm sorry but you are wrong. I'm not going into detail here as the comment section is for backers to comment, not for you to bash and moan. So because it cost YOU this, it means it must cost me this too? If I had a broken leg, you must have a broken leg too, right? I don't mind backers giving "facts" but your facts are way off & I don't appreciate the loop hole of pledging £1 just to bash and spam. That is not how Kickstarter works, you are taking advantage of the system. Why pledge and write a nasty comment? First of all, please gather the facts first. I've heard you ambush alot of projects, just because you're bored. The 2 decks print is within the guidelines of having both printed with the same price, contact USPCC and find out yourself. As you have never dealt with them before, you shouldn't be jumping to conclusions. So seeing how your "buyers beware" wanring, how about not pledging £1 just so you can write negative comments. You had already spammed me stuff through messages, I get the hint, YOU DON'T like it. Shipping rates low? I don't think you even understand how it works. You only see other projects and guess how it should work, rather than actually looking, researching and knowing how much it'll cost and how to do it efficiently. Thank you for the amazing support! Good to see so many return :) Fingers crossed!