We're not taking any free features away, just adding a paid option for people that the email to SMS gateway wasn't functioning properly! Feel free to contact us at help.supermechanical.com with any questions. @architactics Email us at at <email>, so we can figure out what's going with your Twine. We'll get it working or swap it out if it's faulty. Hey all - the tracking numbers should not be a cause for concern. We're waiting on an answer from our shipper as to why they got mixed up, but ultimately the correct address is on each box. You will get your Twine. I apologize for the poor shipping information - automating/delegating this process has been a bumpy road, and as first-timers, we're learning as we go along. -John Twine can take some splashes, but it's not watertight. A ziploc will keep the moisture out. Yes, we neglected to mention why. My comment under the update explains it: <url>#comments If your address has changed, you can update it at <url>— just the bookworms who double-checked their homework. We still think you're great, though. Scott, very very kind of you. We work hard to live up to our backers' expectations, and as patrons you get to share some of the ride, good and bad. We're grateful to all of you. Alexandre, Larry - Twine gets its unique capabilities from its remote partner. As we always say, we designed Twine to be used without needing a "nerd degree", and our approach makes it much easier to set up and use - no software installation, no tethering to a computer, no fiddling with router settings to be able to see your data when you're away from home. Battery life would be vastly shorter and the Twine hardware would cost more. We understand the concerns with a cloud service, and we have worked hard to make sure that what we promised backers is secure and free forever to you. Karyn, we're close but not as close as we'd like, thanks to the production issues mentioned in the last update - but the first boards are being assembled in New Hampshire as I type. We'll go over the remaining schedule in the next update. - John Forgive us, writing comprehensive updates is a hard habit to break, especially when you want to do justice to the interweaving threads of the process. John, Spool stays free for Kickstarter backers - we're not ungrateful. I can foresee some additional services costing extra because we have to pay more for them, but we've got many more things to add to Twine/Spool for everyone. Scott, Twine is an online beast, and our server is an integral part of that. We get a lot out of our hardware because it offloads much of the work to our cloud. HTTP output is designed to send data from Twine to other services - we know that many of the programmers among you have neat things you'll do with this! - John Jim, that's the plan. We should have an update next week, but we're ironing out the issues that have come up in testing, and things are looking pretty good so far! Slow but steady progress. You're right, of course, and the timeline we laid out in Update #20 says it'd be about the end of July/beginning of August, depending on issues that crop up in testing/samples. We'll have enough info to adjust that as needed and update you in the next two weeks, but right now it looks like we're pretty close. We're sorry we don't always communicate well between updates - we're better at making, and the open development process is a new thing. We're still impressed by the level of enthusiasm, and we can't wait to get Twine in everyone's hands as soon as it's ready! Zeb, as in life, there are lots of twists and turns in developing any new electronic product. Big companies hide those and don't announce a product until it's ready, so it looks easy. We're a Kickstarter product, and we've tried to include everyone on this ride from early on. We're not going to waste your pledge by shipping something subpar early. If you like, we'll explain the nature of Kickstarter to your boss. Howdy from Texas, where we've settled in this week. We're rolling the beta units out in stages, so don't think we've forgotten you - you'll get an email. We've got a bunch testing wireless connectivity right now. We'll have an update in the next several days. Don't forget to register for the Spool website - a bunch of you still haven't! This goes double for beta testers. If you can't find the email we sent back in March, email <email> - John Don't worry - since Pebble is shipping in September we'll have time for that later. Our priority is still to get Twine great and in our backers' hands. We're working as fast as we can without skipping quality. Until our next update, check out the first circuit boards (pre-assembly) at the social network of your choice: <url>— Sleepless in Massachusetts We'll have one up in the next two days - it'll be a good one! Hello all - we've been quiet here, but that's because we're slogging through some of the unglamorous parts of making a electronic device. Thanks for bearing with us - we'll have an update next week. In the meantime, you can get a peek at one of the things we're working on: <url>— we'll do right by you. We've read all the emails about the new site and will reply to each as soon as we can. For those of you who have been asking about shipping, we'll have a way for you to make up forgotten international/Canada fees and to change your shipping address. And thanks for the design compliment, Cindy. I just told myself you liked it. :) - John Everything from now is a "pre-sale" and we don't charge until it ships. David, The emails went out today. Check your spam filter if applicable for an email with the subject "Register your Twine account". If you still can't find it, please contact us at help --at-- supermechanical.com Hi Felix, The plan at the moment is to use USPS for domestic shipments. In that case I think your PO box should work. Hey guys, No public web app yet---but we'll let you know the instant it's online. Also, more shipping date information to come soon. See the latest update! We're thinking of waiting to do the third survey until backers have Twine in their hands and get more ideas. A radiation sensor would be cool, though Geiger counters are pretty expensive. Susan, I'm sorry if things aren't clear. Look at the rewards column on the right side of the page. You backed at the $99 level, which doesn't include a T-shirt in order to get the price down. Twine doesn't ship to you immediately - how Kickstarter works is that you're giving us funds to help us complete our project, and that of course takes time. As it says on the side there, estimated delivery is March, and David and I are working 80-hour weeks to try to make it. Thanks to all our backers again, for your patience and support in making something great. - John Sean, yes - you'll be able to save rules and turn them on or off. Jonas, we're still scheduled to ship in late March. Obviously, we were not planning on making so many, but David and I (and helpers) are working overtime to get thousands(!) of Twines out the door, and have them be everything you expect. We'll keep you updated, of course. - John Chris, the shirts went out this week to the appropriate backers, and they are awesome. Update coming tomorrow. Sorry to hear you didn't get one of the pre-gift cards - did you submit your address when you requested it? Sorry to ask, but Kickstarter doesn't give me a way of looking up your info from your comment. Not that it would've been much use to you if you're giving your Twine to yourself! Laird, Twine will work from about 0º-140ºF, though we haven't stress-tested it yet. Beyond those temperatures, battery life starts to suffer. If your fridge is a big metal box, it might have trouble communicating through it, too. Doors are a perfect application for the magnetic switch. We're working double-time to make Twine great and look forward to sharing some cool new features with you soon. Exciting times! Sorin, there is one port to connect an external sensor. Supporting multiple sensors would've increased the complexity and therefore cost, but we recognize the demand, and we'll take a look at addressing this in the future. Right now, the way that you extend Twine with software is by tying the HTTP output to your own external code, so that you can trigger your own actions from Twine's sensors. We have more planned - but first we want to get Twine itself into everyone's hands. We'd say "water-resistant" since the case does have holes in it, but a splash here or there shouldn't hurt it. Twine will be pretty rugged, and we're tweaking the final case to make it as versatile as possible within our budget. David Luong, James pretty much hit the nail on the head. The breakout board is there to make it possible to hook Twine up to things we haven't thought of or had time to build sensors for yet. Once we get a little further a long the road, I want to make a video or two that shows how easy it is to make a DIY connection to all sorts of things using the breakout board. I think you'll be impressed by how easy and flexible it is. We're preparing a messageboard for our community - we love all 3,966 of you and want to keep you hanging around to share your ideas, how-tos and results with others. Patrick, that sounds right. magestik, the breakout board has 3.3V power, ground, and an analog/digital input. Steve and Lee, we'd love to let you choose the backer-voted sensors as part of the pledge package, but they cost quite a bit more and we'd lose money there. Thanks for the suggestions - we will be looking into them once we catch our breath! And of course thanks for supporting us, everyone. This is crazy. Stefan, cool idea. We'll look into something custom, but this should be pretty easy for a programmer to do using our HTTP Request output, and maybe the growlnotify command line tool. Janie, One more comment---it's important to remember that Twine is not a medical or health/safety device. We're really proud of our product and what it can do, but it isn't designed or tested for applications where failure to operate would endanger human life or property. Sorry for the downer message, but we don't want anything bad to happen to you. Janie, this could be done in theory. How would Twine know that you are sick enough to need an ambulance? You could carry it in your pocket, and it might alert someone if you fell (but it would do the same if you just dropped it). Or you could use the motion sensor and if it doesn't detect motion for a while, it could alert someone. Maybe another backer has a smart idea here. Christian, the breakout board works with digital and analog inputs. What Twine gets from this is a number, and your rules look for a specific number or range. So if you connected some sort of a switch, you look for a 1 if you want to know when the switch is on, and 0 when it's off. Or to touch on Paul's comment, you could connect your own analog light sensor to the breakout board, and the number that Twine gets could be between 0 and 255, corresponding to the amount of light. There's some more fiddling with settings, but then the breakout board is for people who want to try other inputs. We'll post more instructions as we polish it. TWINE ALL THE THINGS Christian, the $165 reward includes the breakout board, magnetic switch, and moisture sensor, in addition to Twine's internal temperature and vibration sensors. Sorry for the confusion between these three and the three sensors that backers vote on to be produced to buy later. Happy holidays, all! Thanks, Channa. (And everyone, really.) Celestino, good ideas. The more funds we raise, the more we can build on top of Twine, and faster. Andrew, Twine will be able to connect to more than one access point. Gomisan, our margins are tight and we didn't want to burden all backers who didn't want a t-shirt. We're working hard to deliver Twine as promised, and will continue to add more of the features that you want to grow Twine afterward. We know you're impatient to get Twine and see it grow, and we are too! Wow, the Kickstarter newsletter gave us our biggest day yet - thanks to our newest backers, and to our early backers for sharing the project! Gerald, we think a GPS sensor would be nice, but it'd have limited usefulness since you need an Internet connection to transmit the information. Still, we're thinking about it for the future. As for output, we agree that it opens up many possibilities. We're focusing on delivering what we've promised to backers right now, but stay tuned! Christian and everyone else, we easily hit the three $10K targets to offer three new sensors, so we've been asking for sensor suggestions. We're going to put the best ones up for a vote by backers, starting in the next few days. James - yes, you can have multiple rules per Twine. Thanks for your very necessary backing! Every bit helps us make Twine better, faster. Craig, yes - you'll be able to use multiple Twines in your rules. We'll proceed slowly with boolean logic at first to make sure that ease of use doesn't suffer. robhafernik, Gautham - Right now we're focused on making the Spool rules as easy to use and flexible as possible, as promised to our backers. We will keep our advanced users in mind as we plan how to grow from there. All - thanks for backing and for your enthusiasm which continues to impress us. We're excited too! We are swamped with correspondence so forgive us if we're a bit slow to respond sometimes, but we read it all. 1000! I can't believe it. You guys rock!!! Max, Great idea! We'll send it out a little closer to the Holidays. ¡Muchas gracias por tu entusiasmo! (...y perdóneme por mi Español) Timur, In Spool you'll be able to upload and "configure" the your new DIY sensor. Jeremy, That's great! Glad to hear everything is working for you. Timur, Before we ship, we'll document the interface in such a way that it will be possible to make your own external modules. If that sounds less appealing, the breakout board will make it much easier roll your own. John, The exact time is a variable that we're playing with to optimize power consumption. Hadn't thought of that sort of rule, but it should be possible to implement. Can't promise a specific date though. Christian, Twine uses a carrier's SMS email gateway to handle text messages. If the recipient's carrier is on this list, then it's a good chance you'll be able to send an SMS: <url>"cloudness" of Twine: John and I made a decision early in the project to make Twine a cloud driven device. Hosting Spool in the cloud has number of advantages such as increased battery life, elimination of connectivity issues related to routers and personal firewalls, and enables us to seamlessly add new features for all existing customers without firmware upgrades, etc. The architecture has been designed to be as robust as possible in the event of network connectivity issues, but ultimately Twine *is designed to be an extension of the Internet*. I understand that for some folks, a physical device tightly so coupled to the cloud may feel a bit unique and possibly strange. If that is the case, I offer two thoughts: 1. We simply could not create the seamless end-to-end experience that make Twine unique without this sort of architecture. The capabilites of a cloud-enabled Twine are not limited by the hardware in the device itself, and thus can constantly be refined and increased. 2. Cloud based services don't have to be scary. We are asking you to trust us to take care of you, just like you do Gmail, Dropbox, Facebook, and Flickr. Lastly, Kickstarter you guys rock. Your support and constructive criticism are greatly appreciated. Together we are going to make Twine *FANTASTIC*. Hi Michel, Our web app, Spool, does indeed run in the cloud. Twine itself has a WiFi radio in it that connects to the Internet via your router. On the first start, Twine itself creates a wireless network that you can connect to for initial network setup. From there on, it's straight to the internet!