@Guy-Justin Nuyda Our public profile is intentionally quiet so we can focus on keeping momentum with limited resources, but the project is very much alive and progressing. It will still be some time before we start posting again, but we will absolutely re-engage our backers when the time is right. Despite the bumps along the way, this project would not existed without all of your involvement. For those that haven't been following the latest news, we wanted to leave a couple links to the updates most relevant to the project's current status: Reflections: <url>"backers only" and only available here. @Jonah Libster Thanks Jonah. As you say, it's a cost versus time thing. We don't have much of either, but we're trying to be flexible :) @Roland Starke They will be created randomly, but guided so that they're meaningful and interesting. It's the same mechanism that generates the story events that you play in the game, and it will be tuned to making something that fits within the world and doesn't give the player a clear advantage or disadvantage. We can't have backers choose the elements in the story fragment (because of how complex they are), but we'll give each backer the choice between two fragments. Whichever one is picked will become bound to that backer, and the other will be returned to the pool. @Anonymous Your answer to @Nader Ghazi Hobballah is shorter than ours, and is just as correct. Thanks! @Nader Ghazi Hobballah We tried to make those digital rewards cool and unique, but not something that makes you feel like you're being excluded from "premium content" if you don't have them. The story fragment is a strategic jumping off point (and special token to the backer), but it doesn't necessarily give them an advantage over a player that doesn't have it. The short version is that we don't want to be in the business of withholding premium content and then charging for it (we just don't like that as developers), and we hope that we've been successful in avoiding that. If we're wrong and players overwhelmingly feel cheated once they see what we're offering, then we'll rethink our position. Thanks for backing! @Roq Sounds like an interesting strategy. We definitely have at least a Steam Greenlight campaign in our future. @Jonah Libster For sure it has some real benefits. We're a small team with a trim schedule, and any time spent managing this kind of stuff is time we're not working on the game. We just have to balance the benefit we may get against how much time it will all take. This doesn't mean we're not doing it by the way. We're just being cautious before we make any commitments. Ideally we would like to hire a community manager (who might also handle the maintenance of something like this), but at least at our current funding this seems unlikely. We're staying flexible though and are fully exploring all our options. @KogX Thanks for the suggestion about using indiegogo for additional goals! Some other Kickstarters have left some of their rewards open via PayPal after the end of their campaign. We weren't originally planning to do that, but we're investigating it now as an option. @Anonymous We absolutely want to keep the community together. We currently have Facebook, Google+, Twitter, the Kickstarter updates page, and finally the website/blog. Not having forums is probably an oversight. We're looking into it right now! @Josh Bishop Thanks for the heads up! We read a Kickstarter post mortem that said something similar. Thank you everyone for your support! An update will follow, but I just wanted everyone to know that we're sifting through the flood of comments and reading each one. We haven't forgotten you, and now that we've reached our goal your feedback is more important than ever before! For those asking about the other platforms (especially Linux), we want to put Unwritten on as many platforms as it will play well on. If we can't get the extra money needed from Kickstarter then extra platforms will follow the PC release, provided we make enough money to fund them. Based on the current level of interest in the game that seems very likely. We're also discussing other funding options to get the extra platforms, but more on that will follow. Not to worry: Mac and Linux versions are at the top of our list. Hey everybody! We're doing that live-tweet game marathon thing (<url>"Plan B" for weeks, and will continue to do so. We can promise that we're going to explore every opportunity to get Unwritten made. However, we can also tell you that the market for fund raising is difficult right now (even here on Kickstarter). Many business types still have no faith in the PC as a market (which we don't agree with), and consoles are right at the end of the life-cycle making publishers extra conservative. We have a few options, although none are anywhere near as good for the game as getting this Kickstarter funded right here, right now. At the end of the campaign we'll give you all the specifics, one way or the other. However, right now there is much that is up in the air, and even on Kickstarter the climate is changing all the time. We're devoted to this game, and we're devoted to you, our audience. Please keep the questions and comments coming. We're here to talk to you. @JeroenB Sorry we didn't get on this sooner. We'll see what we can do about those poster add-ons. I believe you're not the first person to ask about it. @Svend Andersen I could be misunderstanding you, but I think we've got those add-ons already. <url>"rename" Panda Mittens Software to Roxlou Games, but Amazon Payments would only verify the company under its original name (we had a bit of trouble with them and we decided to stop going back and forth with them on it). The short of it is that your pledge will go directly to the project, not through some intermediary. Roxlou Games *is* Panda Mittens Software LLC, by matter of a technicality. These are the less exciting aspects of indie game development. @Joel Sigal lick·start·er [lik-stahr-ter] noun 1. A small damp sponge used to moisten the tongue before a particularly strenuous session of sealing envelopes. ...nah, we're just messing with you. Welcome and thanks for your support! @Blackstaff @Lewis @David Silva We want to address this in an update, most likely before the weekend is out. A lot of people are asking us directly about what happens if the project fails to meet its goal and what we have planned to generate more interest in Unwritten. We think these are fair questions and we plan on answering them. We will say that this final week is going to be interesting. This is when a stalled Kickstarter comes back to life (if it's going to do so), and we aren't 100% sure what the reaction is going to be. In the mean-time we have new updates and interviews coming. No matter what we're committed to giving the project every possible chance of success. @Blackstaff Looks like tomorrow. We want it up before RPS does their next Kickstarter Katchup. We don't want to give everything away, but we've been collaborating with a well known indie games artist to give us some fresh insight on the "real world" of Unwritten. It's been a bit tricky getting our schedules to line up (longer than we had originally planned), but the results are very cool. Hopefully we won't keep you waiting much longer! @KogX Yep, it goes to show what a big difference a little exposure makes. That's why it's important that we keep on pushing to get Unwritten featured on game sites. One really prominent post could make the remaining goal overnight. One thing we've learned is that the smaller game sites are notoriously slow in both responding to email and in posting new content, which it tough when you're running a 30 day campaign. That does mean that we'll most likely get a lot of coverage in our last week, but the drawback is that things are slower right now in the middle. @JaqFrost Definitely going to get some forum avatars to you guys. Getting that done now. @JaqFrost and @Blackstaff Thanks for the feedback on future updates. Those are all good suggestions! @David Isaac Frohman Like most Kickstarter projects, nearly all our backers come from outside referrals, usually from articles posted on game websites and blogs. We haven't had any press the last few days, so we have fewer backers. Lee and Joe have done some interviews that haven't yet been published, so there is some stuff on the horizon. It's a bit of "feast or famine" for game news right now, so a temporary lull doesn't spell the end of the project :) Note that we are also working on new updates, specifically regarding our art style, but because we are working with contributors that have their own part-time schedules these aren't as timely as we would like. Of course if we get the funding we need these kind of worries would be a thing of the past. @JaqFrost This is definitely true. There will continue to be updates as quickly as we can put them together. @David Silva Lulls in a campaign aren't uncommon (especially when we haven't been in the news for a bit), but we have reached a crucial milestone. Projects that reach 30% or greater of their funding in the first two weeks have a much higher chance of success, and we've hit that with plenty of time to spare! Of course there is a ways left to go, and we need to keep promoting as best we can, but this is certainly something to take pride in. @David Isaac Frohman We couldn't agree more :) @Lewis We just saw that over at RPS. We're big fans of the site and the quality of its reporting, so that was a particularly bright spot in our day. @KogX You're right that we can't put together a strategy guide yet because the game isn't finalized. However, we're going to target the style and quality that you might see in an official strategy guide for print. So it will contain a lot of reference screens from the game, maybe a few pieces of concept art or stand alone art for reference, and quotes from the game's underlying story to give it some flavor. One thing we'll have that you might not see that in other strategy guides is that we'll have development anecdotes all over the place (basically little behind the scene stories about creating each part of the game). We'll have similar stuff in the art book, but of course there the focus will be on the process in creating our visual style, while the strategy guide will talk about the challenges in designing the game. We'd like to do a mockup of all the rewards (even those not yet fully designed), but we're starting to get a hefty list of update requests. Hopefully, we can get something more complete put together, but for now we hope the decription helps. @Blackstaff Ha, well we'll do our best :) @Blackstaff The specifics on that aren't finished yet, but we do know that the game is going to be tuned and balanced for a "hardcore" audience, meaning it's going to be hard as hell. We're going to have a minimum a "normal" skill level as well, for new players to learn how to play and for a less intense experience (FTL is a good example of this), but the hardcore setting is going to be how the game is designed to be played. As for your question about units, yes units have attributes that the special abilities modify. Example stats are hunger, health, strength, movement, and vision. You aren't going to see a huge number of stats, but a handful that have direct, meaningful impact. @Lewis and @Blackstaff Yup, a full gameplay update will be dropping late tonight or early tomorrow morning. That said, I can say that the game has a interesting ebb and flow to it. Combat is simplified as in a game like Civilization, you battle simple by moving your unit onto the tile of an enemy, and you already know the odds of success before doing so. A huge part of the game is managing your resources and acquiring new ones. Resources include food, roxlous (a llama-like animal that serves as currency), and most importantly new units. Getting new resources has you doing a number of interesting tasks like participating in story-events, engaging in diplomacy with other clans, and exploring the tundra. A huge focus is on unit abilities. Units have unique, randomly generated abilities and no two are alike. The odds are nearly always stacked against you, but through clever use of your unit abilities and careful selection of what units you recruit, you can persevere. Unwritten often feels like a collectible card game or tabletop game where you construct a deck or army and then execute a strategy with unique actions. However, in Unwritten you're constructing your "deck" and executing it at the same time. I know this leaves many questions unanswered, but the full update goes into each point in depth. We're taking a little extra time to make sure we have some graphics to illustrate the gameplay points. Thanks everybody for being patient. @Todd Sibelius, those are some cool ideas! We love the idea of further exploring the concept of successive generations. We'll have to fiddle with them in the context of our game, but those concepts seem like they would fit perfectly. This will be detailed further in a coming update, but we do have a feature involving your previous playthroughs, although it's expressed in a different way. In the game you collect "story fragments" for participating in a story event, which details what decision you made out on the tundra. Once per game you have the option of sending one fragment back home using a carrier pigeon. If you do this and then later die, you have the option of restarting as the next generation of your clan. As the next generation you now start with the story fragment you sent home via pigeon, only now it has grown into a "legend". This means that both the positive and negative aspects of the story have grown, making it more powerful but also more volatile. You may also keep passing the same story down through the ages. The legend will keep getting bigger and larger than life, but it may be so dominant that it ends up affecting your ability to survive. Beyond the "pigeon" feature we also like the idea of seeing old campsites and the like, but we haven't tried that yet. Great suggestions! @Josiah We are multi-monitor users, so multi-monitor support is compelling. However, we do not have experience with writing games this way so it's one of many things we'll have to investigate. That's not a "no", but it will be balanced against other features later on. Interface customization is a definite "yes". Since we'll be releasing the developer tools you'll be able to change anything, and the interface is just one aspect of that. Our schedule is tight, so extras like a color-blind mode are more likely to come in a patch rather than at launch time. That said, we have good friends that are color-blind, so we're more motivated than most to follow up on that. @Josiah System Requirements: we don't have the exact system requirements dialed in, since we're still experimenting with the look of the game. Our strategy is to create an expressive, interesting art style that runs on as many machines as possible. The game is also hand-drawn 2D (with some interesting 3D trickery thrown in to make things interesting), so our system requirements will likely be modest. Right now I'm making sure the prototypes run on my near-ancient laptop, an Intel Duo 2.20GHz. I (this is Joe) have a lot of graphics/system programming experience, so I'm confident that we can keep our minimum requirements at least this low, if not lower. Threads: yeah we're doing some of that, mostly for pathfinding, visibility determination, etc. Basically the heavy duty gameplay stuff related to all the units on screen. As you say, a game with a lot of units has a lot of CPU work to do. As for an option to control thread affinity, that's a good idea and we'll look into it. SLI: I don't think SLI is going to help you out much on this game, since we're not going to be taxing graphics hardware for the kinds of stuff that would give you a noticeable improvement. Don't get me wrong, it's going to look great, but it's hand drawn 2D so you're not going to be getting more pixels if you run it at an absurdly high resolution or anything like that. Our focus will be on compelling gameplay first and good looking effects second, and then usually ones that scale well depending on your hardware. Multi-player: single player is our focus and our schedule is limited. I want to explore the possibility of asynchronous multi-player or something unique for a potential expansion or for a sequel; however, Unwritten is single-player only at this time. Thanks @Espen! We'll definitely look into doing some Kickstarter addons. @Espen, we know the Banner Saga guys a little bit and they gave similar advice about physical rewards. Plus we have a limited part of the 75,000 goal set aside for Kickstarter fulfillment, so we only have so much wiggle room there. That said, we're always looking for ways to make the rewards cooler for the backers without jeopardizing the project, so we're keeping an open mind to all suggestions. As for more details on how the game is actually played, you're right that things are a bit lean. We're working on an update right now to give me people more information. We'll be sure to also update the front page with some of that info and a link to the update. Thanks for supporting us and giving feedback! Every little thing each backer does to spread the word and improve the project is a big help! We've been trying to gauge the interest in physical rewards, since they suck up a lot of time and energy on our end. Feedback like this really helps our decision making. If enough people are into the idea we'll definitely look into it. Hey *Josiah*. Our game is indeed "rogue-like", but it's also a strategy game and an interactive story book. That does mean the tools required are pretty broad, so you'll probably be able to make some interesting stuff that we didn't anticipate. We hadn't thought about specifically targeting old rogue-like games, but we did think about writing/hosting some tutorials on how to create different kinds of mods. That might be an interesting tutorial subject when we tackle that in the future. Thanks *Blackstaff*! We love talking about the game, and that sounds like a great update. Stay tuned... Hey Brent, thanks for your support. We hear you on the request for additional reward tiers. We've had other people say the same thing, and we're brainstorming a new set of affordable rewards for people to upgrade to as we speak. Also for those that are curious, here's that RPS editorial that *Charles George* mentioned: <url>