David Muñoz de la Peña Sequedo is working on final layout as I type BUT I will give you a peek of some of the 99% finished versions in just a bit. @ Marc - Sorry, don't look on your porch tomorrow morning. You'll be disappointed :-) Regarding the AFV art file, you can't see all the images? @ Andrew - Ron Volstad is still slotted to complete the cover. As for the rules, there is no dedicated artist as we have one common backdrop behind the text and then images of cards throughout for the examples. We have already posted, both before and after the freezing of the $265k, that we intend to proceed with printing both Up Front and Airborne In Your Pocket. The art is proceeding wonderfully as you have seen from posts here and on BGG by Brad. We have posted the updated rules and responded to your input to those rules. Some of you may not feel that art is enough to show progress but that is what is going on for the production of the game presently. Art is a BIG part of this game. @ all - Please keep in mind, with the unfortunate turn for the worse in Ron Volstad's health, we were forced to find new artists in very short notice :-( We have added Peter Dennis, Steve Noon, Stephen Walsh, Adam Hook, Gerry Embleton and Sigve Solberg so far and still waiting on a few more to decide. We hope to post some of Sigve Norwegians shortly here, Gerry is doing the Italians right now, Peter is working on the Australians, Steve is working on the Japanese, Adam is just starting the Soviets and Stephen is tackling the 101st. But please understand, this IS a delay and artists simply cannot drop everything and pick up work for Up Front :-( @ kduce42 - not for some time still. We have learned from Airborne and D-Day Dice that our customers move A LOT. It is very time consuming dealing with all the address changes and can be minimized simply by sending out the survey later. Thank you everyone for an amazing run. This was by far our most intensive campaign and we could not have done it without you the supporters and our team of experts and consultants. Our hats go off to all of you. Now let's get to production! @ Andy - we don't send the survey until after the campaign and after funds have been collected. Happy New Year from Calgary and Radiant Gaming. Best wishes to all in the coming new year. @ Christopher - Rik AND Torben :-) @ Teamski - Like we said, we wanted to get you the bag as much as you all wanted it :-) Be sure to stay tuned for future Radiant Gaming Kickstarter projects so we can take care of you again in the future :-) @ Esoba - I'll ask when I send the email :-) @ Esoba - There will be no limit on Canada or US for FSSF but we will differentiate on the cards for the following reason; The Canadians wore their own uniform until the issue of US stuff. Even after that, on the American dress uniform, Canadians wore CANADA insignia on the collar lapels, EM on a collar disc that read CANADA and officers a plain CANADA where American officers wore the U.S. device. Unofficially, officers retained bits and pieces of regimental kit to the end of the war/disbandment of the FSSF in late 1944, but usually only wore it on home leave. Otherwise, outwardly, there was supposed to be no way to tell. However... Canadians were not permitted to wear the Combat Infantry Badge, and were paid differently than their American counterparts, so there were definitely distinctions, though outwardly, the combat uniform was the same, and the two nationalities were integrated. The right to wear the CIB was granted about 60 years after the war. In theory Canadians were supposed to be half the force but I think were only about 1/3 during the fighting in Italy. @ John - You will all receive full retail copies. @ Darren - the minor nationalities will be in tuck boxes for retail sales. @ Milan - That is correct. You will indicate what you bought on the post-campaign survey that we send out. @ Ray - Why yes, you can up your amount a bit. Simply adjust your pledge :-) Base game $49.95 5 major action expansions and Devil's Brigade $25 to $30ish each Minor nationalities and other expansions $12 to $15ish each @ will - Yes, over a few years. We cannot release all this at once as most store owners would not appreciate that. @ Michael N. - If you are in the US, then yes you would pledge $120. @ Esoba - Yes :-) @ Daniel - We will NOT release the rules to the public for proof reading. We might as well change the release date to 2113 then :-). Unfortunately, too many people know the written language best and we would just have forum after forum of people commenting on how their suggestion for grammar was not adopted. We'll release it for all to see once it's done and if we catch some GLARING errors, great, but format and grammar will be pretty closed. This isn't, after all, a literary essay but rules for a game :-) @ Tommy - FAQ updated. @ Darren - Action cards will remain standard 62 x 88. They are held in a hand and they need to be full sized. As for opaque sleeves, you can't do that with personality, weapon or AFV cards as they have information on both sides so availability of opaque cards in this smaller size was not a consideration. Yikes! All's quiet on the front, I decide to take kids out to spend some Christmas money from grandparents and I come back to the sound of machine gun fire!?! Two pages of comments to catch up on :-) @ Bruno - Oops, as soon as I hit send I realized you meant TOTAL, not additional. :-) @ Bruno - ?!? We have $46,020 to the bag and $46,202/$148 = 311 more backers required. 104/day. We are trying to work with Mayday game to see if they will produce a premium sleeve for the 54 x 80 cards. @ Kevin - :-) We wouldn't have gone with a size that didn't have sleeves available. @ Matt - Done. We HAD final art for Personality cards until we posted the art for the AFVs and then everyone liked the art posted by Lana Knoll. With so much resounding support for her design, we asked her to join us and help us work to a nice continuity across all cards based on what we had and what she did. Then came Christmas... So, hopefully tonight we will show a Personality card (non-final because we are putting MUCH thought and effort into these cards) but it will show enough of the beauty for people to feel comfortable with how the cards will look. @ "number crunchers" - We have it currently trending towards $299k with a 28.7% 4-day push and only $234k if we maintain the current 7-day moving average of $4,587/day. @ Erik - you can do that. Your example would then cost $125 + $45 + $115 + $25 + $80 + $25 = $415 You will have the opportunity to indicate this in the post-campaign survey. @ Andre - to a maximum of 2 additional copies. @ soulchief - Note that you will NOT get the Soviets, French, Italians, Japanese and British though. The $40 tier only gets base game (Germans and Americans) and all stretch rewards. @ soulchief - All of them. Really you say?!? Yes! Tell your friends! :-) Oh, and our model averages the last 7 days BEFORE the 4-day push so that $1471 day really affected our model. Our forecast tool has us trending towards $298k as ours is NOT linear and compensates for a big 4 day push (historically between 20.5% and 34.4% of final funding raised for other "big" Kickstarted board games). But, it's just a forecast and if it's wrong, we''ll tweak it based on this campaign's results and do another campaign :-) @ Henrik - Welcome to the Army! You will state your choice of nationalities on the post-campaign survey that we send out. We will not be using any language symbols on the cards. This is an English edition of the game. We will, however, use nationality specific ranks. @ Shane - If you write a good scneario with him in it, it might just happen :-) Sorry, I meant "past years" :-) Regarding scenarios, a few members of the team are dedicated to looking through all the scenarios over the past year and determining which ones to consider and which to discard. Then, we need permission to use them. However, we are also considering putting out a "call for submissions" shortly for three categories; General Scenarios Historical Scnearios Historical Campaigns We will offer prizes to all who's submissions we choose to publish. Should be fun! @ James and Roar - Correct, sorry about that. Mislinked a file :-( @ Mark J - Man, we've been saying, "no pun intended" for months now. Its crazy :-) @ Marc ADDA - No extra cash, correct. It is a risk that we have calculated will generate enough for the bag and then more. Remember, the sooner we get the bag, the more time people have to finally decide, "OK, I just can't resist." We are selling the D-Day Dice bag for $25 and it moves VERY well. @ Charles - Last two weeks are critical! Post too early and people forget and we get TONS of post-campaign emails from people saying "I missed out, how can I get on board?". Post too late and people don't have time to react or spread the word and we get TONS of post-campaign emails from people saying "I missed out, how can I get on board?" One thing's for sure, we're gonna get lots of email once the campaign is over :-) @ Charles - Should be on tablet first, we think. Find us a good developer that isn't back-logged by two years and we'll get this out on tablets next year too :-) Sorry Marc, stupid auto spell check :-( @ Marc ADDAMS - yes, group tokens for all nations. Regarding extras to buy - Yes, this would DEFINITELY bring up the total BUT that is a false total. Those extras that get purchased also have to be printed. In addition, not only 1024 as of the time I write this but we have minimums to print at the printer. This is where some Kickstarter campaigns suffer financially. So in this campaign, if we added say Korea, Indo-China and Arab-Israeli wars for purchase, we would get to $200k overnight. But then, we are committed to printing USMC, Folgore, SS and leather rulebook AND Korea, Indo-China and Arab-Israili wars. However, that money is just enough for us to print USMC, Folgore, SS and leather rulebook and we are forced to print 3500 copies minimum of the additional wars too. @ Sayburr - Pretty darned good ;-) @ matt - BUT, that is why we are including extra tokens. Before, you could only ever play one game at a time. Now, however, you can be using two different decks and four people can be playing. Even with extra tokens, this was not possibly in original. @ John - That was quick! :-) @ Marc ADDA - For ONE additional game, yes. For multiple, please contact me as the game with all cards is coming in at almost 15 lbs now! Not many games at that weight can be absorbed free of charge :-) @ Charles - We've created one and will offer it to all the BGG supporters at campaign end. @ Teamski and Marc - But, there are always optional rules... Hypothetically, in DYO you could introduce additional terrain cards so at the beginning of the game you could take all terrain cards, shuffle them together and then just put the original number of cards back in. Yes, this would change the balance of RNCs but this is war, who can really calculate the end result? Card counting is more difficult this way too. Anyways, this wouldn't be for tournament play but for DYO and certain scenarios. @ Marc ADDA - Agreed and implemented. You'll see in the next few days as we start to show sneak peaks of the Action Cards. Well, since we are all on the stats thing now, if we were in the last 4 days of the campaign now, and extrapolated from the last 4 day performance of D-Day Dice (29.5% of total in last 4 days) and Airborne (20.5% of total in last 4 days) and, assuming that the higher a campaign is at in the last few days results in a higher end push, Up Front should get to $194. 826 IF there were only 4 days left. Now, we have LOTS of teasers coming - Rules, Terrain Cards, AFV cards, surprise appearance by Devil's Brigade (oops, was that my out loud voice?). So, if we take our LOWEST daily gain of $1350 and apply it over the next 18 days, we get to $153,313 before the end 4 day push. Then, the last 4 days should get us to between $231,522 and $275,131. So, this is BASIC example of what goes on behind the scenes here in order to calculate IF we can offer more free stuff at some point and when to do it. @ Marc ADDA - Yes, Ron Volstad paints, with brush and paint, all the soldiers. That is how we can offer the original boards to pledgers in the COL tier. @ Pharmpro - agreed it is holding things back a bit and it is unfortunate. There will be MANY disappointed people in the world that will see UP FRONT on the shelves and wish they had supported here so they'd have all the expansions in hand rather than waiting for them to be released. Thank you to all our supporters to date and here's to hoping we can really ramp things up moving forwards. @ Jacob - Yes, you get two copies of EVERYTHING. Tiers now open... We intend to keep the US airborne cards reserved for the Band of Brothers, sorry. That is just too cool not to do! @ Teamski - Regarding action backs, yes they will have appropriate backs for their deck. Winter will have winter on the back etc... @ Brian and Philip - Yes, it is a larger gap but by that time, people will be seeing that they get $300+ value in game material and rulebook for $125. We have chosen to offer many goodies early to make the campaign look better sooner. We still hava a month to go so spread the word! :-) @ Dustin - But that's what the canvas carrying bag is for :-) However, the base game has a box, all 5 additional major nationalities has a smaller box and all minor nationalities already come in a tuck box. @ AnotherHorrorFan - Oops, my bad (and terribly sorry for the misinterpretations NasosP)! Yes, the AFV cards will be 70 x 110mm @ NasosP - Margin of 10mm? We are using bigger cards because we are using the space to put the information for AFVs. They are not bigger just because we wanted to but to make the information less crowded. @ Richard - They know UP FRONT is coming. There WILL be a re-run :-) We are working with them to bring you your sleeves at $300k @ Jacob & Sam - 70 x 100 is a standard sleeve size by MayDay Games <url>"US residents only" is sold out now. The M/SGT tier which, "Ships worldwide" is unlimited and is the same thing. I just had to make another identical tier because international customers were not comfortable pledging and stating "US resident" even though the address is actually collected at campaign end by a survey. @ Christopher - The $150+ of free stuff just for pledging as little as $40 is the big incentive to newcomers between $200k and $300k. @ Chistopher - Processing.......... @ Christopher - Ohhhhhhh (bright light comes on over head)! A nice felt roll-out with UP FRONT on it! Maybe 48" x 18"? Hmmm.... @ Christopher - The cards will be pretty darned close to Dominion already. I can't say exact because I will not be using that printer and card stock varies so much from printer to printer. Also, I don't know what weight the core material or art paper is for Dominion so I can't say, "just like Dominion". We would rather provide some more small expansions than better card stock as you would expect a good product right out of the gates no? @ Paul - No LFL on this one as we really intended to put out as much as possible in this campaign. Regarding rulebook, the leather rulebook is a bonus. You still get all the rules in each of the boxes. @ Teamski - If all goes well, we get the Fins BEFORE he new tiers get released and then immediately see the Greeks right behind :-) @ Jorge - There are a few expansions in the oven currently that will likely see Kickstarter exposure within a year or so. @ AnotherHorrorFan - Sorry. Yes, we will trickle that stretch reward nations into game stores over a year or two. @ AnotherHorrorFan - The statement at the end of each nationality not yet reached will be as follows, "There is some risk that the SS stretch reward is not reached but we feel it will be reached based on the progress of the campaign thus far. If it is NOT reached, we will refund you the $100 and move you into M/Sgt." @ Paul - Yes :-) However, all rules will be compiled into the big rulebook if we reach it so you won't have to carry around a bunch of small rulebooks all the time. Regarding sleeved card storage - already planning to have storage capable of sleeved and unsleeved cards :-) @ Mark J - Correct :-) Correct, currently the base game comes with just enough for 2 players. Offically looking into it :-) Thank Matt. Yup and yup :-) @ Rocco - Correct. You need to adjust your pledge and add the shipping. Thanks. @ Neal - I posted that I have asked all existing pledgers of those tiers for what nationality they would prefer. When all of them get back to me, I'll post an update. Sorry, can't open tiers for what might not be available. @ James - It is a balance of card count and demand. If we released all the "cool" nationalities first, there would be no push for the higher tiers necessarily. Yes, there is the push for $200k and the leather rules but if we reach that then it doesn't matter what order they are :-) But, what if we don't get close to the $200k level? Then, at least there's push for the 89 card Greeks at $100k or the 150 card Airborne Pack at $130k or the 103 card Poles at $150... @ Jorge - No. The campaign is designed to turn the funds into products. If we don't reach those goals, those armies will likely not see their way to publication for some time. The rulebook will ONLY be available to Kickstarter supporters. A later all-inclucsive one may be published later but it would not be hard bound like the exclusive one. @ Nevermore - I have said that already but will say it again. THE FUNDS FOR THE KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN ARE GOING TO BE COMPLETELY OUT OF THE REACH OF VALLEY GAMES AND ITS PARTNERS. They are different companies under different ownership. UP FRONT has been funded and will be released. Now, it's just a matter of who wants the game WITH all stretch rewards as opposed to just the base game next year from their usual source and then wait while all the expansions trickle into the market. IF there was risk to this project, it would have been specified in the risks section. Since there is no risk to Radiant Gaming, it was not put there. Radiant Darkstart Productions (the full name under which all Kickstarts are run by us) is the mother company who brought you D-Day Dice and Airborne In Your Pocket. D-Day Dice simply had a Valley Games logo on the boxes for brand recognition on the shelves in the store. @ Jorge - Planning our statement currently. As for expansions, you can't imagine how much has been and is currently being developed for Up Front by our team. However, with this going on we don't fell the campaign will reach anywhere near what we hoped. Consequently, our loyal backers and true UP FRONT fans may lose out and miss much of what could have been :-( @ James - Yes it will :-) Unfortunately, our web developer was not able to get it done in time for BGG Con and the launch of Kickstarter project. It will be live LONG before the end of the campaign. @ Paul Cooper - No, as the suit is against Valley Games and NOT Radiant Gaming. Two different companies. @ Robin Lees - This is correct and Radian Gaming is officially fine with this. If we had not publicly stated already that we are shipping internationally, then that would be a concern. However, since we ARE allowing international shipping and you ARE expected to add your shipping costs to your pledge, we are fine if you state you are in the US and just pledge. When we send out the post-campaign survey, you will then state your address there. @ Len - If you want multiples of a tier (excluding limited quantity tiers) just pledge twice the amount for a tier and then indicate on the post-campaign survey how many copies you pledged for. @ Snow - They are COMPLETE additional armies to play with in the game. You can play Norway vs. Finland if you want. Canada vs. Germany etc... @ Siskin - $49.95 an $26.95 for MAJOR nations. Varied for MINOR stretch nations. That's why we are going until Jan 2. Still lots of time to get Christmas money before you get charged :-) Also, it gives everyone a chance to spend their day off New Years Day hitting F5 to see if we can hit $400k (fingers crossed) :-) We will look at the sound, we are currently at BGG Con tethered to a booth! We will get to the computer shortly here and fix the problem!