We are very sorry for the lack up updates. The reason for the no updates is because we have not experienced much progress - no changes. We are still struggling to find funding for the mass production stage. As you know, it is not easy to get funding. If we get enough funding for the mass production stage, then we can produce the VACHEN smartwatach ASAP. Thanks for your patience. We are very sorry for the lack of communication with our backers. Our current status is not very good because of the funding. As I mentioned last time, the development of Vachen smartwatch is done but we do not have enough funding (money) to produce the final mass production watch for our backers. When we had updated the news last time, we thought that we had enough funding for mass production. However, our funding was insufficient, so we could not mass produce the Vachen Smartwatches. We have kept looking for another funder since last update. As of now, we only have enough money to produce the movement of the watch, instead of the watch case, etc. We are scheduling only the movement producing schedule. We are constantly looking for another funder to produce the entire watch including the movement, watch case and more. The positive note is that there are some companies who are interested in collaborating with us, such as them designing the watch's case and more. Thank you to all the backers for your continued support and patience. Won Rhee We are going to do the surveys in the end of June. The delivery schedule has been set to the middle of August. If there are any changes that occur, we will update it ASAP. We have finally made a contract with our mass production partner. We will delivery the Vachen smartwatch on July. We will upload the detail schedule for the survey and delivery sometime next week. Thank you guys for all your support!! Great news! We have finally found a mass production company that will produce the Vachen smartwatch. We will upload a more detailed schedule on the delivery of the watch. Thanks for all your patience. Won We are very sorry for the late update. The development of Vachen smartwatch is all done and waiting for the mass production stage. After the last update, we have kept negotiating with the mass production company but there is no progress. Unfortunately, the mass production company is asking for unreasonable requirements, delaying the production of the watch even further. We are going to keep negotiating with the company. Also, several investment companies are interested in investing in our company but we are still waiting their answer. This is our current situation. Thank you for your trust and support. After the mass production is selected, we will give you the schedule. Thanks WON Thank you for the patience with the Vachen Smartwatch. We really want to get this product out into the market. We are still negotiating our options with our mass production company and are hoping to finalize the contract within the next week. The major parts of the watch have also been ordered. We are going to survey during March and will deliver the Vachen Smartwatch in the middle of April. The schedule is not fixed and if we have any changes for the schedule, we will post it. Thanks We are doing the optimization for the VACHEN smartwatch and we are keep on negotiating with the production company to produce mass production. Also we are negotiating the prices with the part companies. We are preparing the FCC and UC certification. Thanks for your persistent support. We are doing our final touch to make our Vachen smartwatch the best. We are expecting our Vachen smartwatch to be the most unique product in the smartwatch and the watch world. Please wait a little bit more. Just like what max477 said, we are looking for more investors to get the watch to be built. Thanks @William We are doing 2nd integration test now. There are no problems in the hardware but we have to adjust the user interfaces. We are going to assemble the watch movement and case on next Tue. We hope that this assembling is final version before the mass production. We are going to update the video after finishing the final assembling and the integration test. It will be on Wed. As we have stated in the last update, we tried attracting interested investors but were unsuccessful. Because of this, we have to proceed to our second option, which is obtaining technology support programs from other companies. We are now ordering the parts of the Vachen Smartwatch so that we can deliver the watch in early Jan 2014. We are going to do the survey during the middle of Dec. The current status of the Vachen smartwatch is that the system and apps are developed 100%. After optimizing the Vachen smartwatch, we can now use 100 hours with the standby mode and 48 hours on use. We will update the video of the completed watch next week. Thanks, Won @Tim - The final version of the Vachen smartwatch has the color LED light but you can turn it on or off. @Dipak - When we deliver the Vachen smartwatch, we will give two straps. We will survey which straps our backer wants before the delivery. Once we open our site, you can buy additional straps. However, the Vachen smart watch's strap is interchangeable with any standard watch so you can just switch them up if you want. We are doing best to make great Vachen smartwatch. Please be patient a little more. We are almost there. Funding is the problem for the majority of small start-up companies. Unfortunately, Vachen has had the same problem. On August, we thought that the funds that we had received were adequate to create the final version of the Vachen Smartwatch - it was not. Multiple unexpected obstacles sprung out that greatly delayed and hindered the scheduled production timeline of the watch. The first problem that occurred off the bat was the company that supports the communication chips in our watch did not give us the communication driver for Android because we did not buy enough chips that they had asked for. They had also hiked up the price for the chips which also went against our original budget plans. Because of this issue, we decided to abandon our relationship with that company and create our own communication drivers ourselves. This resulted in a further delay of our scheduled timeline along with the investment of valuable time and money. As mentioned before, we had also switched to multiple software companies to obtain our advanced smart watch technology because many of the companies we had evaluated did not come up to par with our standards. Again, this also delayed the scheduled date of the watch along with greatly stretching our budget. Some of our backers have been concerned with us "pocketing the remaining money" but I assure you that is not the case because we have exceeded our 100k budget and gone to the negatives. We are now currently doing multiple trial and error tests without the shell of the watch (which is working flawlessly) but the issue is that when we do place the shell into the board of the watch, the interception and communication level between the watch and phone decrease slightly. We are trying to catch and solve this issue so that we can perfect the technology of the Vachen Smartwatch. This takes time because as you guys know, there aren't any decent smart watches out in the market that we can use a somewhat good reference of. With all these reasons, we are trying to obtain new funds and support from different companies in South Korea. We are almost approaching the final stage. With the funds that we will receive, we can finally create the completed version of the Vachen Smartwatch in late October and after we test the watch, we can then start distribution and delivery sometime during late November. If we fail to get funding during October (the chances of us getting the funds are very high), then we have a plan B to get the technology support program from our other supporting companies. The deal that we have made is that our plan B company will support the technology first to Vachen (so that we can finishing making the watch), and then once we distribute the watch and break-even or produce profit, then we are going to pay them back for their support. This way, we can higher the percentage of us delivering the completed watch by November. At this point, the word 'sorry' seems to have lost its true value but we are genuinely sorry for the time delayed, lack of updates, etc. Hold on to us for a little bit longer because we are almost done. Thanks for all your support. Won @Dragan, @Derek, @William, @Anthony I hate saying this statement over and over again, but I truly understand your situation. We have not known this before, but the funds that we have received from Kickerstarter has been extremely insufficient to fully back the project. Currently, Vachen is making the engineering sample before we can go into the mass production stage. The chances of completely making the finished sample by next week seems dim, but we will upload a video of the finished product when we do so. I do not have the power to fast forward production and create a quality product at the same time - even though I very much want this to happen. Vachen is not a single-man project but a project with multiple companies and collaborators. It takes time (and it really has taken too long of a time) and money to allow the production of any product go smoothly, something that we have not fully planned out before to our mistake. If you want a refund, we will be glad to give you one. Apologies for your concern and dissatisfaction of the Vachen Smartwatch. Won @Chris We are doing best to meet the delivery on schedule. @Bogdan Angheluta - I already sent the your refund email to the amazon on Sep 21. I will make sure your refund status to the amazon again. @Warren - The feature of the Vachen smartwatch is exactly the same as the prototype except for the basel and watch glass. The prototype of basel and watch glass is uneven between the basel and glass (the glass is lower than the basel). However, the new case is seamless between the basel and the watch glass. We are trying our best to release the Vachen Smartwatch on the projected date, which is late Oct/early Nov. As of now, everything is running smoothly but we cannot predict what might occur in the future. If there is a factor for delay, the highest possibility would be because of the case modification. The case modification (calculating the exact dimensions for the watch and case) is the most difficult and time-consuming part of creation of the Vachen watch because even the slightest miscalculation in sizing will result in several problems. For example, a miscalculation can result in the watch from becoming water resistant to completely not being water resistant and so on. We want the Vachen watch to come out perfect and to achieve perfection, we cannot rush certain areas and cut corners. Thank you for your continued support and please be patient. Thanks again! Won @Bogdan @AndrewFigueroa Please check your private messages. If you are not confident with the Vachen Smartwatch, we will gladly give you a refund. @Dennis Huybregts - Thanks for your support! @Trogdor - Thank you. @Andrew Figueroa - We are doing best to make a delivery date. When first making a relatively new product, in this case the smartwatch, many companies undergo several problems and obstacles, whether technical or financial. We have faced both the technical and financial aspects during the production of the Vachen Smartwatch. Fortunately, we have overcome several of our obstacles but the price that we had to pay was time. Vachen is still a start-up company and we are trying our utmost best to create the best product possible for our backers. There may be more unexpected problems that might hinder us from quickly creating the Vachen Smartwatch but we will truly put in our best effort to deliver the watch on the expected date. Thank you for your continuing support and trust in Vachen. @Dragan That watch is not ours. I've never seen the watch but it looks like the VACHEN smartwatch design. @Andrew Figueroa, @Derek Williams Not everybody, only a person who want to request it. @Cody Brickner Still processing. It takes time. Here is a copy from amazon. ==== Amazon Payments Aug 30 (5 days ago) to me Greetings from Amazon Payments, We have received your Aug 30, 2013 request to initiate a deposit of $170.00 into your Amazon Payments account. Bank transactions take up to 5-7 business days to complete, not including weekends or holidays. We will make the funds available in your account and send you an e-mail confirmation as soon as the transaction completes. Thank you for using Amazon Payments ======== @Anthony We are very sorry for the delay. We are trying to make our product to highest quality possible and we believed that our greatest potential of the watch was not met on the deadline dates that we released earlier. Truly sorry again. Thanks for your support!! I am very sorry about late update but I hope everybody knows my situation. We are developing the VACHEN smart watch hardware, webpage include the pre-order system, the app store, basic watch face design app, SDK, FCC and CE certification, and system tuning simultaneously. Those situations put me a little bit stress include backer's pressure. We will update this progressing situation as soon as possible. Thanks for the waiting. Won Rhee We offer the micro USB cable. You can use this cable with USB port in your PC or the micro USB charger. We are committed to shipping the VACHEN smartwatch at the end of Aug. We are going to list our backers in the VACHEN website on June. Also we are preparing new VACHEN website. As we mentioned the below, during the June we are optimization on the Android system, installing the launchers, apps, and watch faces on the VACHEN smartwatch. We are doing best to follow our schedule. Please wait for a while. Here is brief timeline for the VACHEN smartwatch delivery: June: Optimization on the Android system, installing the launchers, apps, and watch faces on the VACHEN smartwatch. July: Hardware and software Integration testing, EC, FCC certification. End of July delivery. (First delivery) August: End of August delivery. (Second delivery) September: End of September delivery. (Third delivery) For people who have not participated in the VACHEN smartwatch campaign, we are preparing the pre-order website. We are estimating that the finalization of the website will be done by July. We also are preparing the authoring tool which will help make simple custom watchfaces for the customer. At the end of Sep., we are planning to serve the SDK for programmers. The Amazon funding processing takes 14 days. After that we are going to survey each of the pledges to the backers. We are now preparing the survey. @Klashkin We support Russian language as well as any language supported by the android. @Benjamin,@Andy Heston Thanks for you support. @Xoxor 1. We are using 1GHz ARM Processor. But to conserve battery, we down-clock the processor. The processor in prototype shown in video was down-clocked at 500MHz to conserve battery during multiple testing cycles. We believe around 700MHz should provide optimal response time and reasonable battery drain. The reward watches for Kickstarter backers will have best optimized processor speed and settings. 2. Our estimate for CE certification is 3 weeks. We do not believe CE certification will be a factor for July shipment. The area of certification for us is Bluetooth and WiFi. It will take significantly less time than certifications for a cellular or smart phone. 3. Yes, we are ready to go when we receive our funding. We have been developing the products. To the backers who have chosen the 'Extra One Option', we have sent you guys an email about us having to only be able to sell one Vachen watch due to Kickstarter's policies. Please check your email - Thanks! @max477 Thanks for your support. @Matthew, @Arnd, @Dragan Thanks @Benjamin Thanks. @Arnd, @Matthew The kickstarter proto type means the pilot model when we prepared the kickstarter project. Now we develop the standard version for kickstarter backers, not kickstarter proto type version. Usually it takes 3 weeks to get a CE certification. We are planning to start end of June to get a CE certification. @Benjamin SMS - haptic vibration - single vibration: message text up to 30 characters displayed on screen Email - haptic vibration - double vibration: email subject up to 30 characters displayed on screen Incoming Call - haptic vibration - triple vibration: caller ID displayed on screen 2. After optimizing the android system which will be mounted in the VACHEN smartwach, we will develop the Apps which has the smart function. 3. The kickstarter model and the standard model is now same. 4. Every smartwatch Apps is working well in the VACHEN smartwatch. 5. We are planning to deliver the first model of VACHEN smartwatch on end of July. We are doing the best to guarantee this. @Benjamin, @Xoxor We will deliver the VACHEN smartwatch included the smart functions which has an email, a message, an incoming call and etc. Dragan, To address your comment about several people posting under this handle. It's true, but not as a measure to mislead anyone, but rather to make sure that the language is as clear as possible, and also because it's not feasible to have someone sitting in front of this screen round the clock. To Everyone Else About the Video, I guess we should have been more clear about how long the video would take (of the watch receiving texts and calls). As I previously mentioned, it should be ready around the end of June. The reason is because the "Kickstarter" model is the 4th iteration of the Vachen Smartwatch. In the three prototypes we made certain that the hardware was compatible with those features, so, in our production schedule for the final, "Kickstarter model", those functions will be added in at the end of the process. For us to go back and add those functions to a previous prototype would be a misuse of effort, money and MOST importantly, TIME. Even if enough backers are willing to wait to receive their watches until after the video has been done on the previous prototype, that would add cost and time on to the receipt of the final product. While it is a relatively simple process to activitate those functions in the watch, those functions (the software and technology) are put in near the end of the production process. Dragan, To address your comment about several people posting under this handle. It's true, but not as a measure to mislead anyone, but rather to make sure that the language is as clear as possible, and also because it's not feasible to have someone sitting in front of this screen round the clock. To Everyone Else About the Video, I guess we should have been more clear about how long the video would take (of the watch receiving texts and calls). As I previously mentioned, it should be ready around the end of June. The reason is because the "Kickstarter" model is the 4th iteration of the Vachen Smartwatch. In the three prototypes we made certain that the hardware was compatible with those features, so, in our production schedule for the final, "Kickstarter model", those functions will be added in at the end of the process. For us to go back and add those functions to a previous prototype would be a misuse of effort, money and MOST importantly, TIME. Even if enough backers are willing to wait to receive their watches until after the video has been done on the previous prototype, that would add cost and time on to the receipt of the final product. While it is a relatively simple process to activitate those functions in the watch, those functions (the software and technology) are put in near the end of the production process. Please understand that there is a time difference between us and many of you, so don't think that we're ignoring you just because we don't respond within a couple of hours after your post. As for the video of the watch receiving calls and texts, that probably won't be ready until the end of June. Part of our projected schedule is enabling those particular functions at the end, right before we go into production. Please be patient, we have not abandoned our backers or the project. Thanks again for your support! @Dragan I have talked about the video with my engineering team. They said that it is not technically difficult to show the our smartwatch to communicate with smartphone. However, we do not develop the prototype version anymore and now we develop kickstarter edition. Because we guarantee to deliver them on time for the kickstarter backers. Please understand this situation. Thanks @Christian The diameter of the circle of the titanium watch is 3 cm. @Dragan Thanks for keeping your valuable suggestion. We are keep doing the final step to make the VACHEN smartwatch in satisfaction of the backer. @Derek If one of your VACHEN smartwatch which scheduled for a July and the other is for August, they will be delivered both together on Aug. @Andrew Now we are doing system optimization for VACHEN smartwatch. After finish optimization, we will add the apps to the VACHEN smartwatch. We are doing our best now. Please wait for posting the video. @Adnrew We are preparing the video which includes email, text message and incoming call. I will post it asap. Thanks. @Andrew Thanks again. @Dragan I try to make a new pledge for the backer who is interesting my new VACHEN smartwatch in 2014. But the kickstarter do not allow the discount items. they detect the word such as "percent", "%" and etc. Here is one of message, when I try to make a new pledge with "%" character. Reward warning: % Please make sure you are not offering raffles, discounts, coupons, cash-value gift cards, alcohol, financial returns, or investments. What else is prohibited? Thanks your valuable support. @Andrew Welcome back. Thanks @Ku TuB Thanks. This project will be successful. We are trying to make a stylish smartwatch for the backers. @Dragan Thank you. Honestly, we learned a lesson from this experience. @JoshuaMembreno The second watch will also come with 2 straps and a charging cable - just like the first one. Thanks! @Dragan Thank you for your great help and ideas for Vachen. We genuinely appreciate it. @Wade Here is the color list for VACHEN smartwatch for the Kickstarter. $169 : Square Aluminum case - black color $178 : Square Aluminum case - black color $179 : Square Metal case - dark brown color $188 : Square Metal case - dark brown color $219 : Square Metal case with Swarovski Crystal - steel color (silver) $228 : Square Metal case with Swarovski Crystal - steel color (silver) $259 : Circle Titanium case - Titanium Gray color $279 : Circle Titanium case - Titanium Gray color Also you can find the picture which is Men's Metal Case in the VACHEN smartwatch main campaign page in the Kickstarter. @Jason Your smart phone and the car kits can be used as before. @Dragan Thanks for your suggestion. I will talk about your suggestion with my team and I will let you know the result asap. @Alok Thanks. @Brian Thanks for your support. I will ask you, if I need your help. @Atul Thanks. I hope it is working. We posted the Extra one Option in the Updates. @Dragan & @Melchy & @Sudeep Thanks for your support. We decide to make an option for the backer who want to another VACHEN smartwatch. We are going to make an option ASAP and will post to the "Updates". @Melchy How do you think Dragan's idea about the option? Do you have any idea about the option? @Dragan I made the new option like following. If you select any pledge and add $140 more in same pledge, we will give Silver Aluminum Case VACHEN smartwatch (pledge $184). If you select the pledge $184, you select other pledge first, and add $140 in same pledge. @BAN What do you think about Dragan's suggestion? @BAN We are preparing the optimized android systems and the developed app which is final step of Kickstarter version. The schedule to show the video is on middle of July. Early July, we will show the video with the board. OK? @Dragan Independently your suggestion, one of backer suggests to me about new pledge which is $5000, includes to visit VACHEN smartwatch headquater in Seoul, Korea and tours manufacturing factory. Also the pledge is included to give the backer a VACHEN smartwatch with the backer’s name engraved, two straps, and a cradle. @Wade The retail price of $169 VACHEN smartwatch is about $250. However, we still make effort to get the kickstarter goal now. @Dragan I think the it is good idea, if it is working independently with the kickstarter. I am going to make some new suggestion about my VACHEN smartwatch. I will make this suggestion ASAP. Thanks for your answer. @Dragan Just to clarify, a backer can add extra money (let’s assume $130 for a second watch) to their original pledge in return of a second, more discounted Vachen smartwatch? And this does not break Kickstarter’s policy? @Peter Thanks for the kind words. The main struggle that we have been facing is communication. Since we are a company based in Korea, it has been difficult for us to quickly and efficiently communicate with our backers since English is our second language. At first, we didn't see this as a major problem but as the weeks passed, we've noticed that the lack of communication made some of our backers angry and frustrated. Although we have tried our best to respond to the question of our backers, our slow response on both the comments and the videos resulted in some of our backers to leave. Another mistake that we've made was the lack of marketing. After observing and studying other successful smart watch companies such as Agent and Pebble, we've discovered that they had both marketed their product to major tech sites during the first week of their kickstarter campaign. Being unfamiliar with the American market, we've discovered late how crucial it is to post our product unto sites like gizmag.com, etc so that our product can reach the masses. We've learned our mistakes and we are trying our best to finalize the Vachen smart watch so that it will be the best product on the market - and we have great confidence in doing so. Thanks for your support Peter! @Atul Thanks for your support! And we're sorry for the late upload of the video. As I've stated before, we will post a new video with the most updated version of the Vachen smart watch ASAP. @atul The sample we can use for video is the one we had on display at BaselWorld. After that sample was made, we have been working on optimizing Android OS on board level. As soon as we have a new sample with latest OS and apps running, we will post a video. <url>"unfinished" product. As far as adding "packages", as mentioned, Kickstarter will not allow it. I will address the other concerns voiced here shortly. We do want to assure you that we are not a "take the money and run" operation. We are absolutely commited to this project and our backers! There seem to be some misunderstandings here... First, to address the issue of the $5,000 backers withdrawing, those backers were interested in distribution deals, which we're not accepting here on Kickstarter. However, those backers have pledged as individuals. Also, the current product we have is the 4 iteration of the Vachen Smartwatch. It is essentially the production model. We hope to add functions, time permitting, for the final product. However, it is not simply an experimental model. It is by no means an "unfinished" product. As far as adding "packages", as mentioned, Kickstarter will not allow it. I will address the other concerns voiced here shortly. We do want to assure you that we are not a "take the money and run" operation. We are absolutely commited to this project and our backers! @matthew Precisely, the VACEHEN smartwatch has the function which does not make change the watchface, when the user touches the screen. VACHEN smartwarch has a watchface disable function. @ matthew Every android developer can develop the apps and put the app into the VACHEN smartwatch with some authorization. Also those are distributed through the VACHEN app store. VACHEN smartwatch has a disable function. If the VACHEN App is installed your smartphone, and the app allows to access the email, SMS, and etc, you can read the message and email in the VACHEN smartwatch. This is only prototype, not a full developed version. We tried to make a new pledge with one Women's watch and one Men's watch, as you have suggested. But before we posted the new pledge, we checked with Kickstarter to see if it's OK. Unfortunately, Kickstarter told us that such a pledge would be against Kickstarter's policy. We will honor Kickstarter's policies. Thank you. We are currently working hard on making our prototype smart watch into a smart watch our backers want. We brought the prototype of VACHEN smartwatch to the BaselWorld 2013. Now we are almost at the final stage which is pilot product 4th step. If you could wait just a bit longer, we will show you what we have been working on. We are confident we can deliver the VACHEN Smartwatch to our backers on time, when we are successful with Kickstarter funding. @Dragan We thank you for your advice. You are correct in you assessment of our weakness. Going forward, we will work on those areas we currently lack. I'm sure there aren't many companies who start with full preparation in all areas of their business, and we're no exception. Our company has many areas that are lacking. As you stated, it's very possible that we are strong in engineering, but lacking in marketing. However, our experience with Kickstarter has been very positive. We are getting important feedback on what we need to work on from our backers, that we did not see ourselves. One certain thing is that we started our journey, and we will continue moving forward. We strongly believe that our VACHEN Smartwatch will change the paradigm for not only the smart watches, but for regular watches as well. Every company has their own unique circumstances. For companies like us, who has technology but lack the funding ability for large scale manufacturing, we would gladly take opportunity to take available funding. I would think same would apply to wholesale companies. Many wholesalers think very highly of our product (VACHEN Smartwatch appeals not only to smart watch market, but to overall watch market), and believe they could have a lucrative business relationship with us in future from the initial small investment. The 3 backers with $5,000 pledges are companies who are interested in becoming our distributors. We are giving them preferred distributor status, not exclusive. For this company, they have previously emailed us, and we have come to an agreement after discussion and negotiation. @Brian Our company is in California and Korea. @Matthew Thanks. I change the title to VACHEN smart watch. @Christakis Thanks for your fair comparison between VACHEN and AGENT. @andy Thank you very much. @Ku TuB We will have Vachen service centers in most countries, including the ones that you've listed. Extra VACHEN smartwatch cases We will sell extra the VACHEN smartwatch cases separately but you have to replace the case in the VACHEN service center. @BAN We are going to send the VACHEN smartwatch as a gift, if the backer want to. @Bilbrey So far, we don’t have any plan to bring the VACHEN Apps to the Apple store. Thanks @Darren Thanks for your suggestion. Also we have a vachen smartwatch facebook. <url>’s minds move. Thanks Thanks max477. We are trying to make the VACHEN smartwatch better for the kickstarter backers. We don not decide the retail price yet but it will start around $240. Smart functions We are currently developing the smart functions of the VACHEN smartwatch. Since the watch shown on the video is only a prototype, we can show the functions of the watch changing faces. However, we are working to update the smart functions of the VACHEN smartwatch and a video of it will come out soon. Janardan, It would be a great help to us if you could suggest this project to be a Kickstarter staff pick. The days are quickly passing by and we don't want to lose the opportunity to fund this project. Thanks so much! Won Tools & SDK A simple tool for making custom watch faces will be ready in August, and the SDK will be released around November WhatsApp We do not have plans to make WhatsApp. With existing apps like WhatsApp, the original maker of the app will have to make a version that works on VACHEN Smartwatch. Bluetooth When our smartwatch is separated from the smart phone by more than 10 meters, you will get a vibration warning. And when our smartwatch returns back to range, the previously undelivered messages will by synchronized through the specific apps. Watchface When we deliver the VACHEN smartwatches to the backers, 15 watch faces will be pre-loaded in the VACHEN smartwatch. The individual app and watch face designs in the VACHEN App Store will have their own separate pricing. When a user makes an app or designs a watch face and uploads it to VACHEN App Store, they will be able to determine the price. All hands on Chronograph watch face function just like a normal analog watch. Color Option Once we reach our $100,000 goal, you will be able to choose the color of the aluminum case (black and stainless steel/silver) and also the colors of the straps (two straps will be included with the purchase of one watch). Bluetooth Range Distance & Facebook App The range distance of the Bluetooth is about 10 meters (30 feet). The Facebook app is not yet supported. However, there is an extremely high chance that it will be supported after the VACHEN app store is more developed. Tools VACHEN provides a tool for users to create their own watch faces. Using this tool, you can easily create a watch face, and by uploading to VACHEN App Store, you can share with many others. And you will also be able to download and use watch faces made by other users. VACHEN Smartwatch will notify battery status by vibration at 20% remaining. BAN, Sorry for the slow response for your questions. We have been getting multiple questions regarding the watch and it is only fair to respond to all of our backers equally. While others ask one or two questions, you ask several questions at once so it is difficult for us to answer all your questions while also answering the questions of other backers. Your questions are honest and excellent but as stated before, we are trying to answer questions as equally and quickly as possible. And don’t worry about the project having “no eagerness or enthusiasm”. It seems as if this is always your biggest concern and I assure you not to worry because Vachen is the only project that we are currently working on. As for your questions, here are your answers: The stainless steel (silver) aluminum case model has red accents on the watch’s buttons, just like the one portrayed in the video. Reading the watch face in the sunlight won’t be a problem. Obviously, if there is extreme sunlight shining down upon the watch face, you might have some issues, but it is similar to reading the screen of an iPhone. For the technology show (Baselwatch 2013), we’ve received rave reviews about the watch. Major watch companies such as Citizen and Swatch were very impressed with Vachen’s watch movement and were interested in developing the smart watch technology with us. In terms of future plans (only if we do reach our $100,000 goal), we are planning to expand the technology of the watch and also to distribute and compete our watch with the current big name watch companies. So far, the colors of the watch straps are brown, white, black and pink. It is your choice to choose any two colors. We will also expand the choice of watch straps after we reach the mass production stage. Thanks for your support! Microphone, Speaker The current version of our Vachen Smartwatch does not have a speaker or a microphone. Instead, we are using a haptic vibrating motor to alert the user to an incoming call or a message. Windows phone, Blackberry We will support the windows phone on Aug. 2013 but don't have any plan to support the Blackberry yet. Apps and watchface price 1. VACHEN App Store will be up by the time when watches are ready to be distributed/shipped. 2. The individual app and watch face designs will have their own separate pricing. Of course, we will continue to provide many free apps and free watch face designs. 3. When a user makes an app or designs a watch face and upload it to VACHEN App Store, they will be able to determine the price. 4. Total RAM is about 500MB. O/S, default app, and default watch face takes up about 250MB. The remaining 250MB can be used by the user. On average, the individual watch face designs are a bit less than 1MB. shipping cost of outside of US If the reward does not state shipping cost, then shipping outside the US is free. Please see with following list of pledges with free shipping outside of US: Pledge $169 or more - free shipping outside the US. Pledge $179 or more - free shipping outside the US. Pledge $219 or more - free shipping outside the US. Pldege $259 or more - free shipping outside the US. Pldege $5,000 or more - free shipping outside the US. Silver Aluminum case If a backer wants a Silver Aluminum case VACHEN smartwatch, it is possible for the backer to receive it but the delivery will be delayed to Aug. 2013. I emailed Kickstarter on how a backer can select the color option and I’m currently waiting for an answer. Once I receive a response from them, I’ll post a comment here notifying you ASAP. Thanks for all your support! Apps The apps must comply with VACHEN App Store policy in order to be uploaded. Titanium model We have only one titanium model now. It is a circle. Apps The root access won't be possible. As for your own apps, you will be able to use them after uploading to VACHEN App Store first. Strap We have 2 material options for straps, Polyurethane and Leather. Both comes in several different colors. After the project is completed, you will be able to choose the color of your straps. Metal Case Dark Brown Color Please find the link below for a video of VACHEN Smartwatch in dark brown color shot in daylight. We hope this video will help you with color more than just a picture. <url>"wow" you with the number if smart functions that we can cram into a watch. All of the extra functions come at the cost of size, asthetics and battery life. After all, almost everyone who buys a smartwatch is still going to carry their Smartphone. So why try to put all of the same functions in both products? You essentially end up with something that looks like a phone, or a calculator on your wrist. We, at Vachen, have designed a functional AND stylish watch. It is very wearable, not a novelty gadget. We want to assure you that the quality and integrity of our products is our number priority. We are not just in this for a quick buck. To illustrate this, we have had a lot of inquiries, here at Baselworld, about rebranding and OEM. While it's not outside the realm of possibility (with the right partner company, under the right conditions), we'd rather pass up on the "quick buck" of moving units by rebranding. We want to make sure that we control the quality and image of our product, not just move as much product as quickly as possible. Okay, I think I've touched on most of the topics or now. Again, please don't hesitate to post your questions and comments. We will be busy here at Baselworld until next week, but we'll do our best to reply promptly! Sorry be late response. I will response your answer as soon as possible in the FAQ. Thanks