Paul - I'm working on the best forms to use for the information request. You all should see a post in the next couple of days and we'll get the ball rolling. Cheers, Chris Paul - You are right, I should have updated those of you still waiting before now. My sincere apologies. Unfortunately, I think it may be time to pull the plug. I will post an update this weekend with more details and the refund process, and I thank you, and anyone else still waiting, for their infinite patience. Sincerely, Chris Rochelle, Checking on that for you today. I'll send you a direct message soon with the information. I'm really sorry for the delay - the Brewples have taken quite a toll on Cherilyn. Thanks for your continued patience, Chris Our pleasure, Page. Hope you enjoy them! Jay - They're coming, hang tight! MightyMeeple - Glad you and the family had a great time over Thanksgiving - we were hoping it would be a great game for the holidays! Anthony - Glad you got your copy! Let us know what you think once you get to play. As for the mini cards - you can search for "mini euro card sleeves" - the dimensions are roughly 48mm X 68mm for the sleeves. Page - Thanks for the breakdown! Looks like out of the Flavor Cards you got an extra Re-Do (use it wisely), and an extra set of the +1pp Half-Caf, +1pp Decaf, +2rp Half-Caf, and +2pp Half-Caf cards from Featured Blends. Feel free to cull those extra cards or keep them in the mix; just bear in mind that the extra Re-Do may slightly increase the likelihood of one team wanting to punch another team in the face. ;) Scott - Hopefully your game gets to you soon after your contact with Game Salute. I'm not sure why shipping notifications have been dropped from their protocol. Page - Wow, bonus cards! Is there any way you can post a picture of the extra cards, or maybe list what they were? I would be interested to know if anyone else received extra cards. James - Thank you so much! We hope you get to play soon. :) Rochelle - Yep, Coffee to Go and Brewple sets will be shipped out as soon as Cherilyn is able to finish off the brewples. :) Landon - It wasn't too long, we read (and loved) it all! So glad you're having fun with the game. Feel free to create your own house rules - if you want to add some more slates for your games, by all means go for it! Jay - Hopefully your game will reach you soon. It can sometimes take a long time for packages to be sent to Asia. If you don't have it in a few days, please contact Game Salute at <email> Anthony, As we mentioned in the last update, at this point in the process the production is out of our hands and up to the printer. We're still waiting to hear that production is complete and the ship has set sail. We will definitely let you know when it does. Keep your fingers crossed! :) Sarah- We will have a BIG update within the next couple of days. Things are going well and we're right on track. :) Scott - VivaJava has been on BGG since 2011. We also have a link to the BGG page on the front page of this project: <url>