Hola Mariano, ¿cuando (y a donde) nos envió su dirección? La ultima comunicación que tuvimos con usted, fue solicitandosela el día 6 de mayo del año pasado por esta plataforma y todavía estamos esperando. Gracias Dear Simone, We sent you an email more than one year ago through Kickstarter, March 16 of 2019, asking for delivery address. Please answer it, and we´ll gladly send you your vrAse unit. Regards HI Karmeck...yes...we are developing vrAse 2 ;) Dear Raul, Please check your private email that we sent you long ago asking for your address and package postage. Please let us know. Regards Dear Backers, hope you are safe with all crazy things happening in the world right now regarding the virus. We haven´t stopped working, and our intent is to do an update in the coming months regarding what we are developing. You will surely like it. Regards Hello Garry, yes, please answer the kickstarter message we sent you. Regards Hello REFUND, we missed you around here... our dearly, loyal troll that has made our journey since the beginning so fun! Ok...if we are so bad, ugly, tiny, such a failure, etc like you say... tell your feeding masters (so hard to guess who they are from your propaganda) that they have nothing to fear from us :) Have a nice day Hello Amino, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 7th of May with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Simon, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 17th of January with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Funkyp, please check your private Kickstarter acoount email (sent March the 16th), there is a detailed explanation there how to pay for transport cost (we still don´t accept PayPal). Regards Hello Simon, we sent you an email message through Kickstarter (you should be able to access it by login into your Kickstarter account) the 7th of May with instructions for delivery. Regards Hello Funkyp, 99'9% of KS vrAse´s have been sent. We have been compiling initial usage feedback from backers and, based on this, together with some other cool stuff we have been developing from our side, we´ll do a nice update with all things vrAse-related (future developments, general timelines, etc). Regards Hello John, your vrAse is currently being assembled. We estimate that will be sent next week. Sorry for the delay, the reasons being that vrAse is assembled in batches (as it´s expensive because it´s a process made by hand and we have to allocate people to do it) and also we got the reply to the survey we sent you with more than a month of delay, so other backers that answered first were allocated the assembly before. Best regards Dear Ole, Thanks a lot for the feedback, not so positive things are what truly allow us to progress and turn “bad” things into “good”. Please allow us some short comments to your points; · Yes, it´s true that we have an overall too cautious guide to vrAse usage. We preferred to be safe in this regard. Also, is true that is an area that we want to improve, including more interactive guide, avoiding paper as it´s too static and polluting. · Black pads are for avoiding scratching, some delicate back phone sides, by the clamping mechanism (another area we are improving). · Front cover we didn´t make it symmetric as logo would be misplaced. Being too soft is one of the main areas of improvement. · The plastics “feeling” cheap is mostly due to not perfect finishes of paint…we are working to reach a better supplier tiers, as they are (yet) too expensive for our current level. · Adjusting size of phone, yes it can be a better mechanism…although, please consider it allows for both VR&AR (most others don´t or limited to one brand of smartphone). · For lenses way too close, please adjust vertex levers to the maximum position…it will make the lenses very far to the eyes. · Nose touches the plastic; very sorry about this (also another area of improvement). It´s true that we did many (many, many) revisions to that part, but it´s almost impossible to have one part for the (almost) infinite number of heads there are. If going too extreme, we ended up either with too much light entering the eye chamber or with the problem you currently have of being too tight. Current trends from some newer headsets point to flexible plastics in the upper part of that area (if you look at our initial design it had a rigid upper closing, but we discarded as some people had problems), so we are studying that solution. Regards Hello again IIya, thanks a lot for the feedback. · For eye contact with lenses; please try to adjust eye-to-lenses with lateral levers. This may help (at the expense of having less fov). · Nose too close to bottom frame; face foam can be moved closer to nose to improve that. · Phone holder too weak: Yes, more backers have expressed concerns about this… we are working on an upgraded part that will be offered in the coming months. · Frontal cap too loose: This can be better adjusting lateral doors a bit. Anyway, it´s true that whole usage is a bit awkward to have too many functions, so a later revision of this part will have lateral door movement disabled. · Not having touch button: We don´t see touching the screen as a logical/practical way of interacting with VR/AR… touching main visual layer, interrupting usability is just dumb and not forward thinking. In reality (as sad as it sounds) it´s a way of oogle to exert its power via specific requisites that they can change whenever they see fit (they did something like this before by asking hardware developers of not having upper strap as a requisite to carboard program, but they changed so they can offered it in their daydream program). All in all… we see “touching the screen” is really a lousy and a very short lived way of interacting in VR&AR, that can be anyway done much elegant in ways that are future proff (voice&hand recognition, lateral taps/ joystics, etc. ) Hello IIya, please try the QR-code in the page before the last one, with the icon shape of little glasses (the qr code in the last page is an internal EYEDAK one for manual sku). Dear @Nick_Baer, thanks for the feedback. About the fragility you mention; vrAse was designed to strike the best compromise possible between weight and strength with maximum amount of adjustments. Although it can withstand quite a beating, is not designed to be treated badly (the same treatment you can give to a pair of glasses). vrAse construction material is the same you can encounter in other high-end consumer devices (abs+pc). About the usage of smartphone-based VR/AR; right now, market is in some dimensions waiting for a “killer-app” to arrive, our bet is that most probably will come from the smartphone as the installed user base is just immense. There was nothing "shady" about project being transferred to us. It was totally abandoned by the person you commented, so we had to push through with our funds and time to complete it. If you want more info we´ll be more than glad to give you a detailed explanation. Regards Dear @Jack_Norris, thanks a lot for your feedback, please see our following answer to it. About the part that broke; Very sorry to hear about that. Let us explain why we think it is a good idea for you to ask for a free replacement part. Although it may sound strange, there is actually good news about things breaking now; other backers also had that exact problem, so now we think what caused it (most probably a bad injection batch) and we are already working in its upgrade. Being this Kickstarter and our very first product...making mistakes is not bad, it’s (mostly) good, as is what allows us to learn and improve. That part that broke (we call it cell-clamp) is very ambitious... it does independent x/y/z smartphone adjustment in a single part in a very tiny space, allowing for simultaneous vr&ar for a very wide variety of smartphones, so everything about it is very extreme. About “robustness”; vrAse was designed to strike the best compromise possible between weight and strength with maximum amount of adjustments. Although it can withstand quite a beating, is not designed to be treated badly (the same treatment you can give to a pair of glasses). vrAse construction material is the same you can encounter in other high-end consumer devices (abs+pc). About vrAse being “ugly”; this variable is a bit subjective (to say the least). vrAse was designed in cooperation with a red-dot award winning design agency located in Barcelona-Spain. Maybe you can be more specific about this. About “comfort”; vrAse has adjustments for your comfort. We´ll be glad if you are able to specify why you don´t find it comfortable. About you being “industry-insider”; Don´t know if this is to make your comment appear more important. Anyway… congrats on being part of a really big transformative industry. About you “bulk buying for big projects”; we understand you consider buying the other/s product/s you comment because they are cheaper/affordable than vrAse... but please remember nothing is free in live, and there are missing characteristics (that curiously you didn’t mentioned) from that/those device/s compared to vrAse; Much inferior optics, no AR, no eye to lenses adjustment, smaller range of smartphones accepted, minimum ventilation, non-modular construction, etc. About your comment "those lovely xxxxx headsets"; Please, no spam here. Regards Dear Sebastian...thanks a lot for you positive comment! It really has deep meaning to us. Best regards Hello Tom, Since this is our last batch of units to send, and is quite a big one, is taking us a bit longer to assemble and send the lot. Our current estimate is about two weeks from today, but some units are already being sent as we speak. As for tracking documentation, we´ll provide a copy of the postage invoice scanned, together with tracking number, from the email <email>. Regards Hello Tom, your words really mean a lot to us, so thanks a lot from the heart, and please let us properly answer with conviction (as you well said). These past years have been very hard; haters, creating a totally new product category from a ridiculous idea (putting the smartphone in front of your face), building a startup, raising capital (whole project was much much more expensive of what we raised at here at KS) , suffering paid trolls, building outside china with high labor costs (you know, where people have rights and that sort of things), scammers-dressed-as-financiers, an internal mutiny, rogue suppliers, big companies copying us after we did meetings with them and said our idea “had no future”, national and international press accusing us of scammers (and a famous search engine “conveniently” positioning bad news against us, because, guess what…they launched a vrAse made of cardboard a couple of years after us) …list of bad things is such a ridiculous huge one...but!… we kept pushing through and meanwhile, thanks to the wonders of digitalization, we have a detailed record of everything that was happening to us, so in the future we could tell the whole story. All these events transformed us in some kind of XXI century Spartans. We also knew, that if we kept pushing long enough, with time, patience and heads-down-work-hard, a wonderful thing happens to all the sh$t thrown at us if we leaved it aside… it would transform in fertilizer! So now we are not only stronger, but we can use all those bad things to tell a great story and learn from all our mistakes (we had a great share of those also). There is a great book about this kind of situations, called “The obstacle is the way” from Ryan Holiday, you should check it out. Even as we are very very near the end, we are not there yet…we estimate we have still a couple of months until all backers have received their vrAse, we double check with everyone, do a new update rounding up new points, etc. vrAse will remain to be, for the foreseeable future, the most practical and simple idea for visual reality (both virtual and augmented) … as long as people have eyes and smartphones! Best regards Dear Ali Naqvi, you can check in the comment section bellow from some backers that received their units and wanted to comment, also you can check <url>#123 ;) ) . Regards Hello Faheem, well...with those two devices you mention you are stuck; one to just one brand of smartphones and the other to wires. Regards Hello Damien, we introduced the concept of "visual reality" as a way to describe a device (vrAse) that can do both Virtual and Augmented "realities". Vision enables both of them, and also looks kind of the same when abreviating (VR). Regards Hello Simon, sorry picking up in person is only available right now at Monção - Portugal . Regards Hello John, we understand your distrust as we invested a lot more than we expected, but we arrived and everyone is getting a much better vrAse than promised. Wouldn´t after all this time, asking for postage not paid would be a bit strange/weird? There is not much you can do with 15€ expect…well…sending a package of vrAse dimensions internationally. Please check comments here that everybody is getting their vrAse. Also you can pick it up in person if you happen to be at or near Portugal. Regards Dear Backers, we´ve sent the last batch of the address surveys. Please make sure you check your email for the KS notification. Regards @Nick_Baer very sorry you didn´t like our first product. We´ll work to improve it... please if you are able to be more specific it would greatly help. Regards Thanks Tom, to try and be more accurate, address is asked to backers the closest possible date before sending vrAse. To see latest date estimation, please check comment bellow. Regards Hello @Petr Buznik-Napolsky, @Nickolay Pronin and @Kevin Song, next batch of parts come from injection next week (22 to 28 of april). Afterwards, we send them to paint (it usually takes another week for this stage, so... 29 to 5th of may), then we check the parts (one by one) and if they are good, we expect to send emails 6 to 12th of may asking all backers from 600 to the last one. This is our most updated status as of today. We are incorporating also a few updates to the production from backers feedback. Best regards Hello -REFUND-troll, we missed your negative comments… let´s have some fun; · About delivery: More than half the backers have been fulfilled. · We don´t “attempt to paint” vrAse as a better device; we would be more than glad for anybody to independently review those points against similar competing devices and say their word. · About vrAse weight; 390 grams + 170 gram smartphone = 560 grams (10 less than “the quest”) · About content: Our content section is place to start exploring VR&AR, an introduction for developers/users to start playing with…we don´t lock anyone into a proprietary ecosystem as others do. · About controllers: There are many experiences that don´t need controllers, but for those who do, there are myriads of Bluetooth in the market (we´ll publish our own recommendation in the future). · About EYEDAK investors: They have indeed very happy faces. · About Quest: You mean that device with horrible lenses, no focusing, one outdated smartphone glued in and made by that “cambridge analytica” privacy respecting company? Sure, you are not again spamming us here with other products, right?? -REFUND- don´t worry, really, we mean it…you have nothing to fear from us… just look at us, we are just a tiny startup with lots of things we do wrong…so why worry? …you can tell this to your feeding masters. Enjoy life! Karsten...thanks a lot for the feedback, it really helps us. About VR future, we believe there is market for vrAse alternatives, but will be a minority; some people will want to spend more in devices, with shorter lifespans that can´t be upgraded and with worse specs than latest smartphones (a standalone device is a vrAse with the smartphone glued inside) … we understand… power of marketing from the big boys is formidable. If we look at the past, anything that the smartphone was able to do ended up being the mostly used for that thing (standalone gps? cameras? etc). With vrAse you may use your current and future smartphone, with quality optics and not locked to a proprietary brand like the ones you commented. About not being able to uses your glasses….we are going to send you one little thing for you to beta-test ;) Anyway...thanks really goes to you for all your patience, backing and understanding. Best regards Hello Ashley, we don´t as we don´t want to bother backers, but if anyone wants tracking info we send them a PM with the details. Regards Thanks a lot Amir, your words sound like music to our ears! Best regards Hello Pedro, we sent you a PM with your vrAse package tracking number. Thanks Hello Pedro, assembly of your vrAse unit was finished today. Shipping early next week. Please let us know if you like to know the tracking number and we´ll send it via email. Regards We are working into assembly of 500 to 600 and getting ready to move to batch 600 to 700 in the second week of April. Regards Hello Colin, we sent you the KS address survey February 7, 2019. Regards Hello Francis, thanks for the feedback, there is an adjustment for the distance of the lenses to the eyes, located in each side between the straps and the main body. Regards Hello Victor & John Doe, we finished sending batch 200 to 300, this coming week we´ll send emails asking backers 300 to 400. Hello Stephan, please contact us through <url>´ll ask for 300 to 400 batch. Regards Hello Marco, the email asking for your address was sent to you the 17 of January...you can check it in the kickstarter inbox. Hello Mauricio, once we send the email asking for the address. Regards Thanks a lot, as long as vrAse is good/very good in the category we proposed, that was called “ridiculous” by the specialized media (using smartphone for VR&AR) and now powers 84% of VR&AR… we´ll be very happy. This is our very first device, so for sure is not perfect, but we´ll be glad that people do benchmarks alongside other similar products to compare technical features and vision quality. Regards @Joe Huttlin III, thanks a lot, yes…vrAse A1 project has been surrealistic-crazy stuff from the beginning. These are five (among others) reasons for our time-wrap-dilation; · Decision to make a much better device than showed in the campaign. We could have gone and ship that device, but we made the bet to deliver much more…maybe was a mistake…but once we made the choosing there was no turning back. · Very limited funds => we had to do “extreme-economic-hypermiling”, lowering the speed to a minimum as to lower burn-rate also to a minimum. How many KS projects in the meantime failed with much more funds than ours? · We started from an idea…like…there were no devices like ours (remember, vrAse was about two years before guugle launched their vrAse-made-of-cardboard-burn-your-eyes thing), so we had to start from scratch. · Lenses are certified; this process took us almost two years to complete. · vrAse is made in Europe, Spain; slower than china for sure, but one very good thing is that we had to learn how to do everything by ourselves, and stablished a solid ground for future devices. Regards. We´ll ask KS if they have some kind of award for persistence ;) Hello Pedro, all parts are manufactured. Assembly of each vrAse is done for each backer once we get the address. We are doing this in lots of 100's. It takes us about one/two weeks to process each lot (sending emails, waiting responses, assembly, packing and sending). Regards Hello Alex, thanks a lot for the feedback, please allow us to “comment on your comments”; · Frontal weight-bias can be better distributed adjusting more tightly the upper strap. For “nose-adjustment”, foam can be positioned a bit closer or wider to the nose for a better fit. · Stiffness of adjustments softens with usage…except distance from eye to lenses, that was made on purpose hard from the begining to avoid unintentional movement. · Lateral adjustments can be positioned a bit wider as to not block the front camera. · Controllers… we are in the process of reviewing some Bluetooth ones to recommend (also trying VRidge usage of another smartphone). We´ll announce our findings at vrAse social media. · htc vive is a great product and of higher performance than vrAse …also is priced accordingly and with a dedicated/fixed installation. Both kind of products will coexist in the market. Our bet is that advances in mobile will not stop; 5G for streaming, better cameras for AR, etc. Also, with vrAse you´ll be able to use your next note 9 ;)) Yes, vrAse is a bit “rude” in the beginning, it has its character, but with time you get quite a hold of it and will reward you. Also, is our very first product! Regards Hello Stephan, thanks for the feedback...comment added to wish list. Regards Thanks a lot for the feedback Greg, we have started with your comment to gather as much information as possible to improve. While plastics look weak, they are quite strong… is a classical trade-off situation were adding stiffness immediately adds weight to vrAse, we settled with a compromise we were happy with (that ended almost 100 grams less than Carl Zeiss VRone). Possitioning is also quite tricky as there are so many smartphones! vrAse is universal by nature, so again, certain tradeoffs were made. There are compatible Bluetooth controllers that we´ll test and share in our website and social media for interactions. Optics are handmade and certified in a two-year process. As evolution of VR&AR, we count for smartphone progressively incorporating more technology (not less) for interaction with VR experiences such as positioning, hand gestures, depth cameras, etc. Regards, and again, thanks for your feedback We will. Hello Evan, there are plentiful Bluetooth controllers available in the market, including the one coming in the headset you comment, depending on the user application (games, pointing, hand tracking, etc). We have one of those headset laying around here, and it works by using a nfc tag (we can´t elaborate more on this, so take this as a clue ;)). Is a “different” kind of device; Fresnel lenses, no optical adjustments whatsoever, no augmented reality, etc. "only" five years invested ;) hope you like it. Most packages will be sent with tracking, so we´ll send a follow up email to each backer with this tracking code. Dear Backers, first 100 emails to first 100 backers have been sent asking for addresses (and postage if not paid in the campaign). Please, make sure you received the message correctly. Next coming week, we´ll begin processing (read; printing addresses and sending packages) this very first batch. Regards @EAT ME: We´ll prove you wrong...and hopefully, at the end, you´ll be amazed with our creation, us and our (massively difficult) journey ;) @Philippe: vrAse kickstarter edition will be functionally the same as the discovery edition. Only difference is in the color of the focusing wheel. Please check this link to see the four editions; <url>….but… with vrAse your brain sensation of immersion though is much bigger, because you can see more screen of the smartphone (as seen in the “sightful” paragraph) Hello again Philippe. vrAse A1 has a detachable front cover, so if you leave it, you´ll be able to have a dark chamber (usually better for VR) or if you take it off, being able to activate frontal camera (for AR or quick access to smartphone debugging/development). Thanks Philippe! Still lots of things we are going to improve. We have some people of our team located @Tenerife. If you wish we can either give your vrAse unit in hand at our office (so you are sure you have it that same moment) or send it via postal service. Hello Ashley...we are glad you are rich ;) Thanks Philippe, good idea, please let us check. Thanks. Please check vrase.com for the upgraded vrAse we´ll send you @Robert Morris: Yes…it really has been an INSANE journey…but…we think totally worth it. Please check vrAse specs at vrAse.com You, our first “enablers”, will have the units you pledged upgraded “for free” (we know…time is money, so this could be a long conversation) to the commercial device. Now there are lots of cool VR gadgets out there. vrAse is unique in the sense that we just “simply” worked for what we promised. First: Being pioneers in a crazy that was called ridiculous ( <url>´s why so many big companies want us silenced. Good thing is that we discovered that for all the shi#t we have found, if leaved aside for a certain time, it can be used later on as fertilizer! Of course, there will always be higher end solutions than vrAse…with its corresponding price tag ;) . vrAse is a simple, yet elegant solution for a problem that still exists…and that is corporate greed that keeps feeding programmed obsolescence devices down consumers throats. One example? standalone devices; or as we say around here “vrAse with a glued smartphone inside”. Just check “next generation Quest standalone” coming next year… with wait for it…half of today´s smartphone performance <url>´s “next generation”? A closed ecosystem product, coming from a company with privacy scandals, with already obsolete specs…naahh nothing to see. Are we perfect? Of course we are not. At least with vrAse you´ll have a piece of true “David vs goliath” history…and we are proud of it. Best regards Dear (most probably paid by a well know company…you know…the one you usually promote around here) troll… we want to thank you for all positive energy you´ve transferred us during all this time. For all the negative things you put out there you generate an equal opposite positive/constructive reaction (us). So please…go ahead, keep on trolling. Just curious why are you so afraid of us, just a tiny startup? What a pity that you use this comment section to promote other/s products, non-upgradable, closed ecosystem, with outdated processor and non-adjustable lenses…you forgot to mention that? Do you want people to buy another product that will be obsolete in a few months? Stand-alone VR devices are simply a no-go (pun intended) … they are just vrAse with a smartphone glued inside! And this is maybe why vrAse concept hurts you… the idea is just beautifully simple and reusable…over and over. The smartphone is the device that always gets the best tech first, and vrAse is the first and best universal device for them. Please, take as an advice that you should first use your energy/funds to try to kill the smartphone industry (good luck with that) and then afterwards come to us. Hahahh just kidding…you are a paid troll…you´ll keep coming back anyway ;) Enjoy this reply we´ll try not to feed you (the vrAse troll…official title coming soon) much. Regards. Hello @PASAf, thanks for those interesting questions, let´s see them; · vrAse will come out of the box with universal compatibility. · Yes, there will be ability to connect earphones and/or external chargers. · Maximum smartphone dimensions are 160mmx85mmx10mm. Reduction in size was due to universal compatibility. · Delivery will be asked via kickstarer and/or alternative methods. We´ll give a (very wide) timeframe for backers to reclaim their vrAse unit. · We´ll check individually for those that asked for chargeback together with kickstarter & the bank. · Package will be an individual protection package that fits each vrAse unitary package. Regards @Djayawarman, vrAse will have much better optics, compatibility and comfort than any other device out there. Please know that we are very sorry for the inconvenience our additional time invested in vrAse may have caused you. Also, we may add that we think that people shouldn’t back projects only for final products...this platform is for helping crazy ideas like ours come true… you should be fully aware (more so as a “Superbacker”) that perks are a byproduct of successfully achieving this. Regards @karmeck we are pleased to announce that we´ll be @ <url>´ll bring with us a final (well actually 99%complete, or else we´ll be shipping them to you!) vrAse unit, so it can be tested by anyone interested in knowing what we´ve been cooking all this time... and why we thing vrAse is (and will be for a while) the best mobile vr&ar possible. We´ll do a quick update next week to all backers regarding this. Regards @Peter, we understand that our decision to make vrAse a high quality device implied a lot of time investment (not delay) and controversy, so please, accept our apologies for not being more communicative. Since we have a very small team, we had to choose between talking or working…and we “worked” obsessively for all this (long) time. Now that we are ending the industrialization stage, we are slowly starting to have a more time to comment and do social activities. We are very confident all our backers will be amazed of what we have done with vrAse; we really think it´ll be a new chapter for vrar, as when we pioneered smartphone usage and everybody said we were crazy. As for refunds, they will be offered, but only once we are sure every single vrAse has been shipped. Regards @Karmeck, vrAse priority is quality over quantity. Image distortion stresses the human and the machine. For 5'5" screens you should expect around 85 degrees of fov. You will need to control the smartphone via external controllers, image/voice/taps recognition and/or using gps/internal positioning data. @Alex, we are doing (what we hope) will be our last round of tests and trials. If everything is as good as we like, we´ll take the parts for a special treatment before assembling and packaging. Since dates have slipped so much, we´ll only announce shipping once we (literally) have the vrAse units in their boxes. @karmeck, vrAse will be compatible will all smartphones up to 160mm x 85 mm x 10 mm Hello everybody, vrAse team is focusing now on closing a deal with a big manufacturer, we have been speaking with them for a long time and now it is the moment to make and sign a contract. That is the reason why we have not done the update yet, we would like to have something important and really great to tell you before making any update. As the conversations are lengthening in time, we are going to see what happens in the next few days and after that we will make the update anyway, to let you know what is going on. We know there are some unhappy backers of our project (they let us know everyday in the comment section). Even if they are a minority and we do not have the obligation, we are discussing to find a solution for them, because they deserve all of our attention too. As soon as we have decided which one we think is the best solution, we will let you know. So please be patient, because soon we will have all your answers. vrAse team Hi everybody, I am writing on behalf of vrAse team and I would like to be clear on the fact that, whatever people say, we are still here, working on the project everyday and every night. We know the comment section has gone bad because some of our backers are not happy with delay and communication. And we do understand them. But we do not accept offensive comments to anyone, neither from those who want to support us. There is no place to behave like this, even on the web. I am writing to let you know that the project is continuously going forward. We've never stopped working and we won't. It may go much slower than expected but everyday new things are finished and we get closer to our goal. On the other hand, we are going to make an update with really exciting news soon. It is important to us first to confirm these news, so later we can make the update with confidence. See you soon and stay positive as you have backed a really new product that has no market yet. It's just a question of time to get it before your very eyes! vrAse team Hello @Alex Warto We´ll have to get our hands on one unit before we can say anything officially about the curve display phone support. But if I have to say something, don´t count on it, at least initially. Best regards, vrAse team @Greg Dash Dear Greg, we unfortunately have allocated most all resources to production, design, etc. So It is not possible for us to do refunds until we process all step, then we will have the possibility to say if we have some funds left for refund. Best regards, vrAse team Hello @Kevin! Exactly! We had our first final design in March. We made a budget with different manufacturers for this design. But some important aspects of it did not work as expected and we had to redo the design and that´s the reason why we had a delay. We understand there was a lack of communication from our side. Now we almost have the final design and we are eager to finish the product and so we all be able to enjoy it. Receive our most sincere apologies. Best regards, vrAse team @karmeck Hi karmeck, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Stay tuned to the next update. Regards, vrAse @Stevens Hello Stevens, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. Stay tuned to the next update. Regards, vrAse @Amir Soltani Hello Amir, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Regards, vrAse @Paul Kingsley-Smith Hi Paul, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. The product is already in production phase and have the online store as soon as possible for pre-orders. We will make a update soon. Thank you very much. Regards, vrAse @Eugene Fidelin Hey Eugene! We are working very hard to get the product as soon as possible. Stay tuned to the next update, we will give important information about the condition of the product. Regards, vrAse @Paul Elson Hi Paul, sorry for not taking the time to answer your questions. From now on we will answer. Regards, vrAse Hi guys, Nice to come back to you again! Today, we would like to ask you to join us on the forum. From now, that will be much easier to communicate with you as you will have some members of our staff to discuss with you and answer your questions. So if you have any specific query, do not hesitate to contact us on the forum. Truth is, it is quite complicated for us to keep track of all your comments on Kickstarter, so the best way to be in touch regularly will definitely be through the forum. Here is the link to follow: <url>“top secret information” about the business. But the truth is that the project has been possible thanks to you guys, so you deserve to know what is going on. So keep an eye on your emails and join us for a chat on the forum. Thanks again to everyone of you. You are a great support! Hi guys, The MWC was amazing! We have met lots of people, even some of our backers, we made new contacts and showed vrAse to everybody. Thanks for being so patient and as we promised we will make tomorrow an update to inform you about everything that happened at the congress. We want as well to keep making updates every week or so, to tell you what are we doing and to share our news. Any question you may have, please send us a private message. All the best! Hi guys! We are in the MWC And this is amazing! We will be able to Answer all message via twitter. Thanks Hi Alex and David, Thanks a lot for your support. We are doing this for people like you, who keep our motivation high! Now at the MWC in Barcelona we are going to make some videos with people trying vrAse and we will be glad to share them with you. As we said, if you are around, just send us a message and we can meet over there. All the best! @Hunter Thanks very much for your understanding. People like you are the ones that keep us working hard. Really appreciated. Hi everybody, There are few things we would like to clarify for you. The website is working right now, and if you are experiencing any problem, please try writing the 3 W: www.vrAse.com. If you do not write everything the DNS may not work. The reason of all of this is because we are changing the server, increasing the capabilities of the website, so much more people is going to be able to enter keeping a good speed. These days we have heard crazy things about vrAse, here on Kickstarter. The truth is that we are here working super hard to get vrAse ready ASAP. Unfortunately, we can’t make any refund because this money have been already assigned under contract for production. About the final design, it is going to be secret until fully ready for two reasons. First, if we do not do that, as some of you have well said, before we can even launched there will be cheap quality copies of our product on the market. And secondly, we would like to impress you with all the work we have done and keep the surprise to the very end. Before the product launch you will see the design and then, you will be the firsts to have vrAse in your hands. A part of the vrAse team is going to the Mobile World Congress and the 4YFN in Barcelona, from the 24th to the 27th of February. And then we will be attending the Wearable Technology Show in London, from the 18th to the 19th of March. All of you who want to meet and try vrAse are very welcome to these events: we will love to arrange a meeting with any backer, in person, and of course make a demo. Even if you are not going to these events, we can arrange to meet outside. (if there are lots of people willing to do so, we could arrange a place and time for all of us, so we can know each other and enjoy a moment together around vrAse project). Thanks and see you soon! Hi everyone, The website ( vrAse.com ) is working again! Here at the office everything is going well, working hard and preparing an update to keep you inform as we promised. Thank you all! @fabjoe Thank you very much for the information. We are changing our server so that maybe the problem. We will inform you as soon as we discover what it is really happening. Please @Karmeck, as Marcus says, relax :D The units are going to be on production soon and you will be the first to know about it! @Alex Thanks a lot for the list. We are working as well on our own list. Hi everyone! We would like to thank you all and specially Neil for being so understanding. We have backed other KS projects and know how you feel. The difference is that now we are on the other side and we know how complicate and time consuming is working on your own project and with third parties. As we said, the design and the pieces (adapters and so on) are not going to be revealed yet. This is a part of the surprise. For all the questions about the software, we are collaborating with software developers to create new apps, launchers, games and AR stuff. We won't stop until our goals are reached! The survey will be submitted to you just before we send vrAse to production. Like this if there is any last moment change we can still let you know on the survey and you can choose what you prefer. We are speaking with different business to let them be in charge of the shipping. Professionals will make it faster and cheaper than us. We promise to keep you updated with every news we have. Have a nice day! Hi guys, Thanks for all your comments! We are always listening and taking good care of your ideas. Now it is all about the design, and you will see the final one soon. But meanwhile let’s keep it secret, so you will have a nice surprise. About collaboration, we are speaking with lots of people and companies. This is a hard job with long term results, so we are taking care to choose the right company onboard for this adventure. We will see in few months how this is going. New year is coming, and that means February arrives soon! Cheer up! @Ali We are going to send you the Survey with all the questions related to shipping, model, smartphone, etc. once we are ready to send the units to production. This is because Kickstarter allows us only to send one Survey, so we want to be completely sure that everything has been sorted out. Thanks for your understanding! @Alex The fresnel lenses used on mono lense have a really bad image quality. You cannot enjoy a movie as you can do on vrAse. Hi guys, Pleasure to keep reading you and your enthusiasm about vrAse ;) We are 100% focused on the production these days. As soon as we are ready to deliver vrAse we’ll talk again together about the choice of adaptor and why. For now, no rush, no worries. About the kind of games you can play with vrAse, it is very simple : any SBS (side by side) designed game is compatible with vrAse and it doesn’t matter where it comes from. the important is the format. So yes, SBS games, good for vrAse of course. Have a nice evening you all, we keep in touch. @Evan We are going to post an update about it really soon. @Karmeck You have to convert the video in SBS. We will tell you how before you get your vrAse :D Hi Guys, We have had some problems with the survey, so tomorrow we are going to make an update explaining everything. And of course we will tell you what is new! @Balaji We may have a surprise for you guys about doing photos and videos in 3D. And it is really small and will come with software. vrAse and aetherAR teams are working on this software right now. We told you, we’ll have lots of nice surprises for you guys! This is just the beginning! Thanks a lot for supporting us! @Kyle The new smartphones coming to the market will have a perfect fit case. We are working on it, and we will need time. @Peter vorpX is a program to convert to SBS, so you can use it for vrAse without any problem. About vrAse and iMotion, we are collaborating to find a solution. The “know how” we have and the technology will make it possible. As soon as we have news, you will be the first to know for sure! @David Thanks for the comments! It is Kickstarter who decided about the payment, there is nothing we can do. But we have solve many problems with backers and until now all the american backers have made the payments without problems. Please tell us via private message your problem and we will help you. @Greg We are still thinking of adding more perfect fit cases and in the future, we will be always adding more. But right now, as we did not arrive to the minimum stretch goals we cannot add new cases yet. Please don’t worry about it, you will be able to get it in the future. Anyway the universal one has been study with care. @Marco Thanks very much! Everything is going pretty well! We will see after Kickstarter about printing models, because there are some problems to be solved before, the lenses, the pattern you need to have and few things more. We are working on the final design, it will look amazing! Hi guys! Thanks for the comments! We are afraid that P@s@f is right. We are dealing now with the final design of vrAse, distributors, manufactures and so on. And all these things means funds, that we will get from Kickstarter to do the product. Do not forget that vrAse is a prototype yet, not a very famous product on the market, but we will get famous and we won’t forget our backers ever! @ Rob, for now, to obtain a better result it is still more interesting to use the universal case. We plan to add a perfect fit for your phone in the future. There won't be any misalignment to worry about, the software can help to solve this problem and the universal case has been studied to offer an optimal condition to watch your movies ;) Effectively you will have the opportunity to customize the IPD, change the lenses, etc... Thanks a lot for your support! All of you made this possible. @Joe We will study your comment. Quite a lot of people like the hard case, and to be honest we like it too. And can be easily sell apart. I do not know right now or soon, but in the future I like to think that it will be sell, the hard case and other accessories. @Oleg The IPD can be easily adjust. The video in Home show it. @Oleg Do not worry! It is normal, we feel like you, we can't wait! ;D @Peter and David The forum on the website can be a good idea, I am going to speak with the members of the team to discussed. As well, let you know that we are going to publish a guide "How to use it" before you get vrAse, where we will explain how to use all the content/software and make the most of vrAse. Anyway, the forum can be a really good idea. I will come back to you soon. Thanks very much for the advice! @Neil Thanks! @Marijn You are quite right, the imotion controller looks like a perfect match for vrAse! Right now, there are lots of new controller, everyday smaller and lighter. @Hikikomori4ever We will see, it is a possibility but it will depend on developers. This is the point, with vrAse and your smartphone the possibilities are limitless. @Oleg We can only say approximate dates, because it will depend on when we get the funds, finish the design, also the manufactory times, etc. The problem is that it does not depend only on us and our work. All the games in SBS from other platforms are perfectly suitable for vrAse. @Simon Thanks very much for spreading the word! @Peter Do not worry! Tomorrow morning will be there with some croissants as well. Enjoy it! XD Thank for making our day more fun! @Alex Right now, vrAse can support until 6.3” devices. We will add new smartphones in the future. @Simon Thanks for your interest! We noticed that technically you know a lot about the matter, people like you can help us a lot now in the project. To be honest, we are having the same problems as others (not to mention anyone, you know) developing the software. We put all of our capacities trying to solve the problems, what as you know, we are not many in the team, and it is now with Kickstarter, reaching the funds, that we can make our ideas concrete. The function of aetherAR is to collaborate with us developing new software, so together we can find a solution for all the problems we meet. The aetherAR work is an amazing one, the guy is really good in his field and we are sure he is going to develop something revolutionary soon. As we said we will publish a guide “how to use it” to show everybody how to stream content, convert it, etc, in an accessible way. Thanks very much for your support! We did it! We have reached the goal and we have still time! Thank you very much! It is your support which made this happen! We won't stop here, this is just an extra motivation to continue working hard. Now the project is a reality, really soon you will enjoy vrAse! @Grillo del mal STEM looks like a really good device for vrAse! We believe it is easier this way, but we will discuss about it. Thanks for your comment! @Paul If needed we will call you for sure! @Justin Your smartphone has to be safe in vrAse, the design has been especially studied. Developers are working with different options to interact with your smartphone when it is inside vrAse. There are a wide range of options like voice commands, move your head to send orders to the smartphone (headtracking), give orders with your eyes (eyetracking like in the S4), use the buttons on the side of your smartphone or use a Bluetooth controller, mouse, wireless device… Hi guys, Thanks very much P@s@f! You are right, you can play any game that is in your computer, including the ones from other platforms. Just want to add that lots and lots of developers are contacting us to develop apps, games, software, etc. for vrAse. Once we have something finished you will be the first to know about it. Kickstarter does not allow us to make a pledge offering 2 or more vrAses (we do not know why). @Alex Yes, you will be able to get perfect fit cases and universal adapters from our website and/or our retailers. @NorthernAvengeR Hello Northern, As you touched some points, we´ll answer them one by one; I Backed this project because I'm curious if this will actually go where the pitch is strongly alluding to and the light blocking might be neat for use in sunlight. - We are glad you backed our project. Thanks. I still find the pitch to be somewhat disingenuous though. All I can take away from the pitch asto what this really is, is basically a pair of binoculars your phone slides into that you can strap to your face. - Yes, it seems you get the idea well!. Who is going to supply the SBS 3D content beyond specialized video player apps for video? - We´ll post software news over at our website, but most probably not us, we are not a software company. Is there a driver that converts 2D into SBS 3D without significant performance drops? Who will be supplying this? - There are some nice drivers out there. Please check our website and www.google.com Is there a list of SBS-capable games? (That must also have controller support because the touchscreen will be hugging your retinas) - Please check our website and social media periodically for news. Without precise headtracking how is this in any way "VR" ? - Depends on how you define "precise". Who came up with that name? - What name? I don't want to come off as overly critical, but that pitch left me with more questions than answers. - We´ll be glad to answer them. I'm quite excited by the potential in this and I want it to become a reality - Please fell free to upgrade your pledge if you feel like doing so. …but I feel the only sure thing this will succede at is being a superior competitor to the TV HAT(remember that thing?) - We don´t know “that thing”, but if it sucks we are sure you´ll know it well. I would love to be proven wrong. - We are working hard to prove people like you they are wrong ;). @Bor We are going to make sure the quality of our product will be the best from the very beginning. Until the design is ready we are not going to send it to production. First, we will make sure everything is perfect. @David People like you make vrAse possible. Thanks very much! @Karsten The Note 3 will be one of the best phones for vrAse. The Note 3 is pretty amazing! And with the gear there are a new world of possibilities. About the latency, technically the latency will be faster in new mobiles phones because it won't need to send the information to another device and return it. @Anna Lisenko Technically it is possible to stream any content from the PC to the smartphone, so almost every game from other platforms can be streamed to your smartphone and enjoyed with vrAse. @Cameron The way to do so will be through aetherAR. We are now working together to make amazing things. @Anna We met them at the Gamescom in Cologne, Germany. Oculus is a nice device but it is a completely different concept from vrAse. Remember that all games that are for PC can be streamed to your smartphone. @Oleg About the perfect fit adapters, vrAse will always try to incorporate them for as much mobiles as possible. Breixo We will do everything that is in our hand to make vrAse possible for your smartphone. @David All your support is making this really happen! Today has been an amazing day for vrAse! @David vrAse will support smartphones til 6.3" I am afraid tablets are too big and heavy. Smartphones are getting better too and more powerful! @David We are working full time contacting media! Help us spread the word! @Karsten The Samsung note 3 will be an amazing smartphone for vrAse! @Peter Yes, you are right, last steps! Go, go, go! Help us spread the word! @P@s@f Thank very much for your support and comments! All your comments are technically correct. @Tom As I wrote to Stephen wearing vrAse you will only see your smartphone screen with the perfect fit cases. If you mean from outside, check on vrAse.com the images. @hikikomori4ever We are working on the website translation. We realize some people want it only in his language, so we are doing it ;) @Stephen Yes. VrAse will work with your Iphone 5s. What you will see is just the screen, in smartphones with a small screen you will see black outlines around the image (for this reason we recommend smartphones with huge screen) but anyway it will be correct by the lenses in the future. @hikikomori4ever You do not have to add £10. The universal case is included on your pledge. You will have to choose it at the end of our Kickstarter campaign. We will send you and email, do not worry about it. Thanks for your support! @David Thanks a lot! We are doing everything we can and sometimes, more! ;-) @Fernando Thank you very much! @Michael The lenses are easily interchangeable so you can use your own lenses. The reason why you do not wear glasses with vrAse is because the closest your eyes are from the lenses, the most immersive is the experience. @Neil The stretch goal will come once we have reached the funding goal. We are thinking about it already! If you wish to receive a perfect fit vrAse + the additional universal case, please add just £10 to your actual pledge. You can do it know or at the end of the Kickstarter campaign. Thanks for the idea! @David and P@s@f The mailing is daily, we are sending emails everyday, everywhere in the world. We are looking for new ideas to make marketing campaigns with little money. You can help us spreading the word! @Ali Thanks very much for spreading the voice! @Kartens Thanks very much! We are really happy about it! In few days we are going to add a new pledge option, we are just calculating the production and distribution costs. About the lenses, they are easily interchangeable and in the future (once we are settled) you will be able to get new lenses depending on of your vision condition. @Ali Our work is now focused on the case itself (only hardware) of vrAse, to reach the best looking ever and a device as comfortable as possible. Our mission with developers is to show them our project, make them understand the vrAse possibilities and convince them to create contents for vrAse (software, apps, games, etc). We cannot focus on everything, because if we try to focus on everything, nothing will be properly done. As we said before, we are going to publish in our new website (date of release is still to confirm) a guide “How to use it” to convert in Side By Side the contents you want to play on vrAse. It will be an accessible guide, so everybody will be able to use it. The hardware is what we are working on now, but we want you to make your own idea on the product, for example, imagine a video player that works with a voice command (play, stop, pause, etc). We really believe vrAse is the future of entertainments. @Peter Thanks for your comment! We are working on the tables and we will publish an update soon. Some people are asking for it, so we are creating one, but it takes time to do it. @Karsten Thanks very much for all your comments! We are going to publish a table with the phone screen size and correlating FoV soon. As we added a universal adapter we are checking how to manage the table. The distortion has not been ignored, we realized it can be corrected with the appropriate software. Of course, we agree that Carmack is doing an excellent work about these issues. vrAse is open to collaborate with other companies ; we know the market is big enough to cover all competitors. We believe as well in cooperation for the VR world, because as you say it means developers will be more interested. Developers are interested in having an SDK as well as the greatest number possible of users. You can already use Unity 3D. We are developing WareWork (<url>’t be fair. We will provide a guide with all the info. @ Evan Thanks for your interest in vrAse. The latency will depend on 3 things; the smartphone you are using, the connection (Wifi or cable) and the software you are using. @Joe Anders is right, you won't have any strain because you will focus the infinite. @Espen We are working on it, it is a good idea because you could play games or use some buttons for media player just with your eyes. Thanks for your comment! @Greg We are still thinking of adding more smartphones as stretch goals once we reach the funding goal. @Xiao Thanks for your comment. We think you may be right, please let me speak with my team about it and come back to you in few days. @dqpb The models we have designed are much more awesome but Kickstarter did not allow us to use render. You will receive the new design, not the old one. @Jay Thanks for supporting us! You can update your pledge at the end of the campaign so don’t worry. @Tzolak Thank you very much! We have heard what you have to say, so don’t hesitate to bring new ideas to the project. @Harrad Thanks Harrad to demonstrate you can record the “skate scene”. Harrad we believe you should show your software to the public. @Dennis Thanks very much for your ideas. We are doing a list of apps and games that you will be able to play from day one (and it is not a short one). @Mike We are a really open minded company and we will try to convince as many people as we can to develop the apps for vrAse, and the media ones are really interesting. But it is really you, the backers, who will make this possible, because if lots of people are interested in vrAse the big guys will do what people is asking for. The models we have designed are much more awesome but Kickstarter did not allow us to use photorealistic renders. @Joe Thanks very much for your comments. Really appreciated, they will do vrAse big. We knowbvrAse is a revolutionary device, something that is going to change the way to understand our smartphones. Now, with your support and with our vision we will make the developers see that the future is here. We have been last week at the Gamescom showing vrAse concept to developers and they loved it! The campaign in Kickstarter will mean everything for vrAse future, because if it’s really successful, developers will cleqrly see, future is here! I have to say that convert a game to SBS it is really easy. Our dream is that soon almost every game have a “vrAse button”. And for the “big names” it will be really really easy. @Hamza Thanks a lot for your opinion! And we quite agree with you. But you have to understand that these ones are just prototypes and the final unit will look even better. @Espen We are focusing on the hardware, to make vrAse look amazing. So it will be the developers how have to think about it. But once vrAse get known developers will think about it for sure. The Samsung galaxy s4 have already eyetracking recognition, so the technology already exists. The vrAse limits will be the developers’ imagination, and they are doing amazing stuff every day! @Sergei The lenses are high quality ones so you are not supposed to experience any distortion. @Tzolak Thanks for supporting us even if your smartphone was not supported by vrAse! The good news is that now you can use vrAse with you iphone 4s! @Lusus We understand people thinking differently from us. We respect their opinions. But one thing is true, the day they try a 3D movie in vrAse they won’t care to look “geek” because wearing vrAse. I am sure about it. (The experience is awesome!) You can now enjoy vrAse with your s2! With the new universal adaptor! @dqpb Thanks for the comment, we mean the lenses are high quality ones, so the image will be seen in an amazing quality. Sorry about the mistake! Thanks to you we realised the misunderstanding and we changed it already in home. @Jarrad This is it, new apps with vrAse mean amazing experience with augmented reality. We realised people are really interested in VR and we created vrAse to help this new revolution begin faster and stronger. Thanks for the idea! @Karmeck. Yes androidpolice criticized us just based on the esthetics, which is really funny, when you realize how people looked when they started using mobiles phones. First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. - Mahatma Gandhi - @Andrew Yes, the “concept” goes back to the 19th century. Actually, the time has come for the concept of a smartphone used as “the ultimate device” (maybe like smart watches), so it´s somehow understandable that some projects will do similar things at the same time. Our difference with similar projecst (some details maybe too similar… hint; front image) remains in important quality aspects like really studied design, a good sized team, quality optics (“others” use fresnel lenses that distort image and will surely give you visual discomfort), establishing contacts with software developers, etc. @simon Thanks for the “wall of text” ;) I´ll try to answer with a “table of possible solutions”; First of all thank you for your support! Watching media; if you don´t want a call to disturb you while watching a movie, modern phones usually have an option “airplane mode” that would allow you to not be disturbed ;) . As for converting media, you can enjoy movies in their actual format, but for now our team is not dealing with the software part of the equation. so if someone wants to convert any media to another format they will have to use the application of their choice. We´ll include a user guide with many examples and software already available. Gaming; Yes vrAse is a new format with lots of possibilities AND challenges, also we are sure people will realize the potential of using vrAse as the medium to deliver compelling apps/games to the smartphone (not to a limited user base, but potentially to hundreds of millions of smartphone users!). Not all games need a joystick to be controlled, there are a whole new world of possibilities just by using the data provided by the smartphone (sensors, frontal camera, etc).Standardization in that way is steaming at full speed (look at apple recent announcements). It’s impossible for our small company to try and cover all bases, however, we want to show people the new format - in a really quality product - they can experiment. Many points are easy to advance/speculate on? thanks to smartphones, because they will always get first new technologies (better screens, wireless coms, sensors, etc). Also if you are too concerned about latency, the smartphone has theoption to use a cable to connect to other more powerful hardware. Of course you also can spend hundreds of dollars in “developers” products that also have our set of challenges to get ahead. Some announcements in the gaming side will be made during the campaign. Feedback; Other companies try to explore the concept in other ways (read nvidia project shield), and this usually means spend hundreds of dollars. Sure the video is to let people get a hint about all new possibilities!! ;) not everything is final!. We are trying to bring a high quality and accessible device for people to enjoy and experiment with. BTW look @”jarrad Hope” comment (we have one beta software now that runs at 20fps and is codded with java, and new galaxy s4 series are able to record up to 120fps… so the hardware and software are actually studied for that (skating scene on the video ;)) ). As you have described it, there is a great potential in this new way of using the smartphone, if you are a dev, now is the time to explore all these new possibilities. Sorry guys we have not answered you yet! But the whole team is preparing a really big SURPRISE for tonight. We have heard what you have to say and we have worked really hard to find a solution. We will answer all the comments and personal messages tonight after the big update. We would like to Thank you all! It means a lot for us that you believe in our project! vrAse team @George First thanks you for your interest in vrAse! 1. vrAse will be ready for 6 smartphones, but unfortunately not for tablets. They are too big and heavy. 2.The case for each smartphone is specially design to fit perfectly with vrAse. There are technical aspects to take in consideration. We really believe in our idea, we know it is a good one and the reactions from people who have tried vrAse prove it. After Kickstarter, start production and make vrAse even better, and this means as well make vrAse available to almost any smartphone on the market, even the ones that are not best sellers. This is the reason why need your support, because even if vrAse is not available for your phone now, it will be (if everything goes well of course!). As well, we are going to publish a really accessible Guide before the end of our Kickstarter campaign. We will explain how to convert your movies and games into Side By Side (SBS) format and how to stream contents from your computer (there are lots of games and demos already online). @w3nk18m When the project finish, we will contact you, asking you which model of vrAse you want and for which smartphone. You have to write your address on the amazon account, but don't worry, you can write us at the end of the project to change it if necessary. Guys I hope we arrive soon to the goal so we can add your smartphones! Good luck for everybody! @Brad Thanks a lot for supporting us! We are focus in the hardware, not software, but we have closely worked with Warework, a company that will help developer to create new software really fast, efficient and cross platform compatible, and it's also free. Like this we can focus on the design and quality of the product. You have to understand that we don’t want to compete developing software, because as soon as vrAse get known, developers will see that the future is on the smartphone. The last months we have been showing the product to lots of developer and they love the idea. Hopefully there will be some special surprises to be announced during the Kickstarter campaign. We have not contacted with Poppy yet, but we realised that the idea is a really good one and compatible with vrAse. We are a very open company, small but open minded. @othersdevices Yes, it is really weird! Especially because we have spent more than a year to prepare the project and 2 months to have it ready for Kickstarter. Anyway it's nice to know that everybody is interested in Virtual Reality and that proves the idea is a good one. Hi guys, We will try to extend vrAse compatibility to as many smartphones as possible for the release, but our priorities are always the product quality and make sure the new smartphones added fit perfectly in vrAse so they can provide the best experience to the user. Marijn Stretch goals will come as soon as we reach our funding goal! So please support us! thanks a lot! Peter Wiegersma Thanks a lot! We are really focus on the hardware to do an amazing design which it looks awesome! You have to think that possibilities are almost limitless, because the smartphone is a machine built for communications. You can connect it to others devices in many different ways. We are going to publish a accessible guide to show everybody how to deal with the software. But.... I'm almost sure developers will have solve all these issues before you have vrAse in your hands. Pablo Thank you very much! We believe the idea is really simple and super powerful. You don't need your glasses! More info in the FAQs The brightness has to be adjust to the most comfortable for your eyes. Dinh It will depend of the software you choose. It looks pretty amazing with the iphone 5, but it is look even better with full HD screen. More pixels = Better image quality. Alex Thanks for the question. vrAse will support till 6.3" screen. And we'll see with future designs. Rob W Yes it is really weird that a guy have the same idea, with the same price and dates... really weird. And it's more strange because we made it public a week ago. Anyway, we are glad people like our idea and want to try develop it on their own. I would like to say we really believe in our product, the design is awesome, the lenses have been tested by our ophthalmologist and your smartphone will be well hold and secure inside vrAse. Edmond Officially I cannot say anything yet, but if we get the funding goal we are thinking on set stretch goals with more smartphones. And nexus 4 will be one of the first because lots of people are asking for it. We encourage all the backers to support our project, even if it is only £1, because this will means that new phones will be ready from day one. Thanks Denny TB Thanks for your support! And do not worry, your smartphone is really powerful and the screen have amazing resolution so you won't regret it! You have to see people smiling first time they try vrAse, they can't help it. Esteban Thanks! I am sure more people have the same questions. You can add the shipping cost now or later on, no problem at all. Shadaz The point is that our product have more options than others product in the market. Your smartphone is a really powerful machine and with vrAse you can do plenty of things! How sick you feel will depend on the app or game you are playing. If you are watching a movie, you don't need to move your head (Although, I cannot help myself moving the head from time to time, because the 3D images are so realistic and immersives that look they are going to touch you) Hi Greg L. Thank you very very much. We won't forget this!