MAJOR UPDATE. Great news. Please read. Mini update in the comments! Lower the pitchforks! New update posted #29. Good news. Very late, but good news. We got the go ahead! Just posted an update. Yes. Oops forgot to notify here. Mini update from our manufacturer posted yesterday. Thanks Amir. Guys, quick mini update in the comments section! Guys - New mini update in Update #26 section re: ATS testing... for those still alive. Mike, send an email to <email> Zach, check the update comment section for new videos! Hey Zach, see Update #26. Haha that's cute! I wish you the best of luck with that Steph. On a serious note, I have posted a mini-update on the status of our testing in the comments section of Update #26. Cheers. Hey guys - Hope everyone had a nice holiday break. I posted a new update that we received from our manufacturer over the weekend (comment section of Update #25) . Things are looking good. Hern Guys guys guys... New update from the manufacturer in the comments section. Trumpeting positively, Hern Another update from our manufacturer (Update comments section). Stay alive Tim! Hey guys - Yet another "mini update" in the comments section of the last update. Andy - yup. That's exactly what I'm dealing with right now. The manufacturer is working with third party vendors and testing labs, making adjustments, submitting, getting feedback, making more adjustments, re-prototyping, resubmitting, testing/troubleshooting, etc. Another mini update! (in the comments section of #25). Basically we are trying hard to pass the final third-party TDMA testing (we passed with one, we failed with another). Mfg is currently working on making electrical adjustments on the PCB in order to pass this test and finally get the thumbs-up from Apple. Mini update in Update #25 for the restless natives! Update #26 coming soon... pending final TDMA testing results. That is correct. It's a process. Thanks Nick. And it should get pretty serious soon, as I have personally scolded Apple HQ informing them of DP's shaken confidence. Put on your seat belt! "Guess we're just along for the ride." - Yes, what else did you expect? "...feedback and experience." - If I am waiting for vendor and Apple updates what kind of updates do you want? Updates about no updates? Poor Shawn. I will however say that those who are defending Shawn's attitude and playing the perennial victim should take a look at other kickstarter backers who understand the concept of kickstarter and what it's really supposed to be like. In your flippant reply directly to me you asked for the remainder of your pledge minus all fees taxes, and costs. Do you want your $0.18 or the WALdok units? For those who are getting antsy in the pantsy: I haven't "worked" on this project since November. I have just been managing the vendors, going through the Apple MiFi Program hoops, answering occasional vendor emails, etc. There are "lead times" that are out of anyone's hands. For example, it took over 2 months to get the last VERSION of working prototypes done. Combine the engineering/manufacturing time with Chinese New Year, it just happened. Most recently, we sent out prototypes for testing at Apple's TDMA testing labs in the first week of February. No word from them yet. Hence no updates from me. AND we still have to go through UL testing as well after getting Apple's approval. Also, the same approval process for the packaging (design, prototyping, application and approval). I've been waiting on results as much as anyone. So @Nick - I might as well be on a beach having a drink. Me jumping up and down is not going to get vendors and Apple to move any faster than reality. For those talking about "refund": I shouldn't have to, but let me unconfuse you guys because you seem to not understand the concept of Kickstarter. The funds were raised for the development of the project, not to buy a product. Reread that a few times. The initial units of WALdoks were offered as free gifts (KS lingo: "rewards") for backing (KS lingo: "pledging") the project at certain levels. This is true for ALL crowdfunding sites. This isn't Amazon or BestBuy. Furthermore: % fee was paid to Kickstarter % fee was paid to Amazon % were paid to IRS $ were spent in engineering and prototying thus far $ is bugeted to be spent for future costs So this "refund" that you are referring to - Fight that good fight. If you find it, please let me know ASAP. Sent from my WALdok Yup - 7 prototypes are being made and sent to third party labs and Apple for approval. (Although nothing is happening right now being that it's Chinese New Year. Mfg: "Factory Will Be Closed: Saturday 1/21 - Sunday 2/5"). Thanks guys - updates in the backer section as soon as I get them! Hey guys - posting some mini-updates in the Updates comment section so I don't constantly send out non-milestone updates to every backer. Thanks for the support Mike! To be completely honest, I landed at Logan airport in Boston tonight at 6-something pm, came home and read 17 messages and 11 notifications in my Kickstarter log-in email. Then wrote an update. Yes, your comment was one of many that made me hurry up with a general no-milestone update but you can be sure that yours wasn't any more interesting than the others asking for an update. You are looking way into nothing. You may have better luck with the FBI. Guys* Guy - new update posted! Robert Leunis - please send me a note with where you want the $10 USD sent to. But first you will have to get back to Kickstarter to delete your account permanently or find some other way to remove your access to the backer's only update section. Once this is finalized, I will immediately send out your pledge. Sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. Waiting a few more days for an update - we have the WORKING prototype completed (ver. 1.0) - from experience with product development, I'm not expecting it to be perfect. However, it's still a very exciting step! I will post an update when we receive it (currently in transit), possibly with video and of course tons of pictures. Stay tuned... and of course your unbridled patience is much appreciated. Steven - Will let everyone know what we decide with the left over BETA clear prototypes. Alex - it does NOT have a 3.5mm jack, that was a prototype we made just as a proof of concept to test sound quality using off-the-shelf and cannibalized parts. The production unit WALdok will work off the Apple proprietary 30-pin connector only and be compatible with most older and newer gen iDevices. Yup - thanks Nick. Aside from the factors we have to deal with in "typical" product development involving electrical/mechanical design, prototyping and manufacturing, we have to also go through the process of Apple's MFi Program which adds longer led times and tons of extra management. I'll make sure to update with info as much as I can to keep everyone abreast of the latest developments. We're running as fast as possible to get to the first batch of BETA prototypes. But in saying so, we also don't want to rush and compromise on quality, as we're not just making models, but shooting for robust product design that can eventually be sold to the public. 24 hours to go! Please repost and spread the word! One post or tweet can make a big difference - <url>"worst case" scenario + further investment required (since Kickstarter model is all or nothing). So please keep spreading the word! Thanks guys for the support! 21 days to go - keep spreading the word! A Facebook post and a tweet would be appreciated! HI Loius - thanks for the suggestion. But I think we can do better than $39!! Especially if we just need the adapter parts. Nope, stilll here. On conf calll as I type (with PCB house). Cheers Hern Thanks a bunch for stepping in to answer some questions Adam. We're still busy working on the final design of the housing, PCB layout and also all the fun that comes with setting up the business side of the WALdok. Answers to popular questions are also posted on the FAQ page on WALdok.com. Kurt - Even with petrochemical plastics, it's hard to specify a UL approved material/color. For a widget that wasn't electronic (or plugs directly into the socket), it would be easier to consider alternative materials like bioplastics. Finding an approved bio-material that satisfies everything from design feel, engineering, compliance, and cost would out weigh the benefits in this type of application. Thanks Elijah! I slowly watched the sun rise this morning... haha haha YOU GUYS ARE KILLING ME.... incorporating those international slides will be SO MUCH more than the $30k we are shooting for... Hi Tomas - it is something we considered - similar to this: <url>#6. David! The center is the foil cone (aka dust cap) that's part of the diaphragm, found on typical speakers. User functionality of the nano touchscreen is unhindered and should be exactly the same as using the nano undocked and in your hand. Luis - During testing, it sounds great even with the shower on! Kikin - Por ahora nos estamos centrando en el conector americano, pero se puede utilizar con adaptadores internacionales. Ashley - Unfortunately the shuffle uses a 3.5mm stereo headphone jack for both audio AND charging. WALdok will use only the Apple 30-pin connector for both audio and charging. (FYI: the jack you see in the photos was to get the proof-of-concept prototype working for testing purposes) Hi Ivan - Currently with this version, we're focusing on standard US sockets. However it can be used with international adapters, although obviously it would be pushed out a bit from the wall (another reason accommodating iPhones, iPods, iPads, Blackberries, DRIODs and StarTACs is unrealistic). We are going through the application process with the Apple MFi program - it certainly is a significant cost just to use the logo (and purchasing the component). Yes, very specific market - pertaining to a handful of nano user scenarios. We all already have docks and speakers, and if you're fine with a Logitech, Altec or Bose sitting on your sink (or boombox on the toilet tank as we used to do back in college) and cord snaking up to the wall outlet, then this is really not a need for you. And again, we're really not focusing on iPhones, iPads or even Blackberries with this niche device. But we'll see about the USB. Noman - we also considered this, like many camera battery charger blocks. We'll see how much room we have back there (we're also considering a battery so it may be too tight for either or both). But it really would make it more portable and could also double as a kickstand. If we do go with it, we'll call it the Noman feature. It's not a question of adapter trays being "difficult to produce." We didn't set out to make a universal dock that appeases the entire Apple line up of products past and present. Nor even other generic MP3 players. There are plenty of stationary desktop docks out there with universal add-on trays. We just don't want that next to our wet sink. It's designed just for nano owners that see a need to plug-n-play, and adding another "method of use" aside from clipping it on-the-go or slapping it onto watch bands. The design goals were simple - 1) DIRECTLY plugs into the wall outlet 2) small form factor as possible 2) 40mm driver. To consider users placing and balancing a full sized iPhone, iPod or iPad onto a unit satisfying these primary goals, and 4 feet above the ground, would be unrealistic and reaching. Also, there are no screws or brackets, it's supporting itself by the outlet prongs. Do you want to put your $600 iPad on it 4 feet off the ground? This product is specific for iPod nano owners only.