Hi Mike, What you're describing is not typical. We'll reach out via e-mail (whatever email you use when you backed the project) to help you troubleshoot the issue. And thank you for being a backer! Thanks for the kind words Brian! We hope you love yours as much as we love ours :-) No problem Jack. We'll direct message you to confirm! @Kris, the kit is fully compatible with the Phantom 4. Hey Jon, it's not a silly question! The short answer is that the carbon fiber cross-bar will NOT block the camera when it's pointed straight down, because we've set it far enough aft to stay out of the way. We think DJI got it right when they called a drone a "flying camera", and that last thing we want to do is block the field of view! If you take a look at the main campaign video starting at 2:37, there is a video shot with WaterStrider installed and the camera pointing straight down. Hope this helps! You're right in that it's been quite a trip, Stephen! But it looks like the generosity and efforts of our backers is going to make this product a reality! We're 97% funded, and we hope to make this a successful campaign ASAP! Thanks for the effort Stephen. We really appreciate it! Thanks! We've got plans A-Z all in full gear, and it looks like it's working! We're still really hopeful that this project is going to be successfully funded, but every bit counts at this point. So thanks for your, and all the other backers's help! BTW, we'd love ideas for what kind of other rewards to add! Please comment here! Great question Stephen! Kickstarter doesn't allow for multiple reward selections. So just add $25 to your existing pledge, send us a message, and we'll send you both! We encourage everyone to consider buying a tee-shirt as an add-on to help this campaign succeed! Thanks for the suggestions Stephen! Unfortunately it's against Kickstarter's rules to self-fund. Short of that, we're definitely doing everything we can think of to make this project a success! Thanks again! Thanks for all your contributions Stephen! We really appreciate it! We also agree that we need to get the word out more, so we've invested in some advertising (including some a big Phantom specific forum). We are hopeful that this will help create the attention we need and kick things into high gear! Hey Stephen! We're ~½ way through the campaign and ~½ funded, and we believe we've learned a LOT from AUVSI that we're incorporating into our page (just today we added quotes from experts, and we have other changes in the works). We're also learning how to better target potential customers with word of mouth and advertising (we're engineers, not marketers.) It's also very normal for the middle of a KS campaign to slow down just a bit compared to the beginning and end, so we're confident we can still meet the threshold! (BTW, Kickstarter forbids extending the campaign and/or changing the requested funding amount, so those aren't options. We're also limited on what else we can add in without loosing money in the process given our current costs.) As always, thanks for the comment! Hi Stephen! Thanks for the excellent suggestions. We're working very hard to get the word out in multiple ways. We've issued many dozens of press releases (each being time consuming because of unique requirements, but we're also slowly being picked up by multiple news sources), we've visited one of the biggest drone conferences in the world (where we make a lot of contacts and got great feedback), and we're dedicating lots of time and money to validating the Phantom 4 ASAP. We also agree that we've done a poor job at explaining how much technology and engineering went into this product (40-50+ design iterations)! We're engineers by trade, not sales and marketing. But we're working hard to listen to feedback, improve our message, make changes where appropriate, all while making sure we can deliver on all of our promises. We're working hard to make sure we run a successful campaign! Thanks you for your engagement, comments, and support. We really appreciate it! Hey Stephen! We're working hard on getting the word out at AUVSI, validating the Phantom 4, and updating the KS campaign page to alleviate some concerns we've heard. We'll be posting an update talking about our experiences at AUVSI soon, complete with pictures! @Brian Habegger, great questions! The weight is less than 0.3 kg. The flight time question is a little trickier because it depends upon how you use it. Check out the FAQ we just posted which gives lab-type testing results, as well as our real-world experience. Thanks for reaching out! @Kris, we don't have an answer to the question quite yet. We are actively working this question, but due to some of the new sensors on the drone there is a lot of extra validation work to be done. This validation may or may not be done by the end of the campaign, but we'll be posting updates that include this topic since many people are interested. Thanks! Hi @Rich, we've updated our FAQ's to address your question. The short answer is that yes, we would like to expand, but it has to make commercial sense. Send us a message and let us know what you'd like to see next!