More DVDs are shipping out tomorrow - it's taken us longer than expected to get everything packaged and addressed. Sorry for the delays - domestic backers should receive their rewards next week, and international backers the week after that! Hey JR, Thanks for your comment. Not to get technical, but we actually addressed the backers on June 11th, which was 1 1/2 months ago. We will have some exciting news very soon - our NYC theatrical release is in the works! This is what we've been waiting for, and have finally achieved with your support. Unfortunately, we still don't have any updates on when awards will start going out. This is largely dependent upon the theatrical release, which takes place before DVDs are manufactured. If we had to guess, it's likely they won't go out until late winter. But that could be wrong, too. We apologize for not getting the ship date correct, but that's part of the process. Filmmaking is a very slow beast, but we are doing our best and will update everyone when we have something to share. We really appreciate all your support, and hope that you can bear with us a little longer. Thanks, Mike & Chris Hey Timothy, We most definitely haven't forgotten our supporters. However, there is a big difference between a festival version of a film and a final version of a film. We are still making small changes in the edit room that are influenced by our experience watching the film with audiences. We are planning a big update soon and will hopefully have some news to share about distribution. Sorry, Craig. We're still finishing up the film, so nothing has been sent out. We apologize for the delay, and will keep everyone posted. We're in the editing room right now and expect to be finished editing by the first week of December - after that, it's time to soundmix and color! We're currently submitting the film to festivals, and will be sure to update everyone on where/when the film will premiere! Thanks again for all your support. Thank you so much Suzanne! We're so grateful for your support.