@Alex- Thanks! We've now officially released for every major platform and console! Any backers free to email me at david [at] nightlightint [dot] com and I can send you a code for your preferred console of choice. @lartomar2002- It's a far ways off, but we certainly hope to port to OUYA. We've been keeping in close contact with OUYA! :) @Dylan- I am going to private message you with your Humble Bundle key. @Omar- we just put the contents of the Deluxe Edition available on our page! <url>"Rudolf Flagg" is the name you want on the website (and it is on the list). Backers- please check your survey responses because we exported the list of names directly from Kickstarter! :) Hey Omar, currently no plans for either, but I do own a Wii U and would love to see the game come to that console! @Raphael - The survey helps us understand what the platform of choice is for our backers. It also helps us see how many keys we need to purchase for each platform. I would love to have all versions available to all backers, but I don't want to promise anything without knowing the overall cost. The reward description states OUYA, PC, Mac OR Linux, not all of them. If the platform I release on doesn't charge for keys, or for multiple platforms, then I will make multiple platforms available to backers. @Serena - I really appreciate all your support and I am glad you like all the content so much :) @Lucas - Yes we will be launching a PayPal after the campaign ends. @Syazwan Chan - Yes, I would like to bring it to GoG. It is one of the top places I would like to submit the game. @Everyone - Thank you so much for all the comments and support :) 46 hours to go! @govon - Yes it will be DRM free, but will also be available on platforms such as Steam. @Anaxphone - I hope Back to Bed makes it as well. It is a beautiful game. Thanks everyone for your kind words! We appreciate all the support! @TheChosenOne - Not at this point, but we are considering selling individual items after Kickstarter ends on our website. Some items will be Kickstarter exclusive though. @Lucas It's her father's jacket. So I guess...ask your dad? ;) @Alyssa- Yes, we intend to have Paypal available after Kickstarter is over. We will be selling some of the merchandise from the Kickstarter on our website, so you can purchase additional copies of the game, plushies, etc. Some swag will be Kickstarter exclusive though. We would love to include signed artwork! @Bucen- 1. Yes that is a known error and something we will be fixing. 2. Yes, we will be including a ton of sprite animation for Elena. We have a fantastic animation team that has been unable to get their hands fully into the project, but we will be smoothing out animation, adding tons more animations, etc. We are planning on having ghosts appear as "wisps" like you suggested (magic candle light). Then when you interact with them they will turn into their regular form. If you watch the newest teaser video there is much more detail added like cracks, spiderwebs, etc. You don't have to worry about the art an animation, that's our specialty! 3. Yes of course! We have a very deep and immersive narrative planned. This was just a gameplay demo created in 10 days for the OUYA Create Game Jam. It does not reflect the main game's final look, gameplay, etc. 4. Music will loop properly in the final game. Thanks for your thoughts and questions! I will add a few of these to the FAQ! Great ideas Alyssa! A map will definitely be included. We would likely be posting facts about the different characters and locations at the bottom of the pages. Great idea about signing the art books. We will do that. I'll make an official announcement soon when I talk more about what will be inside. Thanks everyone for your comments and feedback! Lucas- we have considered the ability of possession and although is it not currently planned to be implemented, we would like to play with the idea more in the future. Alyssa- the hard cover art book is going to be beautiful! I think you will be very satisfied. What kinds of things would you like to see in it? Currently we are planning on implementing concept art, promotional material, in game art, and biographies on characters and locations!