This comments section is quickly turning into a bathroom wall with only one author. We apologize for the user abusing this area. As always, we are happy to help by answering any questions or concerns through the blue "Contact me" link located on the right side of this page. Hello backers, I want to fist apologize for the lack of attention given to the comment section. We have responded to each and every direct message that we have received through Kickstarter and will continue to do so to answer your questions and help in any way we can. As for our spammer - We did our best to help the guy out, but he wouldn't be helped. If anyone has a question about their pledge or rewards, please contact us via the blue "Contact me" link to your right. Cheers, Zach All complete orders have been shipped for some time now. Anyone who has not received their Rox please contact us by clicking the blue "Contact Me" link on the right side of the page. We will do our best to assist you. If you aren't sure of the best way to use your Rox or if they aren't "working" for you (or just for general questions), contact us directly and we will assist you. Cheers, BevRox.com @Nir - PM sent (again) @Frank, @Edwyn, @ Bill, @Nir - PM Sent. @Erik - Check your messages. We stumbled upon this cool writeup/uncrate by Gigazine! Lots of testing and comparison. Check it out! <url>" except for Beer. @Daniel - There should have been 8. Shoot us a message and we will get it sorted for you. @Erik - Shoot us a message and we will get it sorted for you. @Danilo - We are troubleshooting each shipment one-by-one. It's a process that we couldn't have prepared for. We do apologize for the delay and are working as fast as we can to get through all the messages we have. @Argaen - We are glad to hear you received your Rox! Sometimes the tracking info doesn't work right with international shipments... We are troubleshooting the remaining orders one at a time, in the order they were received. We will update everyone if anything changes. Cheers Something that might be of interest to people who have contacted us multiple times and have not received a response: To be fair, we reply to all of the messages in the order they are received. When a backer sends us a new message, the messaging system automatically treats the backer's messaging thread, and all their messages (old and new), as a "new message". So the whole thread is seen as new and is bumped to the "back of the line". Give us time to sort through them all and we promise we will get to you. Cheers! @Patrick - Click the "Contact Me" link under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" located on the main project page. When your message comes to us, it shows us all of your contact info, backer report, and all pledge/reward details. It makes it a lot easier (and faster) for us to help you. There are a few hundred orders that we have to troubleshoot. (also a few hundred emails.) It may take some time. Thank you for your patience. We love to hear that you all are enjoying your Rox! Thank you for the kinds words and support. It makes us feel good to know that our product is appreciated. If anyone has any questions or concerns: Click the "Contact Me" link located on the main project page, under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" and we will get back to you as soon as we can. It occurred to us that some backers might not know how to send a message through Kickstarter. Click the "Contact Me" link under "Project by: Zach Lengell / Seattle, Wa" located on the main project page. When your message comes to us, it shows us all of your contact info, backer report, and all pledge/reward details. It makes it a lot easier (and faster) for us to help you. *If you have recently received your shipping confirmation, you should receive your reward soon. We received a slab of the wrong size and had to cancel a few shipments that included BEER ROX. We now have a massive surplus and are re-sending them. Hey Backers, Over 2000 packages have been shipped and we are glad to hear that you enjoy your Rox! The remaining ones are giving us some issues (bad addresses, unpaid shipping, foreign language barriers, returned/damaged packages, etc) and we've been working through them on a case-by-case basis. If you haven't received your reward or there was a problem with the shipment, please contact us through the Kickstarter message system and will happily help you out! Using the messaging system through Kickstarter helps us keep all your information and correspondence organized so we can help more efficiently. We respond to each message in the order it was received. Thank you for your patience and we apologize for any inconvenience. Cheers, BevRox.com Hey everyone, Sorry for the confusion. We posted an update that should give you all a good idea of where we are at. Note: the shipping confirmation just means that your order was processed and a shipping label was printed, not that the order was sent out that day. It is automated and is just the way our shipment processing company is set up. It does however look like the tracking info is spot on. Glad to hear people are enjoying their Rox! We are processing and packing away to get everyone else's out asap! Cheers, Zach Everyone who has received their Rox already: Rinse first, Chill, then Enjoy! @bubba wilson - They're on the way Bubba ;) Cheers, Zach Hey Everyone! It's been almost 2 weeks since our last update and I apologize for that. Time flies when you're cutting stones! We are working on one and will post it up soon. Unfortunately, we haven't had the time to put together any video. I will post some pictures though! Our bags are in - They look great! We upgraded to a double drawstring so they are easier to open/close. Most of the Rox are finished and cleaned - We are bagging them up. We have begun shipping - The first shipments went out this morning! You will receive an email when your order ships. The final count was almost 5000 sets! Thank you for your patience. We can't wait for your feedback! Please let us know how you like them. Cheers, Zach Hi again everyone, If you are having issues completing the Backer Survey, please contact Kickstarter directly. They can assist you. From Kickstarter: "Thanks for writing in, and sorry for the inconvenience! Occasionally, backers will have problems with surveys due to browser settings, incompatibility with certain plug-ins or other issues. We'd be more than happy to look into each individual issue and help the backers if you have them write in to us directly, though!" Thanks, -Zach @Scott Webster - Amazon came through! We are planning on posting another update next week. Thanks Scott! @Christine Chang - Very busy indeed. You will specify this during the backer survey. @Topher Davila - Thanks Topher! Yes, if we had to do it again, it would have been differently. @Navid Aberg - Add stones until you get your desired effect. I would reccommend using stones fresh from the freezer for each drink. We will put together a little manual soon and post it to the website. @Ritchie Patton - The backer report function is designed and ran through Kickstarter. We will look into it. @Ben - I would reccommend two per whiskey. Eight would be too many. We will put together a little manual soon and post it to the website. @Giorgio Formica - That is a problem. We have reported the issue to Kickstarter and will keep everyone posted. @michael mendoza - This is the survey function used for countless projects. We're suprised that this is an issue. @SRuzu - Thanks for sharing your experience. It's weird that this is only happening in some cases. @Edd Legg - There is one in the updates section. The sooner, the better for survey completion. Cheers, -Zach Thanks for the support guys! New update has been posted. More to come! Hey everyone, We made it! Drinks all around!! Thanks again for all your support! We couldn't have done it without you. Don't worry about the shipping for now. We will address it in our next update, which should be in the next day or two, along with the backer surveys. If anyone has any questions, feel free to post them here or to contact me directly. Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Danilo Hashimoto - Well said Danilo! Cheers! 3 hours left!!! @SRuzu - Haha, love it! @bob gidcumb - Thanks for the support Bob! @Scott Webster - That's a good question. Soapstone is nonporous so that should not be much on an issue with Rox. @David Duncan - Thank you David! Your support is much appreciated. Cheers! @Elissa Brown - Yes, James actually put it perfectly. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me. Thanks @James M! Thank you all for the encouragement and support. It means a lot! 24 hours left! Cheers, -Zach @Scott Webster - Hi Scott, we will send out a backer survey at the end of the campaign were you can specify what sets you would like to receive. Thanks for your support and enjoy your whiskey on the Rox! @Jason Torres - Please cite your source so we can see who copied our content. @Tony Helmersen Johansen - Anytime Tony! Cheers! @Joe Williams - Thanks for the support Joe! @Jason Torres - Welcome back Jason. You, The Rox Team, as well as all of our backers know and understand that this is simply not true. Interesting that you did not cite your source. Good luck to you and all of your ventures. Cheers! @Tony Helmersen Johansen - Thanks for the support Tony! The international shipping rate is higher simply because it's more expensive to ship outside the US. (For example, to ship a 1 pound package from the US to the UK, it costs $16.75) If you have any other questions, I'm happy to help! @Scott Suemoto - No problem Scott! If you want multiple rewards, just add up the Pledge Amounts for all desired Rewards. Don't forget to factor in any applicable shipping costs. For more info, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section located towards the bottom of the campaign page. After the campaign, we will send out a backer survey where you can specify what sets you would like to receive. @Pierluigi Basilico - Bev-Rox is an abbreviation of "Beverage Rox". - A generic logo to cover all others not yet defined. Cheers! @Deborah Ulrich - You may have any combination of sets you would like. The only restriction is that the package has to weigh under 4 lbs - So all 4 sets cannot be Beer Rox (for international shipments). For more info, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section located towards the bottom of the campaign page. After the campaign, we will send out a backer survey where you can specify what sets you would like to receive. @Derek Beals, @SRuzu - A nice compromise could be to have the logos printed on but in "rustic" way. This way, it is done in a professional and consistent way but also offers a more rustic feel. 62 hours to go! @Joseph De Santis - That's a neat idea! Down the road we could move on to something like that. Thanks for the suggestion! @Jonathon Forde - Thank you for the support Jonathon! We are excited as well! @Jorge Solis - One thing we are thinking about upgrading are the bags. Because of the volume of pledges we have received, we can consider printing the bag logos on instead of hand stamping them. This would cost a little more but should look a lot sharper and be more consistent bag-to-bag. @Michael Boyd - As Ruzu said, it would be easiest to change your pledge. Unless you were wanting to order multiple sets. Then, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of our campaign page. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me directly. Cheers! @SRuzu - Thank you for your support Ruzu! @Douglas - They are dishwasher safe. That might be overkill though. Rinsing with hot water should be fine. @ David Duncan - Thanks David! @ Jorge Solis - We are committed to providing our backers with the highest quality product possible and in a timely manner. We don't want to derail or sidetrack the project with other endeavors. Thank you for your support! @ Joshua Griffing - The sets of 4 and 8 Rox work out so that you have four "drinks worth" - Enough Rox to go around for 4 people at a time. (Either two 1" per glass or one 1.25" per glass.) An extra one would be the odd man out. Some companies do 9 because their stones are smaller and you need at least 3 per glass. - Which in turn, only gives you enough for 3 drinks worth. Nonetheless, we'll keep it in mind. Thanks for the suggestion! @Silver - Thanks again Silver! @Lane Sutton - Yes, Bev-Rox are for just that! Thanks for your support! @David Duncan - Apologies for getting the name wrong before. - Just noticed it! Cheers! @Henri Clinch - This is something we would like to do, but most likely not until post campaign. We want to keep it simple for now so we can get everyone their Rox in a timely fashion. Thanks for your support and suggestion! @David Clinch - No problem David. See the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of the campaign for more details on ordering multiple sets as well as shipping. @Luds - Thank you! We're gearing up so we can get Rox to our backers asap! @Douglas Cohen - I usually keep them in my freezer so they're always ready to go. I think an hour would be adequate though. @Cerity "dave pennygems bag" Silverhawk - We haven't planned on making anything bigger than 1.25 (That is the size our slabs come in) but if there is a demand for something bigger, we can definitely look into it! Thanks, -Zach Thank you once again for the support everyone! It seems the issue was sorted out here by the Kickstarter community itself! @TrentJaspar, @Kouture Crochet, @Devin Cameron, @dex7491, @Mark S, @Edd Legg, @chris horch, @Cerity "dave pennygems bag" Silverhawk, @etienne lechasseur, @Jörn Huxhorn, @Sacha Cohen, @Daniel Bosch, @Silver We shot some video of our new saw in action today. We'll get it up as soon as we can! @Steven Quinonez - One 1.25" Rox is going to cool better than one 1" Rox because of the size difference. With the 1” options, you get 8 Rox. With the 1.25, you get 4 Rox. Other than that and the bag labels, they are the same. 100% US soapstone! @chris horch - I think sometimes people try to add too much liquid with only a small stone. Rox are bigger and should offer better results. There isn't a trick to it though. Just store them in the freezer until ready to use. Cheers! @Tom Mahler, Jr. - Correct. For more info on ordering, please see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section of the campaign. If you have any questions, feel free to message me! @Shawn Nixon - Thank you for the suggestion Shawn! We are considering all options. Hi Backers! Only 9 days left! We hit a few milestones yesterday that we would like to share with all of you. 1. We reached 2000 pledges, which is incredible. Thank you to everyone who has supported our project! 2. We also received the first of our brand new stone cutting saws! - Some assembly required ;) See our latest update for more info and pictures. We were going to wait until we could shoot some more video, but I thought I should post sooner for the sake of the "commenter" below. Does anyone know how to report trolling/spamming? @Hiro McNulty - Thank you for your support Hiro! There are no other major differences. There are 2 different sizes: Whiskey/Wine/Coffee are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer is 1.25" and comes in sets of 4. Each has a different logo stamped on the bag to match the preference on the individual. You can use them interchangeably -They are very versatile. All Rox we cut from the same 100% soapstone slabs here in Washington state. Cheers! @Jason Torres - Hi Jason. Thank you for your interest and concern. I think you should read the campaign and what our project is about before jumping to any conclusions. Whiskey rocks have been around forever. According to whiskey master Richard Paterson, the term “On The Rocks” originated in early Scotland where Scots would go to the river bed and pull out cold stones to put in their drinks. Our mission with Rox was to create a better product. The 7/8″ promised on some products out there is usually barely 3/4″ (or just a 2cm cut from China, like you have seen). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. We just weren’t happy with what was on the market and started a project to fix that problem. Rox have been made available cheaper and, from what we’ve seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. They’re bigger, more efficient, more affordable, and offer better craftsmanship and uniformity. That was part of our goal when we began this project. High quality to me means square stones, clean cuts, and consistency between stone size and finish. That’s just something we haven’t personally seen on the market yet and we're working hard to bring them to you. I hope you're not a sore competitor trying to cause a ruckus. If you have any other questions, I'm happy to help! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Brett DeJager - We will send out a backer survey at the end of the campaign where you can specify what set you would like to receive. Thanks for your pledge Brett! @Silver - We feel the same way! Thanks for backing us! @Steven Quinonez - What Erik said. Feel free to message me if you run into a problem. Thank you! @Erik Grunsten - Cheers Erik! @Andrew Yik - From 70 to around 50 on average. @Richard Kempter - I've been testing Rox in the microwave. No problems. @Topher Davila - Thank you for your support! Rox can be used in any beverage. Soapstone is inert, so it won't react with acids or alkalies. We should get most, if not all, orders out on time. We got restless and already ordered our saw! We will post pictures and possibly some more video when it arrives. Cheers! @Edd Legg - Thanks Edd! @hashish - Neat idea! Simple and straightforward. Thank you for the suggestion! @Christopher Meier, @Jorge Solis - Thanks for the suggestions guys! We just added our first stretch goal! @Charles Luzar - Thank you for your support and coverage Charles! Great story. @Robin Will - I appreciate the enthusiasm Robin. We're working on just that! @Judith & Aaron Altheim - Much thanks to you Judith! @Andrew Yik - Thanks for your interest Andrew. The low quality of the current market is what we're trying to improve upon. I'll try to set up a test soon so we can provide you with some numbers. Cheers! @Richard Kempter - Boiling temperatures should warm them up adequately while cooling your overall beverage down to a more suitable drinking temperature. In turn, the Rox will keep your drink warmer for longer. I'll have to do some tests and get back to you on the microwave question (I don't see it being an issue though). @Norman Scofield Leibovitz - Nope! Same size, same rox, just different packaging to match the backer's preference. Thank you! Cheers! @mike rich - I agree. Very cool idea. Fingers might get a little frosty holding it though... @Carl Men - Thanks Carl! After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. @KamiKazeRockets - Great idea! This isn't something we have planned currently but we're always open to suggestions. Cheers! @Wong Renhao - Much thanks! The restriction would potentially apply to Canadian and International shipments only. The package has to stay under 4 lbs. Because our Beer Rox are heavier than the other sets, we can't ship out a Bartender Special that consists of all Beer Rox internationally. Any other combination of sets should be ok though. Backers can feel free to message us for other ordering options. We're happy to help! @mike rich – Another vote for Scotch Rox. Thanks Mike! @Kyrie, @paridissimo - Thanks for "kickstarting" the tally guys! @David Duncan - Thanks David! We appreciate your support! @sean rosney - Thank you for your interest! We use Rox regularly and have never had this problem. It is something we considered initially though, just not something that has actually happened. I think it's because the Rox are heavier and less prone to sliding on the glass like ice is. The 1" Rox weigh around 1.6oz each. The 1.25" Rox weigh around 4oz each. @Victor Losse - After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For more info on ordering, please see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section in the body of the campaign. Thanks so much for your support! @Christopher Meier - That would be amazing if it did! Even so, we are still confident that we can have them all shipped out before the end of March. We will keep everyone updated as the process continues. @wil - Leave set to "Ship to the US". See the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section in the body of the campaign. If you have any other questions, feel free to message me directly. Thank you for your support! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Jerad Clark - Yes, we just rinse ours off before returning them to the freezer. @Steve De George JR - Thank you Steve! @hashish - We are talking about maybe introducing some new labels. We've had requests for "Scotch Rox", "Bev-Rox" (for any other beverage), and some others. We would love to hear everyone's thoughts or ideas. @Steve De George JR - Thank you for backing our project! After the campaign has concluded, we will contact you for your order details. For more details on ordering, see the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section at the bottom of the Whiskey Rox page. You can also message me directly if you have any other questions. @Kouture Crochet - My pleasure. Thanks again! @Rami Nasra - Thank you for your support! Now you'll have a few more to add to the set! @LonerVamp - Great Question. Thank you for your interest! To add to what Stacey said, Our mission with Whiskey Rox was to create a better whiskey stone. You can see examples of stones you might currently find on the market compared to Whiskey Rox in the comparison photos located in the body of our campaign. The 7/8" promised on some products is usually barely 3/4" (or just a 2cm cut from China). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. Whiskey Rox have also been made available cheaper and, from what we've seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. (Bigger, More Efficient, More affordable, Better Craftsmanship and Uniformity). That was part of our goal when we began this project. High quality, to me, means square stones, clean cuts, consistency between stone size and finish. That's just something we haven't personally seen on the market yet. We were disappointed with what was currently out there and started a project to fix that. If you have any follow up questions, feel free to message me. @Stacey Barnes - Thank you for the help. We are working hard to prevent any type of delay. We will keep everyone posted as the process continues. Also, keep your eye out for video and picture updates of our manufacturing process. We plan to document every step, from cutting slabs to bagging Rox! Again, a big Thank You to everyone who has contributed to our campaign! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Aaron Cheah - Thank you for your support Aaron! @Jason Chen - Whiskey/Wine/Coffee Rox are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer Rox are 1.25" and come in sets of 4. Each set has a different logo. For more info, see my reply @Jenn Ong below. @Kouture Crochet - We didn't foresee it getting this complicated. Looking back, we would have done it differently. Rox are made in USA and can most definitely be used to keep tea or coffee warm. *See Coffee Rox. @Stacey Barnes - We're very excited about our progress and can't wait to ship these out to all of our amazing backers! Thanks everyone, -Zach Lengell @Jan Ferme - Thank you for the pledge Jan! For 2-4 sets, international shipping is $25 (Some Restrictions Apply). Sorry for the confusion. You can always message me if you have additional questions. I'm happy to help. Thanks again! Cheers, -Zach @Jay - Yes, correct. Looking back from now, we would have done it differently. (Too late to change it now.) Thanks for backing us! @Gonzalo Aguirre Bisi - Thank you good sir! @Jeffrey Satz - Anything is possible. If we get enough of a demand for a "Scotch Rox" label, we can have one made. Another suggestion we liked was "Bev-Rox", to be used for any other beverages. We love the feedback, thanks again guys! Chok dee! -Zach Lengell @Justin Chang - Hi, Sorry for the confusion Justin. Shipping for single sets to Canada is $10. Shipping 2-4 sets to Canada can be covered with $20. Some Restrictions Apply (We have to keep the total weight on all international shipments under 4 lbs. Beer Rox are heavier per set. So most likely we cannot ship 4 sets of Beer Rox anywhere outside the US without going way over shipping costs. Combinations are ok though.) So, 14+14+20. I hope that helps. Thank you for your support! Cheers, -Zach Lengell @Mark L - Thanks Mark, great tips for our Canadian backers! All backers can also refer to the "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section towards the bottom of the campaign. @Jenn Ong - Great Question Jenn. Thank you for your interest! Our mission with Whiskey Rox was to create a better whiskey stone. You can see examples of stones you might currently find on the market compared to Whiskey Rox in the comparison photos located in the body of our campaign. The 7/8" promised on some products is usually barely 3/4" (or just a 2cm cut from China). When working with a small cube, that is a huge difference in material. Whiskey Rox have also been made available cheaper and, from what we've seen and sampled, at a higher quality than the competition. That was part of our goal when we began this project (Bigger, More Efficient, More affordable, Better Craftsmanship and Uniformity). We were disappointed with what was currently out there... Thanks again! Salute! -Zach Lengell @Michael J Doyle - I added an "Ordering and Shipping Instructions + Ordering Multiple Sets" section to the bottom of the campaign. I hope this helps! Hey everyone, Thank you for your support and contributions. We met and passed our goal in under 24 hours! @Kunonin - The only difference is the logo that is stamped on the bag. @Kevin Rodal, @Knight & Gunner Brewing Company, and @Paul Gabrielson - Thanks guys, we appreciate it! @Michael J Doyle - That's a good question Michael. I'll write something up for out FAQ's. Check back soon and I will has a solution for you! Prost! -Zach Lengell Thank you very much TekSpree! I appreciate your support. Cheers! Hello Y. Chung, Thank you for backing our project! You are correct. Whiskey/Wine/Coffee Rox are 1" and come in sets of 8. Beer Rox are 1.25" and come in sets of 4. Each set has a different logo.