Hi Jerry, Please follow the directions posted on the latest update to receive a refund for your Kickstarter Pledge. Folks: We are still waiting on some regulatory approval to ship units already manufactured out of China. We appreciate everyone's continued patience. These will ship to US backers first, since other regulatory is approved. @Howard H. We will reiterate what we said a few times on here... We have WigWag Relays (beta versions) which are just as good as the Foxconn ones. If you want one and don't want to wait for the production run to arrive, then email support [at] wigwag.com and we will send you one. We can only ship to the US, and we need your shipping address. No Sensor Blocks have shipped. They are not in production yet, only Relays. @David - The Relays we have here (at our office) will not be able to shipped international. Sorry. I hate to sound like this, but honestly we are so utterly frustrated and unimpressed with the team we have been stuck with, we are not sure what to predict anymore. I suspect 30-60 days. It's like working with children. I wish we could go into the details of this whole fiasco, our relationship / investment with them, etc. But we can't. At least not now. That being said - we have about 50 Relays here still, and if you are in the US, we are happy to ship. Folks - we are waiting on a shipment from our manufacturer for the majority of WigWag Relays for all backers. Unfortunately, our manufacture has made an error, and will need to fix something on the primary circuit board before we get these delivered. That being said... We still have plenty of WigWag Relays - betas - available. We are happy to ship these to anyone in the *US* (country restriction due to the certifications on these). Email <email> if you want one of these. We aren't going to ship these to _all_ backers, because we don't have enough! @Michael Have you emailed support yet??? I say again: we will ship you a Relay now! @Gene Insulting and attacking other members of talk.wigwag.com is not tolerated and violates our terms of service for the forum. Also, to reiterate what we have already said many times in the forum and here on this comment feed, we plan to ship to Australian backers. However, the shipments will happen after the US shipments. We will allow you to post on the forum in the next few days. Nope @Funkyp, please disregard the mis-information out there. We will ship to all backers. However, we are shipping to US backers first since that product is ready to go. Anyone attempting to pair Sylvania / Osram Lightify bulbs, please see this tech note: <url>"WigWag" it comes up on the top of the search under our business listing. You (as well as any other backer who wishes to do so) are welcome to come by to visit our office to meet some of our team and see our devices in person. Please PM us if you wish to do so. I will also PM you later to explain what the current blocker is from shipping your first shipment of your reward and what to do to receive it when we ship out the next batch to US based backers. It is different for different regions of the world. The current priorities are CE and C-Tick. Andrew Drummond, not meant to be a "big tease". Many of the backers that were sent that email and responded have already been shipped to. We will work on getting yours out the door (if it isn't already) very soon. @Tristan, Thank you for pointing this out to us. You should not be able to buy any WigWag Devices on Amazon and ship them to the UK at this time. Also the Relay is not CE certified and we are working on our certification. Currently, every USA based backer who filled out the survey should have received a confirmation email to receive their Relay as a split shipment. If you are based in the US and have not received an email I encourage you to email us at <email> @Dovetail For your questions #'s 2 &3 please go to this KS Update as it contains a shipping schedule: <url>#1: From the exact post the link went to "We are going to split shipments for the February batch as it is very logical to do so. Since the next 50 Relays to ship out will not include other KS rewards it is only natural we will provide a split shipment. Later on, when we start shipping Sensors (April/May) it makes sense that we ship to early backers who pledged for Sensors over splitting shipments to a backer who pledged for Glowlines without Sensors. I hope this helps clear up this topic." This is a comment feed and as such offers little utility beyond a real time discussion of whatever topic comes up. It also has no ability to be searched past the first 15-20 comments making it a horrible tool for FAQ. For anything that is a personal question regarding your reward please email <email> For anything you believe should be part of our FAQ please either visit wigwag.com or talk.wigwag.com. @Andrew <url>—and we will start posting mini updates here in order to ensure everyone stays up to date on what’s going on at WigWag. As we announced on Talk, WigWag is currently in Full Beta, and you can find out more about what this means by visiting the thread on our forum here: <url>— We just want to remind you that we publish updates over on our forum, talk.wigwag.com. Back in March, we announced this change in order to make it easier to post brief, intermediate updates on WigWag’s progress as well as better engage with the WigWag community as we grow as a company (KS backers also get a special badge on the forum!). Since these mini updates tend to build toward the full KS updates, being active on the forum actually gives you the opportunity to get these updates faster. It sounds like a lot of you may still be missing part of the action! We want to keep everyone up to speed, so come on over to WigWag Talk! In addition to the 47 full updates on Kickstarter, we have posted 110 times on WigWag Talk just since January (We promise! We just counted.), and there have been 15 mini-updates, including pictures and videos of hardware and software in action! We will keep the ball moving over there and also do our best to continue to post reminders that we are communicating over at talk.wigwag.com. Come join the fun! Hey everyone! This past Friday, we posted an update on WigWag Talk about the Relay support. You can view the update here (and keep your eyes out for new updates on the forum this week): <url>"Please refer to Updates 38 and 39" @Louis Carson @Saxnix: Will answer as much as I can in comments section of Update 39. @Vijay Bah: Please so Updates 38 and 39. @John Kauffman: @Bob is correct on our reasoning for the reason for $20 time limit. @Bob Cunningham: The bulbs will return to its previous state and when it comes back online will check in to make sure it hasn't had any new commands while it was napping. Another New Update! UPDATE Just posted @saxnix Thank you and Yes. @Bob Cunningham Thanks for the feedback and suggestions, not in the bathroom, right now....please insert something else funny here ____________________. @Bob Cunningham: Thank you for the comments, I'm going to send along the feedback to the team that needs to get devicejs (which is progressing very well) and the devblog back in action. Unfortunately, those are the same programmers and engineers who we need programming and working away the most. We will try to post something soon on the Relay and Sensor block. BTW, I want to play with WigWag in my home as much as you, no only will we (you and I) be doing that this decade, but this year as well. @Phillip Scott: Kickstarter only allows us to post one survey per pledge level. If we leave out a question, we can not modify it or post another survey. We will send a survey out much closer to the shipping of the relay with this information. The 4x extension has simultaneously been in development along with all other products. We will update on all the products before we send out that survey. @Grant: Many of the features of the relay pro didn't exist pre KS funding and were requested on our forums, on KS comments and emailed to us directly. @Eric Harrison: Both the relay and relay pro are spec'd better than the original relay. We did drop one external USB port and added the functionality of 3 more internally. So instead of 3 you have the power of 5. @Charles: this is true and still is true, we also have some team members in Northern California. Chris and Khalil, we've requested photo and film footage of our tooling being cut from the facility early this week. We'll post it up once we get it. Thanks for your patience! Hi all we just issued the update! We tried to get it up on Friday but no luck. We did get insert more information about final progress on our core database. All back up. Thanks! -WigWag All: We still plan to ship... we should have more information on a firm specific delivery date soon. Also, our web site is temporarily down due to a glitch with our service provider. Backer update just posted... w/ video. Another video with the rule builder is coming. Also - we are actively seeking beta tester/developer folks for deviceJS. Send an email to support [at] wigwag.com if you want to participate! All: Yes, we will be posting a video soon with a demo of latest rule builder and some of the phone App. The WigWag team has grown slightly - and we have another key developer with us as full-time now, which will speed things up. We know some of you are very frustrated - we get that - and its pretty much a 24-7 op here as we work to deliver products. Also - anyone in the Austin area is welcome to stop by and see stuff in action as development continues. All: posted an update regarding the Relay and 6BSMD progress. @Eric Unfortunately due to a lot of laws & regulations we can not publicly comment on any ongoing work in this area. @Bob Appreciate your thoughtful comments. For all: Bear in mind that part production is still done by high quality, well established manufacturers (we don't *make* our own PCBs, plastics, etc). We have had a number of requests and comments in regards to this, so want to open this up to technical member so of the backer group: If you are proficient on the Linux command line, can write node.js code, and want to assist / contribute specific device support - send us a direct message here on KS. We are providing pre-release access to the source on a case-by-case basis. However, we do not currently have the resources available to support the entire community yet. Thanks @saxnix - we saw the update and have been in contact with them for sometime. We also plan to provide AllJoyn support - also checkout the MUSAIC music appliance on KS now - which uses AllJoyn for integration: <url>#74307. The founders would love to sit down with any backer and discuss progress. @Anders. We are working hard to prefect our devices and provide you with the best possible product. As of this time we are assuming a late February ship date. Thanks for supporting WigWag and thank you for our patience. --WigWag Support. @Anthony It's definitely a priority and we will support soon after ship date. Someone from our team will also reach out to Honeywell while at CES. Thank you for bringing this up. @Cliff @Terry .. XBee: The XBee is just an IEE 802.15.4 radio module. There are very similar products available from Murata and CEL - and most of them use Ember chipsets. Besides the antennas and pinouts, they are very similar. If you are trying to create something speaking directly to WigWag we would recommend you use one of our development boards since it will also get the scan+add and security features. @Cliff et. all - While we are expending all of our efforts building the first devices, during a moment on the couch or before we pass out, we are researching these other RF devices: We created a new thread here on Talk WigWag about this <url>~900Mhz range. Stay tuned... Just a note ... We are already in contact with Nodal Australia! - more to come... @Christina Note - we have reached out to Nodal Australia concerning the lack of a U2413 equivalent. We would recommend waiting on an answer before planning a purchase. You can assist by also sending an email to sales [at] nodal.com.au requesting a response to WigWag. @Christina Yes, WigWag will need the Insteon gateway - aka. USB Powerline Modem. In the US market this is 2413U. It will be USB into the Relay. Insteon is dual band - meaning it uses both power line and wireless to talk to Insteon devices. @Familia LimitlessLED is a go for compatibility. @Eric We are working on it... I know we keep saying this - but it's a pretty complex task. If you want something similar to X10 (in terms of product line, and having power line based comm) then I would go with Insteon - which we will support. All: Expect an update in the next day or two. We are working on bringing the final survey online, a forum engine, and our corp blog (which has a good article of WiFi bulbs already) @Greg Our plan is to do at least a weekly update. We also don't want to annoy backers (we have had complaints already) - so there is a balance here. Also, we will be posting updates on our corporate blog and in the comments here. Also, expect us to have an update survey & an pre-order add-on form (backer only) up soon. @William We will definitely look into them... very cool they are running Contiki / 6loWPAN. It would be ~relatively~ low hanging fruit to add support if they are truly 6loWPAN compliant. Right now we have to prioritize interop / DeviceJS development based on demand and needs from all backers. @Greg We are working on a list like this. It's happening... there is a revamp of the wigwag.com web site going on which will have deeper information like this. @Mark Thanks for the comments, appreciate it! @Greg They are generally the same strips, but run by us what you get to just make sure. @Nick 1) 6loWPAN (which rides on 802.15.4 - has nothing to do with WiFi) 2) Vulnerabilities: Like most projects, if we know about them - we fix them before revealing them ;) We did a large comment on security related info in early Aug (you can't miss it - it's huge), and we will do a blog post or update on this in the future as well. 3) Potentially. We are using 6loWPAN protocol, which other devices use: <url># @Greg ok, I see... Yes, the second link should work. That's a 12V RGB 4-conductor strip. Same as the Glowline. That would do it. You will need to solder pins to plug into that, or use a new strip. @Greg You should just be able to bend the light strips at 90 degrees... That connector would not work - You need 4 conductors to start with... Maybe we don't understand the application exactly. @Clint Yes, we are working on this list... It will be a living document when it's produced, updated with new devices over time. Also, Backers *will* be able to buy the dongles at the current KS pricing as per our communication, if you discover you need these. To be clear, the bulbs in the demo video were mostly Philips Hue bulbs, but we will be working with many others. Contact us direct (contact me) if you would like to discuss your setup. To our backers from all over the world: THANK YOU!!!! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU! We will now be working crazy hard over the next 3 months - it's just begun for us and we look forward to the continued participation and feedback from all of you! Sincerely, The WigWag Team! @Mark The DevKit includes three boards. Each of these boards includes a detachable wireless module (so 3 wireless modules). To program that module - you use the Experimenter board, which can also be used to develop a device. This means the DevKit comes with 3 boards (and 3 unique ID QR/NFC tags, + a Sensor Block, and Relay) Glowlines: We will offer Glowline controllers without a strip at some point in the future. @Lou Going beyond 5m is possible, but the issue has to do with the amount of eat on the wire, which means the wire must be bigger to comply with UL standards. DC is a poor choice at long distance, where it would be better to use AC. AC strips are something we are looking at further out. The trick, is doing AC multicolor, strips. This is a part we have not found yet - and it would require a very different Glowline controller. @Grant Not quite... We will try to support third party dongles later, but for now it will be our own. @Chris Thanks - great day, appreciate it! We are doing our best to meet all target dates. @Wabice You can also cut the other strips (Waterproof and Splashproof). However - you will need to reseal with some silicone. We would not recommend submerging this end - obviously. @J. Davis - Of course, we will run a survey a little closer shipment to understand the colors people need. We will definitely have the color's mentioned - possibly others. Also - we want the plastic on the enclosure sensor to be 'paintable' - so you can blend it in to a door. @Lars 1) Good points... but the other way to do this is to only be able to hand over encrypted data without a key. This is - for instance - the way Backblaze's encryption option works for cloud backup. 2a) We could - but after you scan the code on the device, it's committed to your account. You could share the code to the world - but since it's already provisioned to your account, it won't allow others to gain control. 2b) No. Just seeing the QR code / grabbing NFC won't do that. 2c) They won't be able to do anything as long as it's already provisioned to your account. 2d) Nope... The QR code does not have an encryption key in it - only a reference to it. If they get *physical* access to the chip in a WigWag device - they will get one side of the key... but will not have access to anything other than that device. Happy to talk about it more... @Thomas A variety of backers are interested in the ~433Mhz ISM range. We will not have this at ship date, but are interested in it going forward. @Grant, We get it now. Yes, the Controller will be upgraded on the outdoor model. We are still investigating how water tight we can make it. The power supply is upgraded on all outdoor models (to a weatherproof power supply) and we are still investigating how to connect the power to the Glowline in a weatherproof fashion. One thing is for certain, Like all electricity outside, you will want to prevent these things from sitting a in pool of water! Thanks! WigWag @killerbunny - No problem. After the campaign closes a survey will go out confirming choices such as this. As long as your pledge amount is correct (it is) you are fine. The last update has information on pledges and add-ons: <url>"contact" part off, and wire Left and Right wires to the circuit your trying to check if its open/closed. There are obviously some voltage limits on this... 2) We will try to make it as waterproof as possible, but it is not designed to be continuously submerged. How does a a "Sump Pit" work? @Matthew We would like to work with them, and will reach out. Right now we are concentrating one the currently committed devices / protocols. As long as they are willing to explain their BT protocol it should be possible. @Nigel Splashproof can handle rain - but should not be submerged. Waterproof means submersion is possible. @Paul ...will get back to you on this one. @arckal In terms of wireless & battery on the Sensor Block versus Enclosure Sensor... It would depend on the amount of sensors being used on the block. The Sensor Block has twice the battery, but also more sensors with bigger power requirements. They both have identical wireless capabilities. @arckal Just saying it depends on what you need to do. If you *just* want to detect the door - then you can use the Enclosure Sensor. If you use the Sensor block - you should be able to control it, and it should know the state of the door based on whether it has opened it. You could also use the wired contact closure, plugged into the Sensor Block, to provide feedback on the door (depending on your door). Just giving you different options... Yes, you should able to accomplish this using one or the other. @arckal The Sensor Block case will have a hangar hole - which will allow you to hang or screw down the block using a wood screw or anchor. ...If purely looking for a garage door sensor - then you probably want the enclosure sensor. The accelerometer will tell you exactly what's going on with the door (if mounted on door). However, bear in mind the Sensor Block has an electronic relay switch to control a garage door. @Tyler - No sir... but your probably just figured that out. @David @Lomard As above, we talk to Hue using the Hue hub, however - we also plan to support later through ZigBee Link Light. To be clear, today support is through the hub - which comes with the 3 bulb kit. So you don't need anything extra from WigWag other than a WigWag Relay. @arckal Yes - the trip wire is setup using two sensor blocks. It essentially uses IR light with the other block receiving IR light, and detecting if it is blocked. There also are sensitivity settings to tweak this. @Nigel - et. all. a) b) We are looking at making the Glowline controller weatherproof (but not submersible). Think rain proof. On power supply: only the larger power supply that comes with the 5m model is weatherproof. We can't speak to low temperatures right now. c) About 30 cm d) It can be increased if you want to wire it yourself. e) The power adapter uses a barrel connector similar to a laptop power supply. The connector to the strip from the Glowline controller is a custom connector (not a well known connector) - 4 conductor - water tight connection. @William Yes. Note this only applies to the Sensor Block and Enclosure Sensor. Confirmed: Z-Wave dongles will be $50. @Chad - as per @Di Vito we will have a dongle to support Z-Wave as well - and are very familiar with Aeon Labs gear... let's put it like this: there should be no compatibility issue there. @Familia - we have not fully implemented it yet - but we have researched it and played with it some. It should work. We actually have a blog post going up right after KS ends explaining some difference with Hue, LIFX and LimitlessLED. @Richard ..by the numbers: 1) Belkin Wemo, LIFX, Hue (with their hub that comes with the kit) all native support. X10 via various X10 gateways (CM15A, CM19A, others) 2) If the underside of this table does not a have lip, or something that will block the motion sensor dome, then it should work. Let's put it this way - if you can see the dome from where you want to detect motion - it's likely it's going to detect motion. You can adjust sensitivity on the sensor to assist with this. 3) We are working on national weather service integration, which would be the best place to pull this from (sunset, sunrise). At ship date, however, it's likely you will need to use ambient light. 4) Yes - absolutely. But you will need to likely write a little Javascript (which you can do via the cloud, no compiling, tools to install - none of that). @Nigel Today the prototype is about 90mm square and about 25mm in height (bumpers included, +4mm with motion sensor dome). This is a prototype - and the production plastic might increase size a bit. Or we may be able to get it a bit smaller. Consider current dimensions as rough estimates. @Grant Yes it can. All: you can use the Enclosure Sensor without the magnet. This would mean using the 6-axis accelerometer, or wired contact closures - with out the internal contact closure. @SpekArt We have some commands for the Glowline beyond just color/on/off. One is flashing... Another is the ability to setup a custom transition (time/speed). We will see what other tricks we can get in there. Thanks for getting us past 340k! @grant, Slightly confused. Do you mean the Enclosure? All products require communication to the Relay. But each product can work independently, only requiring communication back to the relay. So the Sensor block can both "Sense" and "Control." The way you could wire up the the sensor block to shut a garage door, is a rule like this: "When" Open (for >5 mins) "then" shut door. (I wrote this in shorthand, the actual rule would be longer.) This would use the wired contact closure sensor to check if the garage door is open, and the control-relay built in to the sensor block to close the door. @Stephane, yes. @All, please remain respectful to KS rules: no more than 10 of any single item. Nigel, 1. Yes 360 degrees, vertical space above. 2. It depends on the sensitivity levels you give it. We are seeing from a few feet, to about 20-30 feet on ultra sensitive mode. 3. Yes! The glowline can drive vicinity as well. 4. Yes, we will build rules based on received IR codes that were learned. I don't know if it was Havard or someone else's idea, but that was a good one that we hadn't considered! Thanks to you and all our Backers WigWag @bob, Don't give the Rocky Picture horror story people any ideas! ha @Terrry, We are still figuring out our post sales strategy... pricing is going to go up once we get to full transactions and a store. We can assure you of that. However, we are not sure on what we will do between KS and a full store. We know we will do pre-orders; however, we are not sure on how much we will increase the pricing for pre-orders. @All we have a developer kit ad-on level for $130 that gets you the Arduino,Experimenter,PI shields with 3 6bee's for $130. We are diligently working on a checkout calculator to help everyone adjust their bids. We are not worried about the Kickstarter fees! The KS process has been great and without these guys, we would never have found all of you! Our first WigWag customers will always be near and dear to WigWag! Go ahead and increase your pledges to get the parts you need! It will 1) help us keep things organized and 2) there is pride thing for us to cross $350... Thank you all! WigWag @Harvard It is capable of reading IR as well! And will be able to learn from remotes. @samoan_jo We have a large number of European backers - and are currently exploring a fulfillment partner to assist with shipping. Pebble's issues resulted from lack of a correct CE sticker and certificate which completely matched the product name, missing paper work, misleading invoice list to customs, and no German instruction manual (at least from what we have gathered). We plan to have all these things. @Machine7 No problem. Just stay in touch with us! Anyone in a similar situation: you may click "Contact Me" (below our icon on right) to clear this up. Before ship date a final form will be sent to all to verify current shipping address. @Rohan We are supporting Lockitron. We also want to support Z-Wave and ZigBee locks on the market (Schlage and others). Regarding August - they committed to an open API which means support should be there - it's on our list. Goji is a bit more murky - they had an API 'stretch goal' which was not met. @Aaron The Relay will support USB hubs (fully compliant USB 2.0). It also has 3x USB ports built in. SmartThings hub control would be through their cloud service, which we do plan to support - although after ship date. @Aaron @Matthew Correct. There may be some premium services in the future, but everything shown in the KS copy will be free for backers even if more Relays are added later - as long as its the same account. @CK We plan to support webcams in the future, but they will not be supported by ship date. However (as we always point out) you can write your own Javascript to do it if you want! ...And - contribute it back if you like. @scott u ...As per @Di Vito, we are only selling the Glowline with a LED strip. The wiring diagram will be made available, and typically its going to work with most 5050 RGB LED strips. @Lombard Yes, a survey will be sent out to confirm items. There will be two parts to this - before the KS closes, there will be a calculator sent out to help you confirm your pledge amount. After close a survey will be sent out to confirm item choices. The calculator should be out tonight in an update. You can also clarify anything with us by clicking "Contact me" on the right under the WigWag icon. @Simon For Australia's ISM bands, we don't have any recommended switches yet. We will support Australia for both Z-Wave and ZigBee, with specific dongles good for that region's bands. Also, Insteon is now supporting Australia, which will broaden your choices: <url>"appears" to be one of these companies withouth API's or gateways! Can anyone find any info on either method for WigWag to control them? @Di Vito and Tyler, we are working a webpage calculator to sum up all the add ons. More to follow. @Django: Gateway is needed with Insteon. We need a way to get our messages onto their network, which is proprietary. Fortunately they do offer a gateway. @Elvio: Update is coming. Sorry for the delay. @Heinz: No the dimensions are not set. What are your dimensions? (I think the update will help your decision ;) @Heniz: No we didn't push our special tricks out because our research took longer than expected. They will be announced with the Update coming shortly! @Heinz: you must have their Wifi gateway. The Limitless LED protocol between the gateway is closed source and therefor our only option is to use their gateway. (Thank goodness they have a gateway! some companies don't and thus there is no way to integrate WigWag! ugh!) All, Make sure you push on the companies that don't offer open standards, published API's and especially on the companies that don't offer gateways! Is ridiculous that this day in age, that it is not possible for one set of electronics to talk to another! WigWag will do what we can to open the doors to all products, but some vendors actually take measures to prevent interoperability! @Tyler @Grant Correct, the USB ports are so you can expand with different protocols, ZigBee, Z-Wave, Bluetooth LE, and also gateways for X-10 and Insteon. All: The Sensor Block does have the ability to know when the power is off, if you are using the power adapter for the Block. Bear in mind - as per comments - you would need to ensure the Relay had power as well, and that it could communicate to the Internet (if you wanted SMS, Twitter, e-mail, etc.). The Block's do have an LED light - which could provide (very minimal) light - and you could set a rule to turn this on - but, again, the Relay would still need to be up. @Heinz 1) It sounds like the same wiring as the Glowline. Is it a 5050 LED strip? Probably - we will publish the wiring output of the Glowline controller. 2) We are not... Our cost is structured to include both. However, you could just get the basic 2.5m strip package. (no upgrades) @Tyler, The cloud service will be a fermium model for non Kickstarter purchases. We have not yet determined what we will charge for the premium levels (or what a premium level will be.) Whats important though, is all Realys purchased through this KickStarter campaign will *always* be eligible for all levels of the cloud service for free. @Scott: Don't forget the the "Enclosure at $40". We are working on a claculator to help those with the pledges. @Grant: Agree. We have some cleaver backers indeed. We are just as excited to create as we are to see what gets created! Thanks WigWag @Cliff There is a Glowline upgrade list here: <url>"Control" where you see graphics of on/off and dimmer control. 2) Yes, we should be able to support Z-Wave in Australia. You will just get the Z-Wave Australian dongle, versus the N America one. This is part of the reason we chose a design which uses USB dongles. @Tyler, Thank you for backing us! Just direct messaged you @Bob, all good points, concerns and tradeoffs. Another goal, or objective that we didn't highlight is that we want the WigWag platform to allow its users to optionally select their level of security because of these tradeoffs. Clearly the most secure thing you could do is not connect your home to the internet, not own computers, and not write anything down. But where is the fun in that? Other IOT platforms out there are simply ALL OR NOTHING with their balance between features and security. @WigWag we will offer tiered levels allowing end users to select between the feature tradeoffs and ultimate security. Thanks for backing us! @All, we are working on an update at 300K to describe a new feature of the enclosure and describe our 350K software stretch goal. We agree with @Familla, at this point we don't have any other prototype hardware that we would be comfortable adding to the campaign, and do not want to add additional stress onto our ship date. Security & Privacy: WigWag is dedicated to becoming one of the most secure platforms for automation and the Internet of Things (IOT). Our concern about security drove our choices in data architecture and hardware. In more detail: Our security objectives are: First, WigWag is only going to store what you allow WigWag to store - we will not store information without your permission. The cloud services will also provide a high level of granularity in terms of tweaking what is stored / not stored. Secondly, WigWag will not share information with others without your explicit permission. Third, WigWag will be transparent. This is critical - and is a major problem with lots going on in cloud services today. This means we will always be very clear about what we are doing with your data. Fourth, WigWag will ultimately give an option of encrypting all data stored in the cloud, only de-cryptable by a private key sitting on the Relay in your home. For data in the cloud to be truly protected from a warrant without your explicit permission would require at-rest encryption + a system where the user's private keys were physically held by their WigWag Relay. This means the data would *always* be encrypted while at WigWag, and would only be decrypted while in the Home. This is possible - but will not be available at ship date. It is possible because the Relay has enough storage and CPU to do this kind of work - and it's possible because we built our event driven database with this capability in mind. It would, however, preclude WigWag from providing certain kinds of services to the user. Regarding Warrants, etc and encryption at rest: If your data is on a cloud service - whether it is WigWag, your cloud email, your bank accounts, your cloud 'drive', your IM history, etc, it is accessible via a warrant - at least in the US. Even a lock box in a bank would be accessible… And your physical home would be accessible via a warrant. This is why encrypting data to the point that it is useless to those that don't hold the key, is WigWag's ultimate goal. We have discussed this with Bob - and we know he is interested in having an open discussion on these issues - as are we. Since our service is being built now it's a great opportunity for us to find features / capabilities to put in to provide the level of security people expect. We also plan on providing an option (after ship date) to allow people to 100% ditch the cloud. Again, doing this would preclude us from providing certain services. Ultimately, this security as described is where we want to end up. Everything is in design and our goal is to have certain features implemented by the time we ship. An official privacy policy document will be available when our cloud services go into Beta. Also: The transfer of data back and forth between WigWag uses HTTPS and the same encryption as when talking to your bank. Our wireless communication uses AES-128 keys, approved by NSA for SECRET communication. So we would not consider this 'toy' security. @Ryan We built the strip lighting on the stairs using a single LED strip, which is what we would suggest you do. You can add a 2.5m extension to the strip if needed. We wrapped the strip around the back of each step. If you need to block light at a certain portion a great way to do this is to use black heat shrink tubing, and cover a portion. The strip can be cut, however, at intervals along the strip, for a custom length. @B. Di Vito - We need to make sure we stay with in KS guidelines. Check your inbox: we have sent you a direct message with a way to do this based on your current backing level. @Greg The phone apps will be able to know if they are on the same network as the Relay at ship date, but geo-location will be a little later. Geo-location: It will happen for sure, but will probably happen post first release of App. @Amit Any rule you can build you can also create / alter / trigger via the API. So - it will be available via API also (but location information would come from the app writer, obviously) @Jacob Look for a direct message in your Inbox from us. If you are a large Insteon user your feedback will really be appreciated. @AS - Well, it depends on how small they are and where the motion detect is placed. If a dog or cat walks directly in front of the motion detector sitting on the ground, it would work well. If the animal is very distant... not as well. We also support a 'sensitivity' setting in the "When" panel for Motion. This will let you tweak this some. @Greg - We just answered there... It's a great question which deserves an entire update later. In short - this is the entire reason we made the system so easy to extend and program, and why it can be done entirely in the cloud. @Jacob - Insteon support is committed. However, we are still exploring which gateway devices we will officially support. We can't guarantee support for all gateway devices. In terms of the KeypadLincs - we don't know about it yet. We will have to check the API once we decide on the officially supported devices. @Tyler - The IR blaster on the Sensor Block can do IR learning. So, yes! @Familia - Z-Wave, ZigBee and Bluetooth dongles are each $50. We will update the price list on the main ad copy. We will also support BYOD (bring your own dongle) as long as the chipset is the same. Specs to be provided soon. @johnMW - We just added a list of all add-ons to the main KS page. It also includes links to each update. Hope this helps! @James We need to stick to the kits and add-ons we currently have. Click "Contact Me" at right, and we can work through a pledge using existing kits. @Earl Interesting... that's a clamp meter with an 3.5mm jack on it. Cool - we are looking at it now. May need an adapter to plug into Sensor Block. @Marcus We are working on it! @Joanne Thanks!! We really appreciate the support... As DeviceJS gets a little closer to Github release we will reach out to you all. Thanks for spreading the word and backing! @Amit Most developers will never need to worry about a toolchain, because they will write everything in Javascript on our cloud API. If you want to use your favorite editor you can - and then you can just paste it in. If you don't want the cloud - then you would just copy it onto the filesystem on the Relay. For deeper development, as in customizing code on the Sensor Block, Arduino Shield, etc: All tool chains are open source. The WigWag wireless module is an ARM microcontroller and uses a GCC toolchain. Per iPhone question - let me check with our lead mobile dev tomorrow. @Indy We are researching the API... Probably, but will be after ship date. Correction: 1) ..The firmware on the Sensor Block... @Amit 1) The firmware on the Sensor Blog - yes. The App no, but the API the App uses will be open. 2) You can... and, for people who want use the Analog In/Out with some custom device (Arduino project or otherwise) - in some cases they may need to modify the firmware. 3) Yes there is. All of the software for discovering devices is on the Relay, and is DeviceJS. So this software will be open-sourced. There are various protocols used - depending on device type. DeviceJS will be on github around ship date. Thanks for your support! @Greg Also - so this is all clear... That's the reason every WigWag Sensor Block as a QR code/NFC tag. It's for security when you on-board the device. This is why you must scan it. @Golly 1) Yes, the production Block should be able to do this. We are adding this capability with an extra circuit on the Block. 2) A "When" for 'absent' or 'not in communication' - Yes, we will have a such "When" option. 3) We will need to get these stats to you later... Be aware, the Block is not hardened or weather proof. 4) WigWag wants to produce a weather proof Block, but it won't happen during this campaign. In the mean time we will let you know if we come up with any slick solutions. @Greg That's an interesting article. We will do a blog post or update on security in the future. For now, briefly: The article is all about a firm who was able to gain access to someone's WiFi network... Everything else was enabled by this. 1) We don't use WiFi at all. 2) The Relay is connected to your local network. If you want SSH access to it (and yes, we will provide it for power users) you will need physical access to the Relay to enable shell access (the Vera is apparently wide open with no password ?#!). 3) The Relay to cloud connection is HTTPS. This is the same as a connection to your bank. Our suggestion to anyone with a home network is to use WPA2, and use a long password. If this was the case Crowley could not have gotten into the network. A nine character password not using a dictionary word could take up to 15 years to crack. <url>"Is an Internet connection required for WigWag to work?" @Mark - We can't make a commitment to the way our business model will always work. What we can say is there will never be a cloud service cost for products bought through this KS campaign. @Shawambam I think they would, but you could also double up the strip - i.e. wrap it around so that two lengths of the strip were shining down, not just one. @Grant - That was simply a plugin which went into the Sensor Block's analog input (See update 2). We will do an updated add-on list in the ad soon. 200k Goal Reached!!! Thank you backers for your continued support! An update is on it's way... Almost there!!! @Eric 1) It's something that we (and DeviceJS) could certainly support, since its essentially a USB interface and they have friendly API license. However, we can't commit to supporting this by ship date. (but bear in mind DeviceJS is open-source :) 2) Open. As in "here is how you shell in" And "here is how you play..." And "here is tool chain to compile your own stuff." 3) Yes we will. It's actually a big piece of what our cloud service does. Anything that is in DeviceJS can get auto-logged. More to come on this and pay attention to the devicejs.org site over the next few months. 4) We need to stick to KS guidelines. Send us a note (click "Contact Me") and we will see how we can work it out. @Familia 1) Correct 2) Correct, they do not use WiFi - they use 6loWPAN Yes, the other blocks will be able to create hops for communication to the distant Block. Bear in mind however there is latency in involved in each hop. Another way to do this is to place another Relay closer to the area... if your WiFI extender is a device which has Ethernet jacks on it - you could plug the Relay into this. @Mark et al. Yes, all WigWag Devices are 6loWPAN and they should able to increase distance with mesh networking. @Saul 1) Yes, one of the many "When" triggers is time of day. You can also disable/enable rules based on time. 2) The stairs lights were done by using a single strip and placing it under the step lip. Between stairs we used black shrink wrap tubing to not show light. We will post a howto at some point documenting the whole process. 3) You would need a ZigBee / Insteon fan controller. A fan controller is something we will look into supporting after ship date. @Phillip - Possibly in the future... In the mean time you could use multiple Sensor Blocks to accomplish this. @Don - We answered your direct message. For reference to others: You can expect similar distance to WiFi since they are in the same spectrum. You may get a little bit better results due to the simpler modulation and amp. All: yes, you can run more than 2 Relays. In fact your account can run many Relays, and they can span different geographic locations. We will add this to the FAQ. @Mark We will work it out. Look for a direct message form us. @Amanda Understand your issue, and yes, we do need to comply with the KS guidelines... We are going to send a direct message. typo: @O.D. Right now communication with Hue and Hue gen2 Living color lamps will be through the Hue hub. We are interested in using ZigBee Light Link directly and are looking into it. @O.D. Right now communication with Hue and Hue gen2 Living color lamps will be through the Hub hub. We are interested in using ZigBee Light Link directly and are looking into it. @Matthew Cool! Great use case. Basically you would build a rule when the tag was 'gone' @James 1) Yes, the Presence Tag will have NFC! (like all WigWag devices) 2) We have not specified which adapters and are researching this now. @Kelly The 2.4Ghz spectrum area is used by other protocols such as ZigBee (which also uses IEEE 802.15.4 which 6loWPAN uses) and Bluetooth LE - So we are certainly not alone. Most people already have the devices running in the 2.4Ghz spectrum area besides WiFi in their home. There are over 14 channels available in WiFi (in most countries). This means devices do not operate on the *exact* same frequency - they select a channel. Like WiFi - 6loWPAN can use a variety of channels. Interference issues are usually caused by antenna being *very* close to each other, which is part of the reason the Relay does not use WiFi - but uses ethernet instead. We've done our best to make sure that interference will be minimal - and it's a top priority in our testing. Here in our office we can see 16 other WiFi networks, have multiple 6loWPAN networks running and everything runs fine. In short - yes, we've considered it - a lot :) @Greg Yes, absolutely. @Jonathan WigWag sensors and devices work off 6loWPAN riding on IEEE 802.15.4. They operate in 2.4Ghz spectrum but are not WiFi devices - so they have nothing to do with WPA. Our devices do support encryption, and we also use public key cryptography to deter impersonation and other attacks. The sensors are dependent on communication to/from the Relay for executing any Rule. To create more redundant environments you can use multiple sensors in different locations and combine their data using a variety of functions (the sensor fusion concepts discussed). For instance, two motion sensors, in two different locations, pointing to the same area - would create a redundant motion field in case one sensor became unavailable. @Greg - Yes, that is a great suggestion and we are already working on it. It will be at wigwag.com when ready and it will include basically that information. Also, we are working on a survey to better understand everyone's needs. @Carlisle Thanks for backing! We will send a survey out to each backer before the end of campaign which will allow you to choose Sensor Block / Glowline. In the mean time - feel free to click "Contact Me" if you have any specific question about your rewards. @Felix @Mark We are looking into both of these things right now... just FYI. @David We are happy to help. We will contact you directly... Just check your messages on KS. @Hamish Are you with LimitlessLED? Great! - we will able to control and support your lights. Actually the Relay's costs are well above $25, and are not anything at all similar to the hub you all use. @Daniel Everyone has access to DeviceJS via the WigWag Cloud, or by shelling into your WigWag Relay. The developer kit will allow you to connect Arduino projects to WigWag/DeviceJS, use a Raspberry Pi as a WigWag Relay or device, or create new WigWag devices with embedded programming. i.e. You can chose any kit you like. @David - Thanks, we are happy things picked up more! 1) Yes 2) Yes, absolutely. Rules can span multiple Relays (wherever they are located) - as long as it is in the same account! Obviously each Relay needs Internet connectivity back to WigWag Cloud. @Peter Direct message us with the fan control brand information... Click "contact me" on right side. Thanks. Working on update!... @Peter ...How does that remote work? Is it IR? @Joel That should be very doable in DeviceJS - will look into it. @Weasy: The relay is an integral part of WigWag. The Relay does much more than simply connect the sensor block to the cloud. The Relay runs deviceJS. DeviceJS is a JavaScript based development platform for reacting to sensors and controlling devices. (see deviceJS.org for more info). Because of this, Rules execute on each Relay, which tells the sensors and control devices what and when to do things. An added benefit, if your network is down, rules still can execute on location. Hope this helps and explains things a bit more! WigWag @Phillip Good ideas. There is a digital and analog port on the Sensor Block. Our OS is based on Conitki and thus anyone can extend our sensor block to add things to it such as the dallas 1-wire. If this is something of interest, look into getting the Dev Kit!. Thanks, WigWag @Matthew, good list! the only thing off here is the Moisture sensor at $15. (not 10) Also, be aware of KS rules: No more than 10 of a single item. For anyone who is wondering how to add these item on, just increase your "pledge" level. See update #2 for a graphical explanation. Thanks, and have fun! WigWag @Adrian Sonos Zoneplayer systems have an API we can work with - so in the future, yes. However, we can't commit to having full support at ship date. Working on it right now... waiting on some 3D models. @Matthew, Thanks for the bump!! Update on its way soon!... @David, So are we! :) @David We saw it this morning also! Yes, we would like to work with ifttt.com and will reach out to them. Unfortunately, from a developers view point, ifttt.com is a closed system - so they will need to add in support for us themselves. @Chris It's a cool product - and slicker looking than StickNFind which is already in stores and very similar. They use Bluetooth LE. We will look into the value we could create here. We don't use Bluetooth LE on the presence tag due to consistent range issues. @Mete We should be able to work with any Phillips lights Phillips exposes via the Hue Hub, which will include the Living Color Lights (Gen 2). Purchasing some now to verify. We also allow control of both the Phillips lights *and* your own Glowline WigWag lights (and all kinds of other lights) at the same time, through a unified control - power, color, brightness. In terms of that light strip you already have: can you send us a direct message with details on what type it is - or a picture of it? You can plug certain third party strips into the Glowline controller - and we will provide a wiring diagram to do this, as well as an optional pigtail connector via our web site later in the year. We can control 4 conductor LED strips using RGB LEDs. For 15m you may need to find a larger power supply. @David Yes, we plan on making much more subdued designs for the final products. We will also have a version of sensor block which fits into home environments a little less obtrusively. A survey will be sent out which, amongst other things, will allow backers to pick from a number different colors. The logo will also be smaller. The renderings on the ad should give some indication of this. Backers will have some input into the final case designs as well, with the general shape remaining the same. @Greg Yes, if they are using ZigBee HA we will be able to work with them. We will reach out to them also to do some interop testing. Seems like a cool idea. @Matthew Yes, you can set it either way. This is part of the reason the phoenix block's on the Sensor Block and Add-on Relays have 2 outputs. For instance, on a garage door you would do Normally Open - this way the garage door opener would work even if the Sensor Block is disconnected. You just need to wire it correctly. Matthew: You should be able to build most of that with rules (via graphical tools such as the mobile app, or web front end) or by writing DeviceJS (Javascript) code directly. We have designed a system that is meant to handle these kinds of more complex systems as well. In terms of front-end, you can build a web page anyway you like and then access rules / DeviceJS code to control physical things. We will have a Developer update later in the campaign to discuss these methods. @Phillip Yes, we will expand on the X-10 compatibility in an update. It will require the use of an X-10 gateway product through the USB port. @Nigel 1) Yes, we will support UK plugs on all power adapters. 2) electronic relay on Sensor Block - max ratings: Max 5A, @ up to 240 V AC or 25 V DC 3) They will be the same or better. We have not finalized the part for this. 4) Yes, the App will run on an iPad with WiFi only as long as the App has Internet connectivity for initial setup. @Matthew You need Internet connectivity when you first setup WigWag, and then you would need it if you wanted your setup to contact you across the Internet. However, the rules you create will work even if the Internet is down. You are correct, a rule just triggering a local alarm / siren box would work with no Internet connection running / or connection to WigWag Cloud. @Matthew The Sensor Block will not use batteries when plugged into USB power, so your batteries in the Sensor Block acting as back up power should last quite a while. However the Block, they will not recharge the batteries. The Blocks can send a notification when the battery charge life is low. The other issue you will need to consider in that scenario is making sure an Internet connection remains up... Thanks Tim. Yes, we will either be using an external tool as we did previously for the last survey, or we will message individual backers. Please send us a direct message if you have any tips from your own previous experience! @Matthew Thanks for positive remarks! 1) We will do an update which lists everything. Also, there will be a survey at the end of the campaign to clarify everyone's pledge and rewards. This will occur before a payment is ran. 2) We have to follow Kickstarter guidelines with pledge levels. We will send you a KS direct message to clarify what options you will have. 3) We will look into this. It's not clear what wireless standard this product is using - we will direct message you for more. 4) At the end of the campaign, in the survey, you will choose which power plug type you need. You should *not* have to buy an adapter.. but we will follow up with you on this also. Awesome!!!! Update on it's way!! Thank you backers... @Peter - Noted on Android, thanks... Was actually looking at that last night. -Ed @Greg We have planned for production well into the multi-thousand units with different partners. The leadership of the team has met with different contractors both in the US and China. Our goal was set at 50k as this was the amount needed to for fixed costs such as tooling (in addition to cost of goods). It's a very fair and understandable question (especially based on some projects performances) but we believe we are prepared for production at levels well past the current backer pledges. @All3nSan At 100k! Awesome Mark - Thanks for backing!... good stuff in the works here! Awesome!!! 400+ backers... We truly appreciate the support. Update on its way!.... @Talanda The kit you reference has the WiFi Bridge Receiver box (aka HTTP gateway). We have LimitlessLED in our office, are playing with it, and plan full support. It will be through their HTTP gateway (same on required for the iPhone app to work)... We will have more info in another update. Less thank 20 backers to go! @Ali3nSan Currently you should use two sensor blocks. We have not tested with a mirror. @Greg It's on us, and we would want to do it anyway. It looks really straightforward, more to come on this! It looks like it would be via cloud, not local - but that's ok - we support automating things whether the API resides on the Internet or is local (such as with Hue bulbs). @Dung, The 100K stretch goal is designed to "streeeeeeetch" us to the next goal. So it will be an add-on to pledges for those who want it. Direct Message us if you need more details. @SabrWolf We should be able to work with them in a lot of ways. A simple example might be a button an Almond+ touch screen which kicks off a WigWag rule. For us that is just triggering 'When' via the web - which is something we already plan on supporting. Perhaps post / ask with Almond+ team? @Elvio Thanks! @Ali3nSan, A Weather proofed sensor block is in the plans for the future but are not ready for this kickstarter campaign. This version of the Sensor Block does operate outside, however, cannot get wet. We are considering adding on longer cables as an add-on at the end of the campaign. There are many plans, products, and devices that we want to do... But one of the coolest things about WigWag is we fundamentally believe in listening the needs of our backers (and in 52 days from now, our customers.) About 8 hours from now, we will do a backer only post that will cover how we solicite our customer base in building new products and bringing them to the market. The bottom line is, the backers decide (for the most part), and the backers will decide the 100,000K new product! Lets get there soon! Chris: We would love to do that! A member of our team is in the Bay Area and I would certainly be willing to travel that way for an event. This would need to be a post-Kickstarter campaign event. It would definitely allow us to show off how all kinds of stuff can be interconnected, and also expose the really powerful parts of the platform: DeviceJS (the Javascript engine executing on each Relay), distributed execution and how the Arduino and Raspberry Pi shield works. -Ed H. @Familia Right on... The GE products are already the first devices we are testing with Z-Wave. @Greg Yes - they make a nice dimmer! @Famillia, Thank you! and Thank you for upgrading! Sensor fusion: is the ability to make multiple sensors work together to provide richer information. Take a common motion sensor. It essentially detects motion in one area. It it either sees motion or it doesn't. Once it notices motion, it simply informs you that it saw motion. Now, if you take 2 or 3 or 4 motion detectors, and link them all together, you can get richer information such as a direction of movement and more pinpoint information on where the motion is occurring. The trip wire feature establishes an IR wire between two sensor blocks. When someone cross this wire, the sensor goes off. This gives you more granular control over an area. For instance, a motion detector in a room would just tell you that someone is in the room. A trip wire covering a door, would tell you when someone crosses through that door. Motion detectors are just that... Motion detectors. Someone sitting still in a room is really hard to detect with one. Developing a single device to detect true presence would be great! Perhaps another kickstarter campaign is in store for us. With multiple sensor blocks and sensor fusion, you will be able to better detect presence. Also on the sensor block we have a microphone. So if there is noise in a room, we know that there is presence. We are striving to make the Relay/z-wave dongle work with all z-wave products. Z-wave is proprietary standard and we will be using a proprietary dongle from a 3rd Party. Most results show that it works. Can you get specific about which Z-Wave products your using and wich vendors they are from? @Greg, We agree! It would be cool to work with PlantLink. Every company has their niche. Every company is going to do something better than the next guy. At WigWag, we are striving to make our platform the most open and interoperable. Our platform is built such that whenever there is an open API available, our customers or our internal programmers can add that other vendors device to their WigWag account. In update #5 on the plantlink site, they stated " We'll officially be creating a public API for any developers who might want to access the data from Plant Link, and we'll be offering color options for the Links to all of our backers." We just reached out to them to see if they can give us an early look at their APIs. They don't seem to be public yet. If you could reach out to them too, that may help. @Matthew: We will push the battery status into the WigWag rules system so you can do whatever you want! When battery LOW Then X! The sensor block runs on 4 AA batteries and/or an included micro USB power adapter. Battery life largely depends on the number of environmental sensors and rules which the particular Sensor Block is associated. In other words, if you are using all 7 different sensor types on one Block with multiple rules, then your Block might only last a couple of days. If you are using one or two sensors in a simpler configuration it could possibly last up to a year. Certain sensors are real power hogs, others are very efficient. For instance the ambient light and motion sensors are quite efficient on battery life. However, the trip wire will drain batteries very fast. This is why we chose to also allow the Sensor Block to be permanently placed & powered with a micro USB power adapter. Goal!!! Look for an update very soon with the next mini-stretch! @All3NSan Understood - one of the main reasons we created the sharing functionality is to deal with access control type devices, such as locks. @Greg - Great, we will get on it as soon as released. Taiyyib: Thanks for the kind comments! and we love the excitement and ideas. We are investigating sprinkler control and locks. Our first priority will be to supporting devices people (specifically backers) already have - but we hope to make some important additions to the market as needed. I personally feel you on the Texas water days - Austin has some serious restrictions. On all these ideas we would also like to hear from international backers - and what things to look out for when considering certain products operation in different parts of the world. Hey Greg! We will do our best to also support Australian plugs as well. There are quite a few Australian backers, so we shall figure this out. No problem Greg! Questions help other backers also. We have a video that is about 90% done explaining all about the Glowline! stay tuned... It was a single 5m Glowline in the steps on the video, where just routed it to hide certain parts... @Greg The final Relay will have 3 USB ports. The one in the video had a case covering a USB port. External Power on Sensor Block: We will include a very small, fixed plug type adapter. However we will have options to choose which plug you need - with a survey at the end. Also, it's standard USB power - so you can use any power USB power supply you like. @Greg You are right there with us... The Sensor Block in the video is a prototype 3D printed (high quality 3D printer) case, so it has little flex that a molded case would not. The external power connector is a micro-USB plug. The final case will have screw hold on the back which will allow you to us a wood or dry-wall screw and secure the Block using this. Indeed - that's critical for real installs - and it will be there. The Glowline will also have these holes. @Greg We are going to offer a couple of different Sensor Block appearances. I entirely agree with you and have received similar feedback: we need a version which 'blends' in to a normal home. At a minimum there will be a dark or black version and a lighter, indoors white-ish version. With as many backers as we have, however, we will run a survey at the end to find the absolute most popular colors. @Daniel: We do plan on having a Bluetooth USB add-on which will plug into the Relay to talk with local Bluetooth devices. There are also a number of Bluetooth light bulbs out there as well. We can't commit to when support would be available for that specific device, but the possibility is certainly there. (And since DeviceJS - the core software which runs on the Relay - is open-source, someone from Embrace+ or another developer could contribute it as well.) @John, Yes. We will direct message you with details on how to adjust your pledge to support the add-ons. @ ALL Backers: Direct message us anytime you need help with the add-ons, changes and increasing your pledges! To direct message us: Look for the "Contact me" next to the "W" icon, just above the pledge levels. @Joshy: The sensor block has 8 internal sensors, and 4 control functions. Take a look at the graphic on the main page for a breakdown of what they are. You don't need to purchase anything additional to make these functions work. If you want to extend the capabilities of your sensor block, take a look at update #2. We have expansion ports on the Sensor Block that can bring new functionality! Thanks Joshy -WigWag @Greg: Cable length for the WigWag Glowline power supply will not be known until later. There are multiple power adapters that we can select to drive the Glowline, and our pricing form the power adapter supplier depends on how many we need. Right now we are looking at 1-2M cables, but the good news is that the Glowline uses a standard plug, so other adapters will also work. Direct Message us your specific cable length needs! @Zingo We will investigate that issue. The team here have worked in organizations shipping products all over the world, so I believe they will be able to handle it - but would like to know the details. Would you mind sending us a DM (direct Kickstarter message) and briefly explain your previous experiences? Thanks Zingo, WigWag @ Greg - power supply cord: Will get back to you on this. The motion sensor will itself be very fast. Latency on 6loWPAN is similar to ZigBee, so about 100ms to the Relay. The Relay executes fast because its a 1 Ghz ARM processor. Then it's a little over 100ms to the Hue. Unfortunately the Hue's are sometimes a little slow. (The Glowline is faster in our experiments). We expect Phillips will be improving on this... But it should be no more than 1 second. The key point here is: the Rule *does not* have to go to the Cloud to execute - so that helps latency. @Greg Thanks for being a large backer! We appreciate the support! We will answer all these questions - but are going to answer them in multiple parts - and different people on the team are not available to answer all of these now but will be in the next 24 hours. 1) Yes. This is shown in the main video, at 0:06, and at 2:40 (where there are two Phillips Hue bulbs and two Glowlines being controlled simultaneously) - as well as some other quick shots. This video is not simulated - they are really being controlled by the App & Relay. This was also demoed live at the Techcrunch pitch event in early June here in Austin, TX. 2, 3 & 4 - Need to talk to the right folks... Expect more info in 12 hours or so. Thanks! @Peter - just found out one of the team is a big on Tasker as well. Looking at the dev section they are saying should not be hard to integrate. Sorry for typo in previous comment, to clarify: We may do this via Pushover, or another service - but the goal is being able to push to multiple people easily (say your family) without everyone needing access to your account or installing our App. All - we are in the process of finalizing some stretch goals! We thank *everyone* for your incredible support! @Jonas Thank you!!! @Peter Awesome! Yes, we will definitely do push notifications on both Android and iPhone. We don't want folks to have to just do SMS (which is also supported). The other thing we are looking at is push distro lists, if you will. We may do this via Pushover, or another service - but the goal is being able to push to multiple people easily (say your family) without every needing accessing to your account or installing our App. @John, Yes, the glowline strips are cut to length. They can be cut every 5cm (1.9685 inches) where indicated on the strip. Use either a sharp pair of scissors or razor blade knife. @Nicholas (and @John) The Relay already has a real time clock and it's time will sync with our servers, and will of course deal with time zones correctly. Time based rules will still work if your Internet connection temporarily drops also. No stretch goal needed :) We already have a couple of "Time" based "When" options in the App, to include being able to have a rule only 'on' during a certain period of time. The other thing you will want in terms of time is to 'then' something, and 'then' undo that something later, after a set period of time. We are working on how to get this in the App with an effective UX. arckal, So sorry. We missed your question in the shuffle. Glowline comes with 2.5 meters of indoor strip. Each Glowline is capable of driving a 5 meter strip. To upgrade to 5 meters of indoor strip is $15. We actually also upgrade the power supply at the same time (included in the price), as a Glowline needs 2x the power to driver 2x the strip. The Glowline can drive many different grades of strips. We are still in negotiations with our suppliers. We have access to multiple grades of outdoor strips, from some that can handle light wind and rain to strips that can be completely submerged in water. We will do an update focused on the Glowline and the strip types that we can drive. Thanks! Yes we are absolutely open to working anyone and anything that has an open API. One of the strong suits of WigWag is that it doesn't require a WigWag employee to make things happen between WigWag and another device or platform. Our cloud will allow anyone to build connectivity via JavaScript and automatically promote code reuse to all other users. Regarding your question, yes at checkout there will be a survey that will enable you to add the Sensor Block to any pledge (other than the $1 pledge.) Thanks again! This is a phoenix block: <url>"see full bio" near the WigWag badge on the Ad and then click "Contact Me" in the dialog. @pschi Each backer level has a Relay because the Relay is the brains of WigWag in the house. It controls devices and listens to sensor. When you setup a rule with the app, that rule is pushed to your Relay. The Relay then listens and executes the rule for you. @LKY We can straighten out pledges easily by just adjusting your amount manually. Could you direct message us - so we can clarify? Thanks! @LKY Thank you for noticing, fixed! @Jordi Yes you can. Just add $50 per sensor. @arckal #3 - The devices you mention all have open APIs so they should have support from WigWag. We can't guarantee all of them at ship date, but eventually we should see support. Hue and LIFX are definite (as LIFX has committed to an open API). UBE claims to also have a REST API when it ships. Ecobee has an API as well. So you are looking good. Our priority will first to go to lighting then to other devices. @DigitalPH Each dongle will cost no more than $50. Our policy is to simply past cost on these. You should be able to 'bring your own dongle' if you want (as long as it's supported by DeviceJS). @arckal WigWag Sensor Block can open / close the garage door because it has a built-in electronic relay. This wiring is pretty much the same as any other garage door opener. Yes, WigWag could notify you if the garage door was opened via this method. If you can place the Sensor Block near the where this relay wire is, you should be able to only use a single WigWag Sensor Block. Notice in the video we place it on the ceiling near the opening motor. You could also run a wire to a wall, which is another shot (typically where its wired to). Sincerely thank you very much for your support. And thank you for being an early backer! Absolutely! Development is well underway. We will post updates with the progress on the Android App. It will be available when we ship.