Pointing out that the storm knocked my cellular modem (www.clear.com) offline was one night, and Bayushi Koichi's comment about no storms was the next would be redundant, right? And Denis, no alien excuses on this game, they aren't in it. There will be an update on the order of what was suggested below before I go to bed this evening. Look, I have to schedule time with the artist, and I can't do that until I know what people want. Y'all rightly want the book completed and so do I. If I don't set a deadline for letting me know, how can I do that? And what's to stop 1 person from endlessly delaying this because a little line is in the wrong place? I am trying to work with everyone, I really am. There are about 6 people who seem to want line drawings. If they can't figure that out in the next day and a half I'm not sure how long they need. And I never agreed to individual approvals on pictures. We'll do the best we can. I already paid out money to someone to try and get realistic art and that blew up in my face. Cartoony art can look somewhat like people but not like a picture. And that is subjective. As I said, we'll do the best we can. As I thought I had covered (but maybe not): The original plan was to send the photos to the artist to make line drawings for the book. That blew up for various reasons. So then I was going to use the photos (in various forms and photo-shopped various ways) to be the illustrations. And some folks got upset. So if you want it to be a line drawing, I need to know by tomorrow midnight CDT so i can get the pics done in the next week or so. If you are okay with photos, say nothing. I will not be running anything past people for review at this point, so please be clear on how you'd like to be depicted. (on a side note, there would not be an issue with the pic I used, Marie, as it is legally a "collage" - her face pasted on a clip art waitress head and shoulders dropped into another picture...) Seriously? That's acceptable? I can probably arrange that. Anyone that just can't stand the idea of their actual photo used in an illustration go ahead and let me know, and a picture drawn in the same style (and by the same person) as the sample cover art will be done for you. Send me a direct message if this is what you want. Joseph, I have you down for that. I've been killing myself trying to get stuff a whole lot more realistic done and apparently that wasn't what people want. Go figure... Is the issue that we didn't change things enough? If I had done this - <url>"Raiders of the Lost Ark" posters where the people look exactly like the people, would that have been a problem as well? A drawn picture (if done correctly) will look like the source, as that is why you use a model to draw from. That the pictures *didn't* look anything like the source is why I had to boot the other guy. Many illustrators use photos in their work - different degrees of modification - but basically photos. Tim Bradstreet built a career around light tabling photos...and they look like their source pictures...wish I could afford him, but that is beside the point. If y'all would prefer more modification of the photos so their is some ambiguity, I'll see what I can do. - Alan, my bad, I'll fix the spelling error with your name. - I said the refunds would come with the book, Joe. I said that here, and I said it more than once. - And a photo can be considered an illustration, Jerry. And photos actually work better for this than I expected. - John, I'll change yours so you won't feel embarrassed by it. - And yes Sven, the solution was to take photos sent in and make the art from that. Considering what I've been chasing behind the scenes and the lack of success at finding someone in the remaining budget who can actually draw something that looks like the source...let's just say that I can do a better job...and I used to apologize to the models in life drawing for how badly I botched their likeness. - ALL - those aren't final, but most of the way...I think they work (in general) and am moving down that path to get this thing done. (Back to way-too-busy/lurking-mode) All I can say is this: To Mr. Berglowe, I am humbled and honored by your single-minded dedication to seeing me fail and this project collapse. I have never had an anti-cheerleader/stalker before, and it's an amazing experience. I truly hope this is an amazing experience for you as well, and that you won't be too terribly disappointed when I actually deliver. To everyone else - I will have an update shortly and you will (hopefully) be pleased by it. -Paul John - that is not how this will conclude. Jerry - I have about half of those done, and the rest should be complete in a day or so...having to do them piecemeal. They will now appear in the book, and a preview of what I am doing will be up tonight. As I mentioned in another thread, I came up with a way to do it right after posting that the art was not what we needed. After a few more calls, I should be able to put together a better timeline for you this weekend. That is part of the weekend update...truly! I am sorry for the lack of responsiveness...I can't put together a real update right now, but will have more info and a timeline for all of you by Thursday night. And (hopefully) I will be able to show you (many) more pages of the book at that time, too. I want to do something for the players at GenCon, too...Jerry, send me a direct message and we'll discuss what we can do for them. Jerry, you *will* have rules. The book won't be printed then, but you *will* have the rules to print out at the very least... Base layout is almost complete, and artwork is at about 50%...should have the base character cards by this weekend. I will post what I have of the layout once that is locked in place (even if the art isn't ready yet. Thanks for your patience! You'll have them one way or another...:D How many sessions did you sign up to run? Just posted a couple of pictures...and more will come through the week... Progress is slow but progressing...more sneak peaks will be happening the next few days...:D We did something like with a "Toy War" game years ago at a convention. The rule was "You Kill It, You Keep It!" and I provided about $50-$100 of toys I bought at an outlet mall. People went crazy...:D That is excellent! Rest assured, you will have your book before then! (Oh, and we'll likely have Reaper Miniatures carry the books for sale, too...:D) Actually, yes. The pain in my arm had gotten so bad that I was at a virtual standstill on everything. I tolerated what I could for the day job and came home miserable. Yesterday, I went in and had surgery (ACDF Surgery for those interested) and they took out 2 disks and are fusing three vertebrae. While I am still a little iffy from the procedure, I can tell you thatmy arm is great! Give me a couple of days to get my head back and we'll be full steam ahead...and I am taking a total of 2 weeks off the day job, so all I am doing is sleeping and my projects...thank you for your patience! -Paul I let them in because of my end... The MRI has indeed shown what is wrong - herniated disc in my neck and the most likely solution will be surgery (ACDF surgery for those interested)... not sure how soon I'll have to do it. Project has been slowed but we'll still get there...thank you all for your patience... Sorry for being incommunicado, folks. The MRI did not go well as I ended up in tremendous pain while laying there (I haven't slept flat in a bed in almost 2 months), and had to stop in the middle. I go back tonight and will be doped to the gills in the hope that I'll be able to get through it. We will see movement on things this weekend for real...hoping to pass along a bit of an Easter surprise for you. And we should be able to get the books together and figures done by the end of April at the latest. If you haven't sent your pictures, send them to <email> as soon as possible... Thanks for the incredible patience! -Paul Someone just sent me a link to these....in case waiting for minis is too much, or you just want a big mob... <url>"life" in it than the day job...:/ You obviously have never visited my day job...:D Look good? Compared to Zombies? All you have to do with that is be vertical and breathing...:D I'll have to charge you, of course...:D ::ducking:: That'll be fine...lemme know if you really want that, and I can probably send you the files..:D Got 'em, thanks! Frankenweenie was cute...I'm trying to find pics of the sea monkeys as a model...:D Robb, get out more...see a movie or something...you're scaring me...:D I can do that... You will also have the ability to add to your pledge (i.e. pledge pricing instead of retail pricing...which will be cheaper!) and get additional stuff when I send that later this week. Lunch lady stoey is coming! Here's a peek...a short look at the history of Parasol... Parasol Industries Parasol Industries was founded in 1745 in Warwickshire, England as “The Parasol Companie.” Specialising in parasols for the discerning ladies of society, the company prospered for many years. They supplied them to the Royal family, as well as most of the House of Lords. Harold Watkins was very proud of his company, and expected his sons to carry on his work. They did, after a fashion. Two years after Harold passed away, his sons Arthur and Lionel decided to expand their business. They purchased a restaurant that was adjacent to their factory, and thus expanded into food service. The next year, the brothers found themselves acquiring both a farm and a cobbler’s shop. Within another 40 years, the family owned businesses as diverse as a sugar plantation in the Bahamas to a toy factory in Switzerland. This pattern has continued through the decades and centuries, and now Parasol Industries has operations in 162 countries, 17 territories, and 2 sub-orbital facilities. It wasn’t until the mid-1800s that Parasol acquired it’s first armaments company, but once it had, it appeared they found something they liked very much. Their acquisitions in this area continued at a more rapid pace than in any other. The bulk of their income is derived from energy companies and defense contracts. While no longer family owned, the Watkins family still controls the majority of the seats on the Board, and Watkins family members are the only ones ever considered for Chairman, CEO, and President. One of the secrets of Parasol’s power is the corporate web they hide their control behind. Most of their possessions do not even realize they are controlled by them, it is buried that deep. It is not at all unusual for them to control both sides of a market, and use those companies to stimulate sales through directly competing - with itself! The Parasol Industries facility in Romero, Mississippi was placed there in support of the Corman Advanced Chemical Weapons Research Facility. What they are doing there is considered to be classified “Top Secret,” but not all of what they do there is for the U.S. Government. In fact, one could argue that very little of what they do is for the U.S. Government, regardless of who is paying for it. Go look at your Reaper zombie strippers and we'll have some preview stuff tonight, okay? :D well, I intend to keep y'all involved as we get the book together, and give you peeks as things get completed...:D Don't make me send the hordes after you already! The figures are Alice & Zombie Alice...we didn't make it to Roddy Piper (at least not now...:D)...we can settle extra figures and such when I do the survey...and due to the names part of the rewards, I need to do that in the next couple of days...:D That's gonna be a lot of fun to write, too...:D Good man! Yes, please make notes on all the extra last minute stuff or we'll all forget...:D That was too much fun! And I even snuck in the "Achieved" sign for the $3500 at the end! we'll do something extra special for you, Jerry! Thanks, Jerry! Yahoo!!!! We did it! Always the best answer..."It's for the children!" Whatever you'd like, Alan...:D fun fun! Okay...I suppose...hopefully its a good one and not a cheap one, Alan...:D The way he talks about it is kinda creepy, but it's damn sweet...:D That'd be fun...:D Even that gun that Terry Crews uses in Expendables...:D Send more cops...send more medical technicians...:D nom nom nom nom... okay...if that works as enough incentive...or even "they can be armed with the weapon of their choice, no matter how weird, as long as it could possibly exist in the U.S. today." That work? :D So close...so close...:D Yes you can...and you would not be the only one doing that...:D I'd pledge it myself if they let me...:D Certainly possible...:D Neither do I...lot of them asked and I said "sure"...bet they regret it now...:D I'm sure they'll get over it...:D Just hit Facebook again...I may lose a few FB friends over the number of times I've hammered this one...:D Just $90 to go for the Novella! Thanks, Tom. I think we'll get there...don't worry! Tom, Holy Man is open...if you want to switch, you sure can...:D Oh, and if you want them, you can also buy Critter Commandos squads for $10/4 figures...(i.e. frogs/dogs/rats would be $20)...if anyone wants them from this crowd...:D I appreciate that, Jerry...I have several pieces of high weirdness coming along in the next several months (including a related but *non-gaming* project we'll be kickstarting), and I'd love to see y'all along for the ride...:D Umm, okay...ROTAG! counts as 2, and the rest are per figure (i.,e. Bambi & Thump'r are 2 for this purpose)...that seem fair to y'all? True...heck, the sane wouldn't survive in my apartment...:D Well, I'll make sure that on each person's copy of the Illustrated Novella, I'll hand write in a comment on the page/pages where you appear so your friends will know it really is you...:D Y'all are officially insane, by the way...:D We could do that if you want...prints for $5 each...do it! It actually looks like either end would suck to be on the receiving end of...:D That looks like that would hurt...I like it! Thanks, Leisa! Woo Hoo! Only $175 until the Stretch Goal! And then we can try for Roddy! Okay, just found it...very cool...any particular model of it you want? Send me a link...:D I'll make sure...just as soon as I figure out what that tool is...:D Well, if you and a few others did that, we would *have* the goal met for the book...:D But the choice is yours...no pressure. I'll try to be creative...and it might be you get turned as we first see you...all depends...:D Each will be as appropriate as it can be... and if, for some reason, you don't want to be killed "on screen", I'll try and work that as well...(my wife made that request...:D) Hasslefree makes the Scooby-Doo gang under another name...great figures...and no, that's not quite what I meant... I will be the "Local Writer" who is essentially the narrator of the sad tale...which does mean I survive more than most, but not forever as this is a Zombie world, and virtually everyone gets it in the end...:D (Or however many extra you add...you get it...) You would get everything with it as if you had done them as two separate pledges...so 2 books, maps, etc... We can probably work something out for you if necessary...:D BTW, if anyone at one of the named Reward levels wishes to *also* add a "zombie" reward level for a friend, I can do that...same price ($40) added to your current pledge, and send me a separate direct message (not here) so I know and don't oversell them...:D Had a couple of people ask, so I figured I would mention it. -Paul Still trying to see the downside, Bayushi...:D I always wanted to be Fred anyway...he and Daphne would wander off together by themselves, and Shaggy, Scooby, and Velma did all the work...and he and Daphne were workin' it...:D Or he comes out to scare the "kids" and gets eatem by zombie Mall Rats...:D That's why it's in there...although I think his fate will be different than in the average Scooby-Doo story line...:D "Owner of the Old Amusement Park" "And I would gotten away with it too, if weren't for you darned kids!" Just sayin'...:D I really want to do it, so it seems like its possible...:D People backing out is part of Kickstarter...unlike some projects, though, I won't take it back when I say we've met a goal and then things change...I'm sure some more folks will see the merits of what we are doing and we'll jump back over it and then some shortly...:D Huh? It appears that $3000 is a rubber/glass ceiling...we can see beyond it, but not get past it or stay there...:D No worries...I think we will get past it...we have plenty of roles/reward levels still open for people who find us at the last minute...I know I'd love to do the Novella as well for you all! I certainly wouldn't mind it...:D Nope...$10 extra for international backers total. Thanks for joining us! That happens, no worried about that...:D Someone bailed a little while after I declared the goal beaten, then a couple of others popped it up again...:D Amazing! Y'all really wanted that Zombie Alice is seems! We're locked in on that, and now we get to see if we'll be putting together that Illustrated Novella! Thanks to Everyone! Well, we now have more voters than than backers...:D And it looks like Zombie Alice by a landslide...as soon as that $25 is pledged, I'll lock in Zombie Alice as the $3000 Stretch Goal figure! And now it's still Roddy Piper in the lead, with Zombie Alice trailing by three, and Van Helsing 3 more back from that...as soon as we get $25 more, the choice will be made! WOW, the voting is really heating up! Roddy Piper has jumped into the lead now by five votes, with Zombie Alice and Van Helsing tied for second, 5 votes back! And with only $25 to go, someone could lock this in right now just by increasing their pledge just $25...not that I'm suggesting anything...:D Thanks, Leisa! Just checked the totals again, and Zombie Alice leads...but a surprise come from behind has Van Helsing in second place by 3 votes, and Roddy Piper another 4 votes behind that...anything can happen...we're just $45 from funding and locking in that figure...the tension is killing me! :D Woo Hoo! Zombie Alice is the current leader in the voting...but just 5 separate her from Roddy Piper...and we're almost to $3k, so if you want something other than Zombie Alice, now is the time...and *anything on the list can beat her with as few as 11 more votes...so do it Chicago style - early and often! "Redneck Zombies"? What's so bad about that movie? To help build the mod for your games, I thought I would list for you some of the zombie movies I like that inspired this game: The Romero "Dead" films: Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead, Land of the Dead, Survival of the Dead Return of the Living Dead & Return of the Living Dead 2 (the rest of that series feels like they were produced for $50 and a case of beer each, so...) Shaun of the Dead Resident Evil movies Zombieland Dawn of the Dead (the Zach Snyder one) Anyone care to add others to the "must watch" Zombie movie list? It's still Friday here ( at least for another 71 minutes...:D)...I don't have to go into work, but I do have the laptop in case work finds *me*...:D So, everyone a Zombie now? :D Part of what I wanted to learn was "could i make something worthwhile in half the time most projects go?" And the answer is undeniably "yes!" While I would be lying to say that I don't want/need a $1,000,000 project, I am very satisfied with where we are...I am hoping we'll get to $3500, as that was something that occurred to me after we started the Kickstarter and I think it would be a lot of fun to do! And everyone's comments and questions have certainly shaped the project! Thank you to everyone for your involvement and ideas! Well, it was actualy a bit of an experiment. This is a smaller project than SuperFogeys for us, and not nearly as involved as something like Reaper's recent one...so I wanted to see what would happen with a shorter time interval...I've learned a bit already, and will likely learn more before we're done. And all of it will help when we set up for "Critter Commandos Evolution" in March...:D Yes, it sure will be...all the books for the "named" reward levels will be...:D Brian, message sent! :D I'm sure we can work that out...:D Amazing! Very cool! And all 40 of the current backers get 2 free figures from the Vampire Hunter$ line! And now, on to $3000 and the next figure! I'll get the poll up shortly! Oh, and remember that we are unlocking *two* goals on top of the free figures...stat cards for all the existing figures *and* everyone who backs Zombie Stomp! will get the PDF for Vampire Hunter$ when it comes out this Fall! Just $20 more! Amazing! We are so close! Hey, I understand...:D Thanks, Leisa! Those are some great zombies, so I'm sure you'l have fun with them! ROTAG! is just a fun one...I figured we need a rampaging monster and that one wandered across my desk...technically he a conversion of an old fantasy figure, but after I added that I-beam I thought he looked cool...:D All reward levels of Stomper and higher get the printed color cardstock standups! Another $130 and it's free figures for everyone! Oh, and I should have mentioned that I'm okay with people choosing ROTAG! as one of them, even if he *is* the most expensive one in the line...:D That works! Okay...here's a challenge...if we get to $2500 tonight, I'll give everyone who is an active back and receiving some kind of physical product from the project their choice of TWO of the current Vampire Hunter$ miniatures for FREE. As the price is actually going up, that's $8 in free metal...so can we find a few more backers tonight? :D While I can see the appeal for some folks, I think there are at least two places where this would blow up in my face...but i will keep it in mind, and maybe it will find itself in a future Kickstarter or other project we produce. But I truly appreciate the creative ideas...and keep them coming! Remind me at the end and I'll make sure you have it!...:D It *is* related to level of importance in the story...so expect to see the Mayor show up more than the Pizza guy, for instance...:D I would most definitely like to put it together, that is for sure...:D No, but y'all will all get the PDFs as well, so you can print extras at your end, too... 60-72 pages minimum, not including all the character cards and foldups...might be more, but I'm not sure yet...:D Thanks, Jerry! I'll restart the poll with a narrowed field once we hit $2500...and Chuck Norris, despite the fact that he is Chuck. will be left off since someone else is doing him right now. So help us get to $2500 and then we can see what we can do with the next figure! I have added in the $2500 goal, and even added a $3500 goal should y'all decide we are worthy...that one could be a lot of fun if we make it...:D Be sure to check it out! Yes, all the named slots have everything from Stomper level *plus* whatever I said about the named level...and that includes the zombie level, too! Sam, good point. It just helped me make a decision...:D Well, only if it's better than the job you chose, Mr. Mayor...:D Someone asked me for specific totals, so I will pass that along: Megan Fox - 5 Alice - 4 Chuck Norris and Jason Statham at 3 ea... Van Helsin, Elvis and Buddy each have 1... So someone with 5 friends could steal it away for anyone on the poll...:D Voting is heating up, but Megan Fox is still in the lead...Alice is catching up though, and Chuck Norris & Jason Statham are clearly in the running still...:D Without Jinxing it, we could lock it in tonight, so if you have a favorite, now would be a good time to get your friends to vote...:D The last of the additional roles will be set up this evening...look for Town Drunk, pimp, bartender, and nurse, among others...:D No, just tired when I did it...good catch...it was supposed to be 8 Zombies...:D Loading up new Reward Levels right now...several are up, and more are coming...including one where people can choose to be made into a Zombie intentionally...:D I'm okay with that...:D I am partial to the denim miniskirt and tank top from TF 1, myself...:D That's a thought...Stomping Day...Hmm... When I included Megan Fox, I was thinking Transformers...give her a gun and we're all set...but if y'all thought the cheerleader look would be better... Answering a couple questions - It's a secret because its a secret...get past $2000 and you'll find out what it is...:D The maps are a late addition to the system. Prior to this project, everything we did was freeform tabletop stuff... Michael Nunn (chief develop for ZS) is a fan of maps like the ones done for the various Clix games... in the freeform, premeasuring takes some of the random element out...with maps, ignore that rule. And as to the roles in town...more are coming. Their success was a big surprise to me, so I was not prepared for them to vanish so quick...:D Thanks for the overview! Hey, by the way...when we hit the $2000, the figure will be available $5 each...and I'll let you know in advance that it will cost more than that when I make it available on the site... (probably $6-7). If you are planning on getting the figure when we get there, adding $5 to get it now would put us almost there...just sayin'...:D Is that like 'Weasel Stomping Day"? Currently we are voting on a survivor/stomper character...once we do the first one, we could add "zombie version of first mini stretch goal" as an option for the next round of voting, how about that? Oh, and for those who might have missed out on a special role in town - I will be adding a few more over the weekend...not going insane here, but there are a lot more pieces of zombie bait, err, important citizens of Romero to account for in the product...:D Hey, I just added an Add On - Zombie minis! I made a deal with Reaper Miniatures (my very good friends), and was able to put together an 18 piece zombie horde from their line for $50! (Regular retail would be around $68, so its a deal! And a hearty Welcome to our Redneck of the Year pledger! The answer to that is yes, no, and sort of...:D Many of the characters will appear in the story line set up ...how major or minor depends on a lot of things, including whether or not the story needs them there at that moment...the Mall Rats and band Kids will most likely not be named in the fiction, for example, as I anticipate too many of them to pull that off without it being awkward or stupid... there will also be fiction blurbs here and there and various characters will appear in those as the story moves through the presented scenarios (most often portraying their gruesome death, I would imagine)... so the final answer will be that I will try and make sure that everyone who supports us at a Reward Level that includes a position in town feels like they are a part of what makes up Romero (probably a tasty part), and that at least most of you feel like it was worth it...:D I hope that answers it without giving too much away...:D Bayushi, I think that sounds a whole lot like you are volunteering to help! That's great! Drop me an email (paul dot lidberg at gmaildot com) and we'll see how you can help...:D If you do that, we can call you "Executive Assistant" or something...:D But why would she have that kind of guy as a secretary...whoops! :D Not a problem...we can work with genders...:D It will be...and I will look here for some ideas before it goes live...so if there is something you personally would like to see as a figure, we can add it to the voting...:D Remember, we are (currently) looking at up to 2 new figures (and if y'all go insane we can do more...:D), so there are shots for some cool stuff...we've already got a history of doing media-related characters....most of the VH line is like that...so don't be shy...I'll find a way to phrase it to avoid legal action...:D We were...and I got sleepy...should have it up tonight...sorry about that...been a long week...:D Great stuff! My daughter wants the Game Stop credit, but I told her no...:D I do accept Hawaiian and Zimbabwe currency, however...:D The voting for the miniatures goals will be opened up tonight...there will be several choices that are mostly redneck zombie hunters...but there is one that is a zombie lord...if that one wins, we'll make it! I am reluctant to spend a lot of resources on making more general zombies, as there are already hundreds of those available from a lot of fine companies...:/ As zombie food, if you want to be technical... :D I'm sure I will...also, remember that adding them as you go will help us reach the next Stretch Goal, which gets everyone more stuff...:D I'm trying to make sure that all the Stretch Goals include something for everyone no matter what, with options for those that want them...if y'all have ideas for things you'd like to see, let me know... Tomorrow night I will be putting out an update that reveals a bit more about Romero, MS before the trouble began...:D I did win....and she's annoyed enough about that so interrupting was not a bi deal at all...:D Thanks! Hmmm..that's a thought...:D aka about 90 minutes... Well, I have to go play Scrabble with my wife, so I would say I should have a couple more up around 10-10:15 CST...:D The map for MegaLoMart is 29 x 44.5 with 1" squares. The Parasol Industries facility will be 11 x 17 with 1" squares... all the maps are intended for play, not just to see...:D And yes, I will be adding some more roles tonight, and I'll try and make several of them at the lower end of things..:D Now i will mention that the Exec from Parasol will actually have a role in the problems, not unlike certain execs in a handful of Milla Jojovich movies, so he is a big deal...:D I just added a few more roles for people, in case some folks missed out on something...:D Well, we have a backer who is playing games...hopefully Kickstarter can stop that kind of behavior. As far as I am concerned, we are funded, and we can now try for the Stretch Goals! I'll send an update shortly with additional details! Thanks everyone! -Paul Burt Wilson: I thought you said if we destroyed the brain, it'd die! Frank: It worked in the movie! Burt Wilson: Well, it ain't working now, Frank! Freddy: You mean the movie lied? "Send more cops...send more medical technicians..."