Yes, its been really frustrating that we don't have anything to update. We have shipped many XiStera's to backers who have give up on us as far as ZOpro is concerned. From our stand point we cannot give up on the project even though we are passing the product cycle. Since we were well short on funds to complete the project we obviously are in no position to refund. Distribution to our other product is key to getting the funds to complete the project and we have had some delays there. We will get something done here and as soon as we have concrete plans everyone will get an update. Joe Yes Dashiell. I will message you directly about that. And I understand everyone's frustration. We would much rather have product on the market instead of very expensive tooling sitting on a shelf. We had two deals fall through from companies that were interested in a coop deal with ZOpro. Now we are trying to get your supplier agree to make a very small run at the same cost just to cover backers instead of a mass production like we planned. Timing this with our other project getting fulfilled and moving to retail will give us the cash we need if our supplier agrees to terms. We basically had to do re production on XiStera to get the last 20% of the rewards filled. Fortunately, that was mostly at the suppliers cost but it cost us significant time. We have not updated all of those details here because it's another project. That production is in the air now for the US and when it lands and we ship our backers we will also be able to collect on some pre sales and distribution that will allow us to put some dollars into ZOpro. Those of you who are international and opted to switch to XiStera will be getting those units as we ship the remaining international backers for that project. We will start shipping as soon as they land and clear customs. We are working on a deal right now that may get this rolling again. Waiting to confirm a couple things and will post an update. Sorry it's been such a long time since the last. I completely understand the way all of you feel in the comments below. First of all 389 backers would have to agree unanimously via survey even if we were in the position to refund the project (which we are not) and there will always be backers that are unhappy with that alternative as well. Second, we are much closer to getting production done than we would be to sending refunds ($8k vs. $21k). So needless to say we are not giving up on this project after spending over $60k on it. Some of you will still have a 5/5s and some will be moving on to the 6 is six months and may just sell the case. But that is the direction we are going and we are getting closer. Hopefully as we get this done and gain momentum with other projects we will be able to move on to the next gen iPhone tooling and offer a choice to our backers. But we won't be able to answer that until September. Sure Warren We had held about 20% of the XiStera international rewards due to the fit issue that we had. We held some rewards and distributor orders while product was unpacked and carefully checked. The past few weeks we have been negotiating with the supplier to run new production for all of the parts that did not fit our standard. Now, a new production is being run with harder material which will result in a better fit and security. The final international backers and those of you who swapped ZOpro for XiStera will be getting those new production units. It was a process as we had them take apart the original XiSteras and recycle the stainless parts. We plan to start shipping the balance on around April 8th. To clarify - That comment about shipments starting again is ZOpro backers internationally who requested a XiStera in exchange. Rowan International shipments are starting again. I have not received any tracking numbers yet and it is already Saturday in Asia. I do expect to start getting some this coming week. They are very close to shipping. Raymond Our situation has not changed so there is still nothing to update. The next update will be when we have parts running again. Some parts are ready and some are not. We are trying to get distribution funds rolling on our other project to cover production of the additional parts and shipping to all of you. Once we know for a fact that things are moving again we will update. I know it's no good going long periods without update but it is frustrating getting an update that says "nothing to update". Hopefully it will not be long before we have a substantial update. Joe Matthew My response to your posting. Hello Wanted to clarify our side here. People have the right to use whatever words they like and that goes with the territory when it comes to crowdfunding. Personally, I believe that the words “scam” and “fraud” are not fair if you really understand that Kickstarter is not a store. Those words indicate that we misappropriated funds somehow and bought cars or vacations which is obviously not the case. Frustrated and angry backers we certainly understand however. Just take your frustration and magnify it 389 times and that is ours. We have… 1. Immediately cancelled the iPhone 4 model in the first months and refunded all of those backers in full based on our supplier telling us that there was not enough quantity to justify their pricing originally quoted on tooling. 2. Posted a copy of One single invoice for tooling that was within a couple thousand of the total amount funded. 3. Spent nearly triple the amount funded on the project to date and are still (slowly) spending. 4. Launched another project (80% delivered) and that decision was made partially because we knew that the only way ZOpro would ever get done was to make a trip to our former supplier and get in their face. We vowed not to spend funds from the other project but ZOpro certainly benefited from the 7 weeks spend over in Asia. 5. Shown photos of the tooling itself, the cables that have been done 3 times (which ended up being a major issue) and several sets of T samples that have been made on the mold. 6. Been honest that we are out of money on the project and that we are trying to use distribution income from our newer project to help finish production. We expect backers to be frustrated as we are ourselves. We made mistakes. But if you truly understand Kickstarter, the definition of words like scam and fraud certainly do not fit our journey and experience on this project. And we have not, and will not give up. Sincerely, Joe Adams One more item Philip All of the backers here have been offered a XiStera in place of their ZOpro which does come with the lenses and give you all of the ZOpro camera features (lenses, lens mount, tripod mount, dash mount). Around 15% of the backers have opted for XiStera but I completely understand if you have no interest as it is a completely different product. I understand completely why you feel that way Philip but we have already posted one invoice in an update that shows we spent the funds raised for this project responsibly and completely. Admittedly we made mistakes in this (our first) successfully funded project. The goal should have been much higher and we had unexpected issues with the cable that increased the cost even more. If we were trying to play games with people we would not have spent all of that money on tooling and we would have no reason to respond here. The fact is that we would love to be selling and marketing this product and would certainly not put all of this time, energy and additional funds of our own into it if that was not the case. And we have delivered an additional project but had to be responsible with those funds as they were raised for another project (although its existence did help us get to Asia and sort some things out on ZOpro). We are not shipping lenses and partial product or giving refunds because that would diminish the limited resources that we have to get the product moving again. Since we are not in a position to refund the whole project it would not be fair to other backers to refund you or other individuals who are more vocal. It has been a long time since we have posted an update because we do not really have anything to update until the production line is moving again. I could spend a whole update telling you every detail about how our supplier promised this and that and did not deliver for us but that does not do anyone any good at all since its behind us. We are still here and will keep pushing forward in trying to fulfill the project whether anyone cares or not. Sure Zach. I will message you... Understood that everyone is fed up with the fact that this project is at a stand still. We have 60k worth of work and tooling just sitting around waiting for production when it could be pumping out a great product that we could be making profit on. That is not the position we want to be in right now. It's frustrating, sad, and weighs heavily on all of us because all of you are waiting and ZOpro is really such a great product. Our XiStera project was much smoother and is 70% shipped but did have some production issues also in the end that has caused some delays in getting past KS shipments and into distribution where we will see profit that can help the ZOpro project get moving again. We are doing our best to get that moving and also applying for grants and SB loans that will help us on all fronts. Any update right now will be pretty empty but we do know it time to post one regardless and will put something together soon. It is in our benefit to get this to market otherwise all investment on the project is lost. And we are heavily invested both financially and emotionally. Not expecting all of you to be happy even when ZOpro is delivered based on the time lost but we will continue to do our best and not give up on the project. That is all we can do. Hey Steve Thanks for your continued support. We are waiting to get confirmation of funds hopefully after the Asia holiday and will update when we can confirm that production is starting again. It will be the best day of my life when I can show photos of ZOpro being packaged. I know not all backers will be satisfied still because of the ridiculous timeline but completing this weighs on my mind every day. Thanks GP but we know we are shedding a bad light on KS because of our mistakes and overages on this project and we have fallen way below our own expectations an that of our backers. We will get this thing done. Sad that we are part of that statistic for you GP. But very cool that you have brought 20 things into the world that would have never existed without your help. And we will eventually make it 21. Not delivering ZOpro would be the end of our business and that is not our plan as we have worked to hard over the past couple of year. Looks like we may be heading to Asia again and could get production moving again a week or two after the Chinese holiday. Plan to update when we confirm but we have some good distribution commitments on our XiStera project. I agree Mario and we hate to hear that but understand. The reason we are chasing other projects is partially for the benefit of ZOpro allowing us to keep the few people we have in place so things still get done. When you spend triple the amount that you raise on a project you can either give up and walk away or find a way. We learned such a hard lesson on ZOpro that we got better at all aspects if the process. Continuing on with other projects has allowed us to travel to Asia and sort out the issues we had with ZOpro and although we cannot use funds from other projects we can use post fulfillment dollars and are getting very close to that point. I know not everyone will be happy even when we deliver in the end but we are hoping that a large percentage of you will be once we fulfill. I personally believe after a year of testing that ZOpro is one of the best iPhone products around. And we will continue to take the steps necessary to give this story a happy ending. Hope all of you are having a good Christmas. I would much rather be seeing comments about backers happy to see their ZOpro than the well understood frustrations. Our production manager is just waiting for the word. Once we get him the funds and put everything in motion we will update and ship from Asia somewhere around a month from that date. As soon as everything is in motion I will give better estimates. We are both financially and emotionally invested heavily in this product and have used and tested it more than any of our offerings. Can't wait to get it out. Thanks Matthew. We will regroup and make one big push to get this project fulfilled and then to market. They will. It's just a confirmation process and we have several distributors waiting on samples now. Good news. We have hard orders from distributors on XiStera and samples will be sent out next week for confirmation. That means that we will soon have the (post Kickstarter) funds that we need to get ZOpro moving towards completion. As soon as that happens I will post another update here on the ZOpro Project. ZOpro is not dead. It's just stuck in intensive care. This is a very frustrating position for us that will certainly never be duplicated. Just take your frustration and multiply it times 389 and that is the weight I feel on my shoulders every day and it pains me even more that it has any negative impact on Kickstarter. New projects constantly contact me and I tell them my experience and hardships on this project doing my very best to help them to avoid our shortcomings. One of the points that I try to get across is that they should triple the amount of money they think it will take, add cost for a trip to the manufacturer, and add cost for someone to watch over production. Without this type of access I don't know how any quality products get completed. Easy to get something in your hand, but something with good quality and that works correctly as stated is another story all together. We are still in the same position as a few weeks ago when we updated. Our XiStera project is currently shipping which means samples going to several new distributors to confirm. Although we cannot use funds from XiStera for ZOpro we will be able to use distribution profits to help ZOpro through the final steps to completion and fulfillment. And that is our only real issue remaining with ZOpro now. It has taken more than three times the amount we funded to complete the project which I take full responsibility for. I think many would have given up early on but we kept putting our money in and moving forward, even launching another project that gave us the ability to get in front of our suppliers and solve the early problems first hand. We have learned so much from XiStera reducing costs and solving problems in many areas that will help us get ZOpro to everyone. Of course, if we had know from the beginning that this is where we would be now the project would never have launched. Since the past no longer exists from the standpoint of decision making we choose to keep pushing forward. XiStera has similar photo features to ZOpro we have extended the offer to switch over from ZOpro and have a XiStera shipped to any backer who chooses that option (UPDATE #16). That option guarantees any backer something in your hand within the next week or two and a large percentage of backers have taken us up on that offer. We know exactly what we need at this point to complete the ZOpro project. Those distributor profits are coming and as soon as we confirm that we are in a financial position to move forward on ZOpro we will update again with a timeline for shipments and get this thing done! Thanks so much for your support and the patience that many of you have show. No, Kickstarter is not a store and most people know that. But backers do expect to get something in their hand and when this project is behind us we expect every backer to have a good quality product in their hand, hopefully with some concessions that make up for the lost time. UPDATE #16 has been posted for our backers. Agreed. Will get an update out today for you guys. The project is by no means dead and we are just having some issues closing it out but it will get closed out. Understand your frustration Bryan. We would never have shipped an inferior product but it would have made life much easier just to ship a good quality case without the cable feature. Problem is, it would have been very difficult to get everyone to agree with that. We took the road we are on. It's costing us more but in the end everyone will benefit from it. Jermyn - I agree. That comment was aimed at the negative comments about Kickstarter in general and not in defense of anything else. My response was simply that most projects do get made and many do a very good job on the projects. I don't want people to in general to have a bad impression of Kickstarter just because we are very late on our project. Kickstarter is a great platform overall. Fuzzy - As soon as we have anything solid on that program we will let all backers of this project know about it. We obviously can't make any firm plans and commitments on something that won't exist for another year. But want to make later models after this is delivered even if the models after Kickstarter are made without the cable. We feel that it's a very thin case and the best product available in the category to date . Rowan - We will update as soon as we have firm information. I don't want to give any more incorrect dates until I know we are in position to ship. One more thing regarding Kickstarter... Kickstarter is a very unique platform by nature. We have backed and followed many projects and although many products do pass their estimated delivery dates all of them that we have backed have delivered and most have delivered a nice product. Even some of the best funded projects Kickstarter has produced (like Pebble and the Elevation Dock) have had difficulty with timely delivery but gone on to deliver quality products and become viable companies thanks to all of the support of this amazing site. Pebble is even paving the path in the "wearable technology" market today. Most backers know there is a risk with funding a project that has never been made before but because of that risk many products now exist that may have never seen the light of day. Thanks to all of the Kickstarter backers who continue to take that risk. Rest assured that although ZOpro will always be one of those projects that was delivered very late, I assure you the story will end with the delivery of a quality product. In response the comments by Marika and others - This has been a very frustrating project for us, but one we do intend to complete and deliver in quality form to every single backer that helped to get it off the ground. Marika was correct in one assumption for sure. The ZOpro is late, way over cost, and it will be difficult to make money off of the project in the near future but we still think it's the best product in the category and this time and effort will eventually pay off for us. There is still almost a full model year for the 5S and this form factor for the iPhone will be around for a couple of years to come. We have put ourselves in a very difficult position with the cable and by not changing course early on the problem has been compounded. We just made three new cables and finally one that works perfectly with iOS7 which was a glitch that we never planned for since the project was to be delivered well before it's existence. Our final production and shipping would get resolved much faster if we had unlimited resources, but we don't. Right now we are very close but every move we make has to be very carefully though out so we don't end up in a corner with no options. As Marika said in the earlier comment the "smartest" thing we could do would be to flush this project and Marika may be correct. But that is NOT OUR INTENTION in any way shape or form. And we will not be delivering "imperfect protos" as we have had more than ample time to refine ZOpro to a very finished product for the end user. Please understand that this is not a comfortable or fun situation to be in at this point. These shoes are not very comfortable and every one of you and your commitment to us weighs heavily on our shoulders. We will not quit until we have fulfilled every single backer pledge with a quality product. All of the 1/4-20 mounts seem to work and they are not too expensive. We are purchasing and will have 3 or 4 of the best mounts we have used available on our website over the next month as we start delivering. When you choose a windshield mount I recommend that you get a very large diameter suction cup (for security) and a longer articulating arm with multiple adjustments for the windshield is better especially if the angle is shallow. You can get into issues where the phone will not be level before it hits the windshield or mount. For dash and other areas you can use 3M or gecko removable. I like the 3M for security if you know it will be semi-permanent I leave the magnetic boss in the car always because it makes a great maps mount and I usually have my car when I go off to shoot photos with a tripod so it's always with me. These are some mounts we have used with ZOpro and XiStera. Really the same function. The circled one you can see is much larger. Larger and more adjustable is the way to go. <url>"see you in a week" basically because of the National Holiday over there and they will be back in on the 5th. Frustrating but not something we can control. Will update after that meeting. 'Emergency' was obviously too strong a word to use in that case. These cables are capable of normal daily use for a couple of years and more with good care. I am on iOS7 V. 7.0 (11A465) and I have checked it on several other 5's that were downloaded via the public OTA on or after the 18th. Phones still charge and sync both during and after the notification in each case. That being said I am more concerned now and will look into this deeper. Thanks for your comments guys. Hi Kraig- iOS7 does actually allow lightning cables that are not certified. This is the message you get and have to dismiss: <url>"sales" of the ZOpro product the cable feature will be removed for retail sales. Kickstarter is not a sale, it's a pledge. What we have made is the thinnest photography case on the market that does not seem any thicker than a regular case. The boss is an awesome tripod mount and if you keep one in your car will be the most amazing car mount you have ever imagined. We had to make a difficult decision to either remove the cable for retail sales or double the case thickness and in the end it was unanimous that the thin size and photo features were much more important. You Are All Getting a Kickstarter Special Edition that cost much more to make than we took in funding and will never be made the same way again. If anyone wants their case without the cable or cable routing, just ask and we will add that to your survey. This has been a very stressful process and we learned many hard lessons. We appreciate the patience that you have all shown and will be updating again as soon as we are close to starting shipments. Joe Thanks. Got the drawings when they came out. Files are being sent to the supplier today to modify the die for the metal part. Will be compatible with both 5 and 5S when we ship and we will update about the ship date as soon as we have a handle on it. Not really an additional delay here Jermyn. The Lightning end of the cable was confirmed before the last update which has been our problem and focus. The USB end and complete cable set will be confirmed from the new supplier when our production manager gets back to China end of this week. We are just working on these new stainless parts along side the timeline of the other issues so we can satisfy more backers with the end product and be compatible with more phones. Yes. As we expected we will make a small modification to the metal part in the lens area (as suspected in update #15). We are currently waiting for Apple to post the dimensions and then we will get them off to our supplier to change the die. ZOpro will be compatible with iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S. Agreed Kai But it's not far away now. The cable is sorted out and in process. I will go into detail on that in the update that is coming. We will deliver way later than planned, but will deliver a product that is the quality and design that we originally promised. Looking back I would have made the case thicker and not been so stubborn about the case thickness and this would have eliminated the cable issue but I take responsibility for the decisions made and we are here now. If Apple keeps their release schedule and leaks hold true we will be compatible with the 5S which will likely ship in October and the 6 will likely be October 2014 although who knows. That being said we are considering a voucher exchange program that we would only offer to our backers when the 6 model comes out as well to provide further benefit but is still a long way out. Understand your concern. A year is pushing it a bit considering all iPhone 5's were estimated for late February 2013 but we are certainly not proud of how this project has gone time wise. Assuming the leaks are all correct the metal part will be modified quickly to work on the iPhone 5 or 5S with dual LED flash. As promised in the last comment from me an update is coming in the next day or two. Wanted to let you all know that we are aware that an update is overdue. First of all, we have a new cable sample that fits the thickness of our case without modification. When we received this sample we were told that with the clearance we had there was no way that we would get charge and sync and it would only charge. We did not accept this answer. Yesterday, we received the cable that is within our parameters and has both charge and sync. That means that we are now in a position where we can push forward again. It looks like we will give the cable company a confirmation as soon as Monday and the other end of the cable mold can be finalized followed by production. I am hesitant to give any new dates until everything comes together but you can expect an update in the proper format with more information within the next 7-14 days. We do not expect to make the cases thicker. It would be a significant time and money issue. We just need to make sure the cases are durable with a thinner backing behind the cable area. Agreed. Actually, way too long would have been a more accurate comment. We are doing are best based on where we are and what we have to work with here. Thanks Raymond. It is frustrating at this point because it is more waiting than action. Action would equal taking drastic steps in a different direction so waiting is the best bet for everyone involved right now. We should know something soon on our cable solution and confirmation of machining the cases even thinner in the back for mass production. It's easy to do for a few cases but production is a different story so our fingers are crossed that it will all work out. NEXT iPhone: The good news for us (ZOpro) is that we will most likely see the same casing as the iPhone 5. If the casing was going to change there would likely be leaks due to the necessity for production testing prior to a September launch. Mark Gurman (9to5mac) has been pretty careful and accurate over the past few product cycles and has been a great source for information prior to iPhone launches. I suggest you follow him @markgurman if you want to best possible analysis (although everything with Apple is speculative). <url>"olloclip compatible top case" that would be fine. Just send me a message instead of a comment so it will show up in your backer report. Thanks. Yes. Please send it as a message instead of a comment so it will be tied to your Backer Info. Thanks! We are working on the survey as we speak and plan to send it out tonight or tomorrow. Check out update #13. We had a very minor change we had to make at the last minute to the tooling so the top and bottom push together properly. Heading overseas to the supplier to confirm in person, start the machines running, and coordinate assembly and shipping. Will update from China on exact dates. Photos of injection molded units are in the most recent update. Still working on May. We know it's going to be tight and we are waiting for final cable samples before we can start any assembly. Will be sending surveys out this week Jermyn. Hi Bryan We are working hard to stay on plan for May fulfillment. Although the translation is rough I am sure that he is just frustrated with the delays as you are and we are. Some don't understand that first time products run into issues and if you want to deliver a high quality product adjustments must be made in production that can cost time. It's part of putting yourself out there on social funding. Also, I am in process of trying to arrange a plan where my son can go to China very soon to avoid waiting for some of the last samples and resolve packaging issues. Will be updating everyone this week. Thanks for the support. Rowan: We are still on track for May. The shots we got from the mold had scratching on the case last week so they went back to make some minor repairs to the tooling and we should have some more sample shots this week. Will post an update early in the week Greg: I will send you the email for iPhone 4/4s refunds. Since we did not make that version we did issue refunds on that model. We cannot issue any refunds on the iPhone 5 because we used every penny juts to pay for tooling and we are paying for the parts ourselves now. Hi Matthew: Nobody ever knows exactly what Apple is doing with their next product cycle. But due to the size of the company and number of suppliers the past few product cycles have been very predictable. We watch quite a few feeds, and analysts have research teams most of whom were pegging the release of the iPhone 5S for announcement in June and launch in July of this year. More recently most of those same Analysts reported that due to delays that may be caused by a fingerprint scanner those dates may be pushed to August or September of 2013. They also unanimously agree that the iPhone 5S will be in the same form factor as the iPhone 5 which is in line with Apple's previous "S" series product cycles. So although we cannot predict the future it is likely that the next phone will launch between July and September and will have the same outer casing with a faster processor, maybe a fingerprint scanner or NFC and who knows what else. @markgurman (9to5mac) revealed the iPhone 5 casing long before the actual release with accurate results and seems to have some pretty credible sources. So what does that mean? We are probably good with our case design for some time and another product cycle but nobody really knows because Apple does not comment on future releases. Our plan is to get the ZOpro to you as soon as possible. Molded parts are scheduled to be coming out of the tooling on April 25th which is in a couple of days. We will let all of you know when we confirm them. Joe Hi Sheila: If your transaction is under Alfredo Fernandez we have found it and that may have been the issue on confirmation. Adam: ZOpro STILL HAS THE CHARGING CABLE. We would never delete such an important feature. The recess for the cable is just being machined instead of molded. Sheila: Please send us your Amazon Transaction Number. All of the requested iPhone 4/4S refunds were taken care of long ago. Search December 2012 in your Amazon account. Gary Yes, we are late. The iPhone 5's were originally estimated for February and it's now March. We are trying to get one or two items nailed down with our supplier so we can update and build expectations properly. Please do not think for a second that this does not wear on us as well. We are well past the point of refunds on the iPhone 5 because those funds have been paid for tooling and additional money out of pocket has been spent as well. We are refining, tracking, and testing: case tooling, pro mount tooling, cables, lenses, metal parts (camera and pro mount), rare-earth magnet, velvet lining, handle parts, packaging & finishes. We could certainly be posting more updates and will try to be better about that. Please keep in mind that updates don't get the project completed and showing improper or non-final parts will not please anyone. All of the approved parts will come together near the same time frame and we will have loads to share. In the mean time, we will post an update on fulfillment as soon as we feel we have the confidence to do so accurately. Thanks to everyone for your support! Joe Hi Rowan I know many are frustrated waiting for a substantial update. Fulfillment will be delayed due to more changes we have made in tooling. We are hesitant in issuing an update until we have a schedule nailed down that we can rely on from our supplier and final injection shots in hand. Of course we will get an update out as soon as we get the information in hand and are confident with finalization. Colors: Yes, we still intend to offer the colors. We will not be sending surveys until very close to fulfillment otherwise people could change address etc... Thank you for your support! Hey Jermyn We will be getting an update out soon. Working as efficiently as we can on getting all of the bugs out of the tooling and the nine parts that make up the ZOpro. Has not been as smooth a road as we would like but rest assured we will fulfill a nice product before your holiday. Thanks to everyone for the support and patience. Yes. After a long three weeks on hold because of the China Holidays things are moving again on the iPhone 5. We will have some test shots coming in the next few weeks and should have some good photos to post on an update shortly thereafter. We are still looking at the end of March (as stated in update #9) for estimated delivery and will keep you updated as things are now starting to come together. RE: iPhone 4/4S Refunds We just sent about 50 to Amazon. Once the funds transferred to Amazon (7 working days, 11 total days) the button for refund was no longer available. We had to contact Kickstarter and Amazon and found a work around. The work around was sending all of the transaction numbers to Amazon which finally was completed today. Was not an easy task digging through 900 transactions. There are some that did not match up with our list so if you do not see your refund before Monday send an email with your TRANSACTION ID in the subject line to the same email as before. We certainly would have liked this to be an easier process than it has been. Thanks for your patience. Just so this is clear in the comments area. We are refunding the iPhone 4/4S backers and moving forward with production with the iPhone 5. Backers can view the full update and explanation including info on the status of the iPhone 5 by viewing UPDATE #9. This is a "backers only" update and you should have received it via email as well if you are a backer. If your email does not open automatically when you click on it just copy the address and paste it to your email. No problem Grid: Its just an email address for the refunds: <email> I completely understand and sympathize with your disappointment Harjit. I obviously have both phones and actually prefer to use my iPhone 4S for photo and video work. David, Wilson, & Chris: I first want to thank you for your support on the project. We think we have been forthright in all of our decisions and notifications thus far. All Estimated December backers were notified of the delay before the close of the project with a window to cancel contributions. I have never had that opportunity on late projects that I backed. We have been putting significant effort into changing our plan for the iPhone 4/4S in such a way that we could produce one run of high quality cases without long term tooling even if they exceeded our cost. These decisions are difficult because they effect more than just a few backers. Our focus group will be making a final decision tomorrow on the iPhone 4/4S and the decision appears to be leaning toward refunding the iPhone 4/4S backers and continuing with the iPhone 5 model. That is a decision we don't take lightly because it will leave some unhappy backers that would rather wait and will cost us an additional 10% because of the Kickstarter and Amazon fees. If that is the decision, we will start issuing the refunds very quickly and will take the loss on commission and fees in order to make you all whole. Thank you for your understanding and patience. For all of our backers. We are aware that it has been a long time since the last update and you can expect a new update middle to the end of this week. Waiting on some important confirmations that we should have early this coming week. Hi Chris As you know we changed the way we plan to make the 4 due to the low quantities. That message went out to First Backers only because it did not effect estimated dates for other backers. When the next sample is received we will be making some decisions followed by an update and you can expect that in the coming week. Hope you had a safe and Happy Holiday season David. We are making some critical decisions on the 4's over the next week to ten days and will be posting an update sometime before the 15th to get everyone up to speed. Hi Jermyn. Our estimated delivery dates for February still look good. Will be updating when we get couple of weeks into January. Yes Steve. We will have all of the accessories available on our website after we fulfill our Kickstarter backers. Hi Wilson. My apologies that I did not respond to that request at the time. However, we did notify all Backers with December Estimated Deliveries prior to the close of the project that their iPhone 4's would be pushed to January because of the low quantities. We are pushing on production detail right now and will be getting an update out in a week to ten days. Hope everyone had a safe and Happy Holiday and wishing you all a Happy New Year! Hi David. We know it will be in January but are waiting for the producer to confirm exact dates. They are finalizing their labor allocation schedules for the Chinese holidays which are in the same month. Thanks Michael and many thanks to all of our Backers! We look forward to getting a great product in your hands and we could never have done it without you. ZOpro is going to become a reality.:) Thanks for supporting our project Matthew! You got us over that $20,000 hump which was a huge milestone for us. Hi David. Thanks for supporting the project. Christmas delivery for the First Backers (iPhone 4/4S) is still the plan. We have a conference scheduled with our supplier middle of next week regarding Christmas delivery for those units. As our goal is to be transparent with our backers, we will be posting an updated regarding those deliveries BEFORE the project closes. There is always a chance Jermyn. But that will largely depend on how the timing goes with the iPhone 5 charging system. Hi Jermyn Looks like you have pledged enough for your reward selected plus the handle and tripod mount so you should be good to go. Hi Bryan Good News for you and everyone else. Because we are not molding each color all backers and all deliveries will be able to choose their color. The color comes from a scratch proof soft-touch exterior coating that you see on many high end cases. This gives you a slight rubber like feel and a much more confident grip making it much less likely to drop your phone. We though this was important on a case used for photography and it gives us a much better selection and control on colors. Thanks Aizal. And a big thank you to all of our backers! Thanks Steven. We are really excited about making these cases! Thanks Michael! Hey David. Our plan is that all of the First Backers for iPhone 4S will get their ZOpro or ZOsolo packages for Christmas Delivery. Obviously these dates say estimated delivery but we are moving early to get things done on time. We have limited the number for these first deliveries so that in the event we need to pay for air shipment and such to make the first deadlines it will be manageable. Thank you for your support. Thanks Andy! You got us over the hump. And thanks to all of our backers for getting us past our goal in less than ten days. Will not have any issues getting the iPhone 5 cables and delivery by February so you should be all good for your trip. Thanks for supporting us Kerry! Will look into that now. Thank you Chris! Thanks Adam! It was nice during the video shoot having the ON-Charge. Filmic Pro creates some pretty big files, so after a couple hours of shooting I would plug into the laptop, drop the files on the computer, and get a quick charge. Thanks for supporting us. The magnet is actually on the lenses and the sticky washer is metal. But yes the opening lines up the lenses perfectly and they snap right in. They are also much more secure and can't move off of center if you bump them. Been using it for a few months and I actually enjoy using the lenses now that the washers have been eliminated. I stick the lenses on the pro mount and just keep it in my car or pack. Then I have lenses and a tripod mount with me at all times. And it fits in my pocket. It's never crazy to ask. Would not be possible at this point because of tooling but if the project goes really well it could be a consideration for a model. The first prototype did not have the cable. But keep in mind the cable will be much more refined in the finished product and it looks like it may be removable for replacement purposes. Thanks for the kind words. I could not have said it better myself Bryan. Thank you! Good Questions Bryan Tripod mount will only attach in landscape mode. Although I have not personally had much use for shooting in portrait mode most tripods do flip to 90 degrees. About the Christmas delivery units. We are already working towards it and will use credit to get tooling rolling in November. We have committed to a small quantity of units for December in the event they require Air Shipment to meet your expectations. Joe Thanks for supporting us Richard, Five colors to choose from for now. Every 500 backers and we will add a color that you backers will get to vote in. The five colors in the project are what we are starting with although we could not use renders so the shades and consistency are not correct. We want to really blow the funding away because we have a surprise option that we may add to the list if we get over 50k. It's another die for molding and a high minimum order. So keep getting the word out! Thanks again, Joe Thanks Bryan Please keep posting and tweeting! It all helps. Good Question Richard Your credit card will be charged when the project ends on Dec 7th assuming we reach our funding goal. Looking good so far. Thank you supporting our project! Joe